  * **Wallet**[**Mobile App** The world of Web3 in your pocket](/download)[**Browser Extension** An optimized Web3 experience for desktop](/browser-extension)
  * **Features**[**Swaps** Swap securely and seamlessly](/swap)[**Staking** Earn crypto rewards while securing networks](/staking)[**NFTs** Explore the world of NFTs](/nft)[**Security** Learn how we keep your assets & Web3 journey safe](/security)[**Buy Crypto** Buy crypto in under five minutes](/buy-crypto)[**SWIFT: Smart Contract Wallet** Explore Web3 easily with account abstraction features](/swift)
  * **Build**[**Developer Docs** Get guides for building powerful Web3 applications](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/)[**Wallet Core** Open-source, mobile-focused crypto wallet library](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/wallet-core)[**Submit dApp** Get your dApp in front of millions](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-dapps)[**Get assets listed** Elevate your asset’s exposure](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-assets)
  * **Support**[**FAQ** Get answers to your most pressing questions](https://community.trustwallet.com/c/helpcenter/8)[**Community Forum** Connect with our vibrant and diverse community](https://community.trustwallet.com/)[**Contact Us** Reach out for personalized support](https://support.trustwallet.com/en/support/home)
  * **About**[**About Us** Discover who we are and what drives us](/about-us)[**Careers** Join us in shaping the future of Web3](/careers)[**Press Kit** Download our official logo and other media assets](/press)[**Blog** Stay up-to-date on Web3 trends and insights](/blog)[**Terms of Service** What you need to know to use our services](/terms-of-service)[**Privacy Policy** Your privacy matters, learn how we protect it](/privacy-policy)

DarkLightLanguage

[Download Trust Wallet](/download)

[](/)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.4edbb099.svg)[**Mobile App** The world
of Web3 in your pocket](/download)[**Browser Extension** An optimized Web3
experience for desktop](/browser-extension)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.e7c57d68.svg)[**Swaps** Swap securely
and seamlessly](/swap)[**Staking** Earn crypto rewards while securing
networks](/staking)[**NFTs** Explore the world of NFTs](/nft)[**Security**
Learn how we keep your assets & Web3 journey safe](/security)[**Buy Crypto**
Buy crypto in under five minutes](/buy-crypto)[**SWIFT: Smart Contract
Wallet** Explore Web3 easily with account abstraction features](/swift)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.b373ab3f.svg)[**Developer Docs** Get
guides for building powerful Web3
applications](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/)[**Wallet Core**
Open-source, mobile-focused crypto wallet
library](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/wallet-core)[**Submit
dApp** Get your dApp in front of
millions](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-dapps)[**Get
assets listed** Elevate your asset’s
exposure](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-assets)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.1211abf0.svg)[**FAQ** Get answers to
your most pressing
questions](https://community.trustwallet.com/c/helpcenter/8)[**Community
Forum** Connect with our vibrant and diverse
community](https://community.trustwallet.com/)[**Contact Us** Reach out for
personalized support](https://support.trustwallet.com/en/support/home)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.9a6dd06f.svg)[**About Us** Discover who
we are and what drives us](/about-us)[**Careers** Join us in shaping the
future of Web3](/careers)[**Press Kit** Download our official logo and other
media assets](/press)[**Blog** Stay up-to-date on Web3 trends and
insights](/blog)[**Terms of Service** What you need to know to use our
services](/terms-of-service)[**Privacy Policy** Your privacy matters, learn
how we protect it](/privacy-policy)

[](/)

WalletFeaturesBuildSupportAbout

Language

[Download](/download)

[Home](/)  >  [Blog](/blog)  >  [Guides](/blog?category=Guides)  >  [A
Beginner's Guide to ICP](/blog/beginners-guide-to-icp)

##### Guides

# A Beginner's Guide to ICP

Published on: May 16, 2024

##### Share post

[](https://facebook.com/trustwalletapp)[](https://github.com/trustwallet)[](https://instagram.com/trustwallet)[](https://twitter.com/trustwallet)[](https://discord.gg/trustwallet)[](https://reddit.com/r/trustapp)[](https://t.me/trustwallet)

  * **Understanding Internet Computer (ICP)**
  * **The Benefits of ICP**
  * **The ICP Ecosystem**
  * **What is the ICP Token?**
  * **ICP Tokenomics**
  * **How to Deposit ICP to Your Trust Wallet Address**

##### In Brief

Learn everything you need to know about ICP. Explore its ecosystem, use cases,
and more in this beginner's guide.

![A Beginner's Guide to ICP](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Ficp_beginners_guide_d276a62082.png&w=3840&q=75)

The internet of today is highly centralized, dominated by a handful of large
companies. ICP (Internet Computer) exists to break this chokehold by ushering
in a new era of the internet. A decentralized internet, where users are in
control and applications run on a network of millions of independent computers
scattered around the globe.

In this beginner's guide, we discuss everything you need to know about ICP,
exploring its fundamental concepts, ecosystem, and use cases. In an era marked
by the emergence of [Web3](https://trustwallet.com/) technologies,
understanding ICP's role is paramount for anyone navigating the decentralized
future of the internet.

[![Download-Trust-Wallet-Button.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2FDownload_Trust_Wallet_Button_3b2b015a21.png&w=3840&q=75)](https://short.trustwallet.com/TW-
SEOblog)

## Understanding Internet Computer (ICP)

ICP aims to create a decentralized internet by leveraging independent data
centers worldwide. Unlike traditional cloud providers, ICP leverages a global
network of independent data centers, enabling them to seamlessly collaborate,
and to host and serve applications. By decentralizing the internet, ICP
mitigates the risks associated with single points of failure. Moreover, ICP
empowers developers to build and deploy applications directly onto the public
internet.

ICP operates through open standards, ensuring transparency and preventing
conflicts of interest. This distributed approach, coupled with the vast
computing power harnessed by ICP's network, promises significant improvements
in scalability and speed. ICP aims to be a powerful, decentralized engine that
powers the next generation of Web3 applications, unshackling developers from
the constraints of centralized servers.

### Before You Get Started

Before you explore ICP in more detail, it’s important to remember that you can
manage ICP using Trust Wallet.

You can download Trust Wallet as a mobile app, or you can install the [Trust
Wallet Extension](https://trustwallet.com/browser-extension) for your desktop
browser.

![icp-beginners-guide-1.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Ficp_beginners_guide_1_2d7847e0c5.png&w=3840&q=75)

## The Benefits of ICP

At the heart of ICP lies a revolutionary concept - a global network of
independent data centers. These data centers, called "node machines," are not
controlled by any single entity, unlike the centralized server farms of
traditional cloud providers. This distributed approach offers several
advantages:

### Neutrality and Censorship Resistance

No single entity dictates how the network operates, promoting neutrality and
reducing the risk of censorship.

### Improved Reliability

The distributed nature of the network means outages in one location won’t
cripple the entire system, enhancing overall reliability.

### Open-source protocols and transparency

[ICP](https://trustwallet.com/blog/crypto-wallet) operates on open-source
protocols. The underlying code is freely accessible for anyone to inspect.
This transparency fosters trust and prevents conflicts of interest that might
arise in closed-source cloud platforms.

### Chain Key Technology and Scalability

A core innovation of ICP is Chain Key technology. This enables developers to
create "canister" smart contracts that can scale infinitely. Traditional
blockchains often struggle with scalability as the number of users and
applications increase. Chain Key addresses this by enabling smart contracts to
distribute computations across multiple nodes within the network, potentially
solving scalability limitations.

### Reverse Gas Model and User Experience

Unlike traditional blockchains, where users pay gas fees for transactions, ICP
employs a "Reverse Gas Model." In this model, developers are responsible for
pre-loading their smart contracts with "cycles" (obtained by burning ICP
tokens) to fuel the computations and account for their applications’ storage
needs. This enables users to interact with dApps on ICP seamlessly, without
needing to directly manage gas fees.

![icp-beginners-guide-2.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Ficp_beginners_guide_2_7290b0316f.png&w=3840&q=75)

## The ICP Ecosystem

The ICP ecosystem goes beyond the blockchain itself. The ICP ecosystem
encompasses a range of tools and technologies that empower developers to
create innovative Web3 applications:

### dApps (Decentralized Applications)

These are applications built on the [ICP
blockchain](https://trustwallet.com/blog/crypto-wallet), independent of any
central authority. dApps leverage the security and scalability of ICP to offer
a wide range of functionalities, from social media platforms to financial
services.

### Smart Contracts

Smart contracts are self-executing contracts stored on the ICP blockchain.
These automate agreements between users without the need for intermediaries.
Smart contracts play a crucial role in enabling secure and trustless
interactions within dApps.

### Chain Key Technology

A core innovation of ICP, Chain Key, enables developers to create "canister"
smart contracts that can scale infinitely. This opens doors for building
complex, feature-rich dApps on the ICP blockchain.

## What is the ICP Token?

ICP is the Internet Computer network's native utility token that is used to
facilitate governance and reward network participants. The ICP token assumes a
multifaceted role within the Internet Computer ecosystem, driving computation,
staking, voting, governance, and ownership.

  * **Governance token:** ICP token holders wield governance rights by staking tokens, thereby influencing the future trajectory of the network.

  * **Utility token:** Users can burn ICP tokens to acquire 'cycles,' which serve as gas for computation and storage in canister smart contracts. Users can also mint [ICP tokens](https://trustwallet.com/blog/crypto-wallet) to reward 'node machine' providers for their computational resources.

  * **Participation in decentralization swaps:** ICP tokens enable users to engage in decentralization swaps, facilitating co-ownership of decentralized autonomous organizations (DAOs) such as SNS DAO. Reward mechanism: Incentivizes node machine providers for contributing computational resources to the network.

![icp-beginners-guide-4.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Ficp_beginners_guide_4_34cb6cbf22.png&w=3840&q=75)

## ICP Tokenomics

The ICP token's design plays a crucial role in the health and functionality of
the Internet Computer ecosystem. Here's a look at its tokenomics:

### Supply and Distribution

There's a fixed supply of 463,800,060 ICP tokens. These tokens were initially
distributed through a series of public and private sales, along with
allocations for the development team and network rewards.

### Staking Incentives

Staking ICP tokens grants governance rights to token holders. To incentivize
long-term participation, the voting power of a staked ICP token increases the
longer it's locked up. This discourages short-term speculation and encourages
users with a vested interest in the network's long-term success to participate
in governance.

### Cycle Economics

The "cycles" obtained by burning ICP tokens are the fuel for computation and
storage within the network's smart contracts. The cost of cycles is designed
to be stable and predictable, enabling developers to build applications with
clear cost structures. Unlike traditional blockchains, end users don't
directly pay gas fees when interacting with dApps on ICP. Instead, developers
are responsible for managing the cycle costs associated with their dApps.

## How to Deposit ICP to Your Trust Wallet Address

You can deposit ICP from another crypto wallet address or from a centralized
exchange. Here’s how:

  * Select “Receive” from the home screen.

  * Search for “ICP” and select it.

![icp-beginners-guide-3.gif](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Ficp_beginners_guide_3_9e6c994c0c.gif&w=3840&q=75)

From here you have two options. You can either:

  1. Copy your deposit address and use that on your exchange account or other [crypto wallet](https://trustwallet.com/blog/crypto-wallet) to send funds to.

  2. Use the “Deposit from exchange” option to deposit crypto seamlessly from your exchange account.

Remember that in addition to ICP, Trust Wallet lets you manage and interact
with 10M+ crypto assets across 100+ blockchains. Download the latest version
of Trust Wallet today.

[![Download-Trust-Wallet-Button.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2FDownload_Trust_Wallet_Button_3b2b015a21.png&w=3840&q=75)](https://short.trustwallet.com/TW-
SEOblog)

Join the Trust Wallet community on [Telegram](https://rebrand.ly/TW-Telegram-
Announcements) Follow us on [X (formerly Twitter)](https://rebrand.ly/TW-
Twitter-Blog) [Instagram](https://rebrand.ly/TW-Insta-Blog)
[Facebook](https://rebrand.ly/TW-FB-Blog) [Reddit](https://rebrand.ly/TW-
Reddit-Blog) [Warpcast](https://warpcast.com/trustwalletapp)

> **Note:** Any cited numbers, figures, or illustrations are reported at the
> time of writing, and are subject to change.

#### Simple and convenient to use, seamless to explore

[Download Trust Wallet](/download)

##### Stay Connected:

[](https://facebook.com/trustwalletapp)[](https://github.com/trustwallet)[](https://instagram.com/trustwallet)[](https://twitter.com/trustwallet)[](https://discord.gg/trustwallet)[](https://reddit.com/r/trustapp)[](https://t.me/trustwallet)

  * **Wallet**[Mobile App](/download)[Browser Extension](/browser-extension)
  * **Features**[Buy Crypto](/buy-crypto)[Swaps](/swap)[Staking](/staking)[NFTs](/nft)[Security](/security)[SWIFT: Smart Contract Wallet](/swift)
  * **Build**[Developer Docs](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/)[Wallet Core](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/wallet-core)[Submit dApp](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-dapps)[Get assets listed](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-assets)
  * **Support**[FAQ](https://community.trustwallet.com/c/helpcenter/8)[Community Forum](https://community.trustwallet.com/)[Contact Us](https://support.trustwallet.com/en/support/home)
  * **About**[About Us](/about-us)[Careers](/careers)[Press Kit](/press)[Terms of Service](/terms-of-service)[Privacy Policy](/privacy-policy)[Blog](/blog)
  * ![A-LIGN ISO 27701](/_next/static/media/image.8354ab2c.svg)![A-LIGN ISO 27001](/_next/static/media/image.7f0b3bc9.svg)

**Download Trust Wallet**

The most trusted & secure crypto wallet.

[Download for iOS](https://apps.apple.com/app/apple-
store/id1288339409?mt=8)[Download
Extension![Chrome](/_next/static/media/raw.7dd85797.svg)](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/trust-
wallet/egjidjbpglichdcondbcbdnbeeppgdph)[Download APK](/download/apk)[Download
for Android![App
Store](/_next/image?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Fimage.5ee64b2e.png&w=256&q=75)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.wallet.crypto.trustapp)

