[](https://www.binance.com/en)

[Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/crypto/buy)

[Markets](https://www.binance.com/en/markets/overview)

Trade

Basic

  * [SpotBuy and sell on the Spot market with advanced tools](https://www.binance.com/en/trade/BTC_USDT?type=spot)
  * [MarginIncrease your profits with leverage](https://www.binance.com/en/trade?type=cross)
  * [P2PBuy & sell cryptocurrencies using bank transfer and 800+ options](https://p2p.binance.com/en)
  * [Convert & Block TradeThe easiest way to trade at all sizes](https://www.binance.com/en/convert)

Advanced

  * [Trading BotsTrade smarter with our various automated strategies - easy, fast and reliable](https://www.binance.com/en/trading-bots)
  * [Copy TradingFollow the most popular traders](https://www.binance.com/en/copy-trading)
  * [APIsUnlimited opportunities with one key](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-api)

[Futures](https://www.binance.com/en/futures/home)

  * [USDⓈ-M FuturesContracts settled in USDT and USDC](https://www.binance.com/en/futures)
  * [COIN-M FuturesContracts settled in cryptocurrency](https://www.binance.com/en/delivery)
  * [OptionsUSDT Options with limited downside and affordable entry](https://www.binance.com/en/eoptions)

[Earn](https://www.binance.com/en/earn)

[Square](https://www.binance.com/en/square)

  * [SquareStay informed with everything crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/square)
  * [Academy (Learn & Earn)Earn crypto by learning about blockchain](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn)
  * [BlogExpand your knowledge and get the latest insights](https://www.binance.com/en/blog)
  * [ResearchInstitutional-grade analysis, in-depth insights, and more](https://www.binance.com/en/research)

More

  * [VIP & InstitutionalYour trusted digital asset platform for VIPs and institutions](https://www.binance.com/en/vip-institutional-services)
  * [Launchpad & LaunchpoolDiscover and gain access to new token launches](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)
  * [MegadropLock your BNB and complete Web3 quests for boosted airdrop rewards](https://www.binance.com/en/megadrop)
  * [Mining PoolMine more rewards by connecting to the pool](https://pool.binance.com/en)
  * [PaySend, receive and spend crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/payment)
  * [LoansGet an instant loan secured by crypto assets](https://www.binance.com/en/loan)

  * [NFTExplore NFTs from creators worldwide](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/home)
  * [Fan TokenDiscover an all-new fandom and unlock unlimited fan experiences](https://www.binance.com/en/fan-token)
  * [Web3 WalletMeet the next-generation Web3 wallet](https://www.binance.com/en/web3wallet)
  * [BNB ChainThe most popular blockchain to build your own dApp](https://www.bnbchain.org)
  * [CharityBlockchain empowers charity to be more transparent, efficient, and traceable](https://www.binance.charity)

[Log
In](https://accounts.binance.com/en/login?loginChannel=blog&return_to=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYmluYW5jZS5jb20vZW4vYmxvZy9mcm9tLW91ci1jZW8vYS1sZXR0ZXItZnJvbS1vdXItY2VvLW15LWZpcnN0LTEwMC1kYXlzLWxlYWRpbmctYmluYW5jZS02MDk4MjE1MjM0NTA5OTYxMzI1P2xhbmc9ZW4%3D)[Sign
Up](https://accounts.binance.com/en/register?registerChannel=blog&return_to=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYmluYW5jZS5jb20vZW4vYmxvZy9mcm9tLW91ci1jZW8vYS1sZXR0ZXItZnJvbS1vdXItY2VvLW15LWZpcnN0LTEwMC1kYXlzLWxlYWRpbmctYmluYW5jZS02MDk4MjE1MjM0NTA5OTYxMzI1P2xhbmc9ZW4%3D)

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/images/common/logo.png)

Scan to Download App IOS & Android

[More Download
Options](https://www.binance.com/en/download?utm_source=&utm_campaign=)

##### [Binance Blog](/blog)

# A Letter From Our CEO: My First 100 Days Leading Binance

2024-03-01

In politics, a newly elected leader’s first 100 days in office has come to be
seen as a yardstick for their ability to govern effectively, enact reforms,
and deliver on campaign promises. The analogy between leading a nation and the
world’s largest digital-asset ecosystem is, of course, an imperfect one.
Still, one can argue that crypto moves faster than most legacy systems,
meaning that the first 100 days of leadership here could be even more telling
than the same period in politics. Be that as it may, the early weeks and
months following a leadership change are critical for a system or
organization, and my first hundred days have certainly brought enough
developments and progress to make it worth taking stock of them.

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20240229/76ba88df-8ee0-4b5d-86f6-41c9de382b70)

Since stepping in as CEO, I have made it a priority to ensure and maintain the
user-focused principles of Binance across the business, with the main emphasis
on ensuring stability. In this sense, no radical reforms were needed, as in
many ways our organization had already been set on the right course. Indeed,
our user-focused DNA continues to be the driving force behind people’s trust
in Binance and the corresponding growth of our user base, with more than 178
million registered users as of today.

Moreover, since our resolutions with US regulators, we continue to demonstrate
a very strong financial performance. As reported by Bloomberg based on the
data from DefiLlama, we recorded net inflows of more than $3 billion between
late November and late February, outpacing what our biggest competitors took
in over the same period. In January alone, our platform pulled in the largest
estimated inflow since at least November 2022. Certainly, we have favorable
external conditions to thank – the approval of spot BTC exchange-traded
products in the United States has contributed to the crypto market’s strong
momentum – but even against this backdrop, Binance’s excellent performance
over the past 3 months stands out conspicuously.

What made these early successes possible is the combination of the hard work
of our dynamic team, our deep bench of global leaders who have positioned the
organization for long-term growth, and the continued trust and support of our
fantastic global community.

## Products That Deliver Value

I see driving product innovation to generate value for our users as the
essence of Binance’s work. I am happy to say that during my first 100 days, we
rolled out a number of exciting features for both retail and institutional
users.

Continuing to focus on simplifying access to the exciting world of Web3, we
introduced an array of new features to Binance Web3 Wallet. This includes
support of new chains, enhanced swap options, and access to more DEXs and
bridges. Responding to popular demand, we also launched the Binance
Inscriptions Marketplace, integrated with our Web3 wallet, to offer the crypto
community a user-friendly way to trade and mint a range of inscription tokens.

Further doubling down on making crypto trading more social, we made
improvements to Binance’s copy trading functionalities, specifically,
introducing the Mock Copy Trading feature. This educational tool lets users
practice and learn using virtual test funds in a risk-free environment.

On the institutional side, Binance has successfully initiated and executed the
first-of-its-kind [_banking tri-party arrangement in the crypto
industry_](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/vip/binance-pilots-banking-
triparty-agreement-to-help-institutional-investors-manage-counterparty-
exposure-6193507006097722519) , where an institutional investor’s trading
collateral is held in fiat with a third-party banking partner. This is an
innovative risk management solution that addresses counterparty risks, which
institutional investors in the industry take extremely seriously. Replicating
a framework common in traditional financial markets, it allows investors to
better manage risk and scale their crypto-asset allocation. We also made
strides in institutional lending business, and are increasing our ability to
source and provide liquidity for fixed-duration loans.

As the digital-asset space welcomes more and more institutional investors,
including those that are new to this asset class, our goal remains to
facilitate their onboarding and offer the range and quality of services that
would make them stick around for the long haul.

Our latest move designed to demonstrate this commitment is the extension of
our VIP Program’s entry requirements to include trading volume on traditional
platforms – another industry first. Historically, high-volume investors have
been able to apply for Binance VIP status based on their trading volume on
other crypto exchanges. The recent changes in [Binance’s VIP Invitation
Program](https://www.binance.com/en/support/announcement/vip-invitation-
program-promotion-unlock-vip-1-level-upgrades-with-trading-volumes-from-up-to-
two-exchanges-df1c9a554105489083cf9a6c991c74ac) mean that investors can now
use their aggregate spot or futures volume on both crypto and traditional
venues to apply for VIP status with Binance, making it even easier for
institutional customers to kickstart their crypto journey with us.

## Regulation That Fosters Innovation

While many of the earliest crypto adherents were decidedly anti-regulation, as
the industry has grown, it’s important to acknowledge that regulation is an
indispensable part of the lifecycle of all innovative sectors. The foundation
of a robust regulatory framework must be built on basic principles of
maximizing protections for users while fostering a safe and sustainable
ecosystem that can grow responsibly. I believe that users are the ultimate
beneficiaries of the hard regulatory compliance work that we do as they get to
enjoy the security and stability of a well-regulated digital-asset ecosystem.

Over the past three months, we have made significant headway in negotiating
licenses and authorizations. We also furthered dialogue with regulators and
industry stakeholders around the world to bolster cooperation and coordination
on the pathway of the crypto industry’s sustainable growth. One of the results
this work yielded was that, in January, Gulf Binance – an exchange and
brokerage platform in Thailand, the joint venture between Binance and Gulf
Innova – [_successfully launched its full
operations_](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/ecosystem/binance-th-by-gulf-
binance-now-open-to-all-eligible-users-7846087428943809900) , extending access
to digital assets to potentially millions of Thai crypto users and crypto-
curious.

Furthermore, in line with our user-focused principles, we intensified our
efforts on fortifying data security and management practices. Completing the
[_comprehensive and independent SOC 2 Type II compliance
audit_](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/ecosystem/binance-reaffirms-
commitment-to-robust-security-with-a-successful-
soc-2-audit-2965809949950603911) affirms that Binance's global platform runs
effectively designed and implemented controls in systems protection and data
security. We also launched our dedicated [_Binance Privacy
Portal_](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/ecosystem/binance-privacy-portal-
launch-celebrate-data-privacy-day-with-us-5859298882945737807) to better
communicate to users their data rights and give them tools to exercise them.

We saw crypto crime indicators going down considerably in 2023, and I am
certain that Binance’s consistent efforts to strengthen our compliance program
and bolster cooperation with global crime fighters have [_contributed to this
industry-wide trend_](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/ecosystem/crypto-crime-
was-down-in-2023--heres-how-binances-efforts-contributed-to-this-
trend-3697721049614502490). Forging robust partnerships with law enforcement
agencies remained our priority during my first 100 days, reflecting Binance’s
collaborative and proactive approach to enhancing the security of the crypto
ecosystem. Notable engagements over this period include a [_training session
with INTERPOL officers_](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/ecosystem/binance-
shares-cyberpolicing-and-investigative-expertise-with-
interpol-8801759366914474386) and [_contributing to the Commercial Crime
Advanced Course_](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/ecosystem/binance-
contributes-to-hong-kong-commercial-crime-bureaus-advanced-educational-
course-2221950511455444773) by the Hong Kong Police Force (HKPF). As ever, we
continued assisting relevant authorities with crucial intelligence in ongoing
investigations.

To further bolster our compliance capabilities, [_we've welcomed back Steve
Christie_](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/leadership/steve-christie-
announced-as-binance-deputy-chief-compliance-officer-8955435036564475832) , a
world-class compliance expert, as our new Deputy Chief Compliance Officer. We
continue to grow the capacity of our compliance teams by hiring leading
professionals in their respective disciplines.

## Personal Journey

Since I became CEO, one thing I started to do much more of is meeting Binance
community members face-to-face. This is perhaps the most rewarding part of the
job – talking to the people whose lives got tangibly better thanks to our
efforts, as in the many firsthand experiences shared with me by those who had
previously had virtually no access to financial services and only got a taste
of financial freedom with Binance. These personal stories, and the invariable
outpouring of support that comes with them, are heartwarming and deeply
inspirational.

As a new CEO, I also got to meet hundreds of incredible professionals across
our organization. Talking to them and getting to know them convinced me even
more of the strength of our distributed, horizontally structured team. In
these first three months, I observed in granular detail how the robustness and
depth of our talent pool translates into the success of the entire
organization via a concerted team effort.

Finally, as we ramped up the work of building partnerships and horizontal
connections in the industry, I connected with numerous colleagues from all
corners of the Web3 space. I was excited to hear that both investors and
project teams had a lot of good things to say about Binance Launchpad and how
it connects new promising blockchain ventures with crypto-savvy investors. All
in all, one of the most pleasing discoveries of the first 100 days was that
the role of Binance’s CEO comes with so many opportunities to build new
personal and professional connections.

## Not Taking Success For Granted

Undoubtedly, my first 100 days in charge of Binance took place during an
exciting new period of the crypto industry’s history. What we have achieved
during this time is the result of the hard work of all Binancians, from co-
founders to customer service agents, as well as the support and trust of our
dynamic and passionate community.

Still, we are very early into the new era of the crypto industry, and there
will be many more ups and downs on the road to financial freedom that we are
committed to advance. I am determined to continue building an organization
that will thrive through the periods of fast growth and remain robust and
resilient in less favorable conditions – for the next 100 weeks, 100 months,
and 100 years. The only way to achieve it I know is by focusing on users,
prioritizing their needs, and continuing to improve for them. That’s Binance’s
plan for the future.

## Further Reading

  * [ _My First Blog as Binance’s CEO_](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/from-our-ceo/my-first-blog-as-binances-ceo-2887294642016890803)

  * [ _From Our CEO: 2023, the Year of Embracing Change While Remaining Committed to Users_](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/from-our-ceo/from-our-ceo-2023-the-year-of-embracing-change-while-remaining-committed-to-users-1976950881342473554)

  * [ _Highlights From Richard Teng’s December 1 AMA on X Spaces_](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/leadership/highlights-from-richard-tengs-december-1-ama-on-x-spaces-4483841335251414512)

195,054,383 users chose us. Find out why today.

Register Now

492

###### Share Post

Article Outlines

A Letter From Our CEO: My First 100 Days Leading Binance

Products That Deliver Value

Regulation That Fosters Innovation

Personal Journey

Not Taking Success For Granted

Further Reading

195,054,383 users chose us. Find out why today.

Register Now

### Community

[](https://discord.gg/jE4wt8g2H2)[](https://www.binance.com/en/community)[](https://www.tiktok.com/@binance?lang=en)[](https://www.facebook.com/binance)[](https://twitter.com/binance)[](https://www.reddit.com/r/binance)[](https://www.instagram.com/Binance/)[](https://coinmarketcap.com/exchanges/binance/)[](https://www.youtube.com/binanceyoutube)[](https://www.binance.com/en/community)

USD-$

USD-$

AED-د.إ

ARS-ARS$

AUD-A$

BDT-৳

BGN-лв

BHD-.د.ب

BOB-$b

BRL-R$

CAD-C$

CHF-CHF

CNY-¥

COP-COL$

CZK-Kč

DKK-KR

EGP-E£

EUR-€

GBP-£

HKD-HKD

HRK-kn

HUF-Ft

IDR-Rp

INR-₹

JPY-¥

KES-KSh

KWD-ك.د

KZT-₸

MAD-م.د.

MNT-₮

MXN-Mex$

NZD-NZ$

OMR-ر.ع.

PEN-S/.

PHP-₱

PKR-₨

PLN-zł

QAR-ر.ق

RON-lei

RUB-₽

SAR-ر.س

SEK-kr

THB-฿

TRY-₺

TWD-NT$

UAH-₴

UGX-USh

VES-Bs

VND-₫

ZAR-R

Theme

USD

Theme

### About Us

  * [About](https://www.binance.com/en/about)
  * [Careers](https://www.binance.com/en/careers)
  * [Announcements](https://www.binance.com/en/support/announcement)
  * [News](https://www.binance.com/en/square/news/all)
  * [Press](https://www.binance.com/en/press)
  * [Legal](https://www.binance.com/en/legal/home)
  * [Terms](https://www.binance.com/en/terms)
  * [Privacy](https://www.binance.com/en/about-legal/privacy-portal)
  * [Building Trust](https://www.binance.com/en/land/building_trust)
  * [Blog](https://www.binance.com/en/blog)
  * [Community](https://www.binance.com/en/community)
  * [Sitemap](https://www.binance.com/en/country-region-selector)
  * [Risk Warning](https://www.binance.com/en/risk-warning)
  * [Notices](https://www.binance.com/en/support/list/notices)
  * [Downloads](https://www.binance.com/en/download)
  * [Desktop Application](https://www.binance.com/en/desktop-download)

### Products

  * [Exchange](https://www.binance.com/en/trade)
  * [Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/buy-sell-crypto)
  * [Leveraged Tokens](https://www.binance.com/en/leveraged-tokens/tokens/allTokens)
  * [TradingView](https://www.binance.com/en/land/tradingview)
  * [Pay](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/payment)
  * [Academy](https://academy.binance.com/en)
  * [Live](https://www.binance.com/en/live)
  * [Tax](https://www.binance.com/en/tax)
  * [Gift Card](https://www.binance.com/en/gift-card)
  * [Launchpad & Launchpool](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)
  * [Auto-Invest](https://www.binance.com/en/auto-invest)
  * [ETH Staking](https://www.binance.com/en/eth2)
  * [NFT](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/home)
  * [BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/bnb)
  * [BABT](https://www.binance.com/en/BABT?source=footer)
  * [Research](https://www.binance.com/en/research)
  * [Charity](https://www.binance.charity)

### Business

  * [P2P Merchant Application](https://c2c.binance.com/en/merchantApplication)
  * [P2Pro Merchant Application](https://p2p.binance.com/en/p2pro)
  * [Listing Application](https://www.binance.com/en/my/coin-apply)
  * [Institutional & VIP Services](https://www.binance.com/en/vip-institutional-services)
  * [Labs](https://labs.binance.com/)

### Learn

  * [Learn & Earn](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn)
  * [Browse Crypto Prices](https://www.binance.com/en/price)
  * [Bitcoin Price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/bitcoin)
  * [Ethereum Price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/ethereum)
  * [Browse Crypto Price Predictions](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction)
  * [Bitcoin Price Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction/bitcoin)
  * [Ethereum Price Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction/ethereum)
  * [Buy Bitcoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bitcoin)
  * [Buy BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bnb)
  * [Buy Ripple](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/xrp)
  * [Buy Dogecoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/dogecoin)
  * [Buy Ethereum](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/ethereum)
  * [Buy Tradable Altcoins](https://www.binance.com/en/altcoins/tradable)

### Service

  * [Affiliate](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/affiliate)
  * [Referral](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/referral?utm_source=Lite_web_footer)
  * [OTC Trading](https://www.binance.com/en/otc)
  * [Historical Market Data](https://www.binance.com/en/landing/data)
  * [Proof of Reserves](https://www.binance.com/en/proof-of-reserves)

### Support

  * [24/7 Chat Support](https://www.binance.com/en/chat?sourceEntry=4)
  * [Support Center](https://www.binance.com/en/support)
  * [Product Feedback & Suggestions](https://www.binance.com/en/my/user-support/feedback/entry)
  * [Fees](https://www.binance.com/en/fee/schedule)
  * [APIs](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-api)
  * [Binance Verify](https://www.binance.com/en/official-verification)
  * [Trading Rules](https://www.binance.com/en/trade-rule)
  * [Binance Airdrop Portal](https://www.binance.com/en/airdrop)
  * [Law Enforcement Requests](https://www.binance.com/en/support/law-enforcement)

Binance© 2024Cookie Preferences

![Company Logo](https://cdn.cookielaw.org/logos/99f99939-5a0d-4feb-
aef3-ba45f16b6907/5bfb9945-c83c-46f9-8bd7-55e8fd1975b5/02e50907-93f6-477d-a8a2-d581dace49c2/binance-h.png)

## Privacy Preference Center

When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your
browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you,
your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as
you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but
it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your
right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on
the different category headings to find out more and change our default
settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience
of the site and the services we are able to offer.  
[Cookie Policy](https://www.binance.com/en/cookie-privacy)

Allow All

###  Manage Consent Preferences

#### Strictly Necessary Cookies

Always Active

These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched
off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by
you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy
preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block
or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then
work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.

Cookies Details‎

#### Functional Cookies

Functional Cookies

These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and
personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose
services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then
some or all of these services may not function properly.

Cookies Details‎

#### Targeting Cookies

Targeting Cookies

Targeting cookies may be set through our site by ourselves and our advertising
partners. First parties and third parties will use them to build a profile of
your interests based on the browsing information they collect from you, which
includes uniquely identifying your browser and terminal equipment. If you do
not allow these cookies you will still see basic advertising on your browser
that is generic and not based on your interests

Cookies Details‎

#### Performance Cookies

Performance Cookies

These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure
and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are
the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All
information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If
you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our
site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.

Cookies Details‎

Back Button

### Cookie List

Search Icon

Filter Icon

Clear

checkbox label label

Apply Cancel

Consent Leg.Interest

checkbox label label

checkbox label label

checkbox label label

Reject All Confirm My Choices

[![Powered by
Onetrust](https://cdn.cookielaw.org/logos/static/powered_by_logo.svg)](https://www.onetrust.com/products/cookie-
consent/)

