[ New: Wallet recovery made easy with Ledger Recover, provided by Coincover
Get started ](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-recover)

[ ![Ledger Academy](https://www.ledger.com/wp-
content/themes/ledger-v2/public/images/ledger-academy-logo-long.svg)
](https://www.ledger.com/academy "Ledger Academy")

  * [ Shop Ledger ](https://shop.ledger.com/)
  * [ Learn and earn  ](https://quest.ledger.com)
  * [ Search __](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library)
  * [ Crypto Glossary ](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary)
  * Topics
    * [Blockchain](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/blockchain)
    * [Crypto](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/crypto)
    * [DAOs](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/daos)
    * [DeFi](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/defi)
    * [Economics and Regulation](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/economics-and-regulation)
    * [Ledger solutions](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/ledgersolutions)
    * [Metaverse](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/metaverse)
    * [NFTs](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/nfts)
    * [Scams](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/scams)
    * [Security](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/security)
    * [Tutorials](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/tutorials)
  * Series
    * [Enter The Donjon](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/enter-the-donjon)
    * [How I Got Hacked](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/how-i-got-hacked)
    * [Keep Your Crypto Safe](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/get-your-crypto-safe)
    * [Ledger How To's](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/ledger-how-tos)
    * [On The Ledger](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/on-the-ledger)
    * [Reading Room](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/reading-room)
    * [School of Block](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/school-of-block)
  * [Start learning](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-web-30-everything-you-need-to-know)
  * English
    * This page is available in English only

  * The Classroom __
    * A) Welcome to Web3
      * [What is Web 3.0?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-web-30-everything-you-need-to-know "What is Web 3.0?")
      * [What Is Blockchain?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-blockchain "What Is Blockchain?")
      * [Blockchain: Where It Started, Where It’s Going](https://www.ledger.com/academy/blockchain-generations-explained "Blockchain: Where It Started, Where It’s Going")
      * [What Is Cryptocurrency?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-cryptocurrency "What Is Cryptocurrency?")
      * [How Many Cryptocurrencies Are There?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/how-many-cryptos-are-there "How Many Cryptocurrencies Are There?")
    * B) How to secure your crypto
      * [What Is a Private Key?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/whats-a-private-key "What Is a Private Key?")
      * [What Is a Crypto Wallet?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/2-how-to-own-crypto/what-is-a-crypto-wallet "What Is a Crypto Wallet?")
      * [What is a Seed Phrase (Secret Recovery Phrase)?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/2-how-to-own-crypto/whats-a-secret-recovery-phrase "What is a Seed Phrase \(Secret Recovery Phrase\)?")
      * [Crypto Threats: How Crypto Gets Stolen](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/2-how-to-own-crypto/how-crypto-gets-stolen-risks-to-beware-of "Crypto Threats: How Crypto Gets Stolen")
    * C) What is Ledger?
      * [What is Ledger? The Ledger Ecosystem Explained](https://www.ledger.com/academy/ledger-nano-the-safest-way-to-manage-crypto "What is Ledger? The Ledger Ecosystem Explained")
      * [Ledger’s Security Model: How Are Ledger Devices Secured?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/ledgers-ecosystem/why-is-ledger-nano-so-secure "Ledger’s Security Model: How Are Ledger Devices Secured?")
      * [Ledger Live App: Buy, Sell, Stake and Swap Crypto](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/ledgers-ecosystem/ledger-live-app-buying-selling-staking-and-swapping-crypto "Ledger Live App: Buy, Sell, Stake and Swap Crypto")
    * D) Web3 security essentials
      * [Web3 Scams: Common Crypto Scams and How To Avoid Them](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/web3-security-essentials/web3-scams-explained "Web3 Scams: Common Crypto Scams and How To Avoid Them")
      * [Do Your Own Research (DYOR): How to Investigate Crypto Projects](https://www.ledger.com/academy/do-your-own-research-how-to-investigate-crypto-projects "Do Your Own Research \(DYOR\): How to Investigate Crypto Projects")
      * [How to Migrate Your Crypto to Ledger](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/web3-security-essentials/how-to-secure-your-crypto-on-a-ledger-nano "How to Migrate Your Crypto to Ledger")
    * E) Digital Assets Explained
      * [Crypto Coins and Tokens: Their Use-Cases Explained](https://www.ledger.com/academy/crypto/what-is-the-difference-between-coins-and-tokens "Crypto Coins and Tokens: Their Use-Cases Explained")
      * [What Are Stablecoins?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-are-stablecoins "What Are Stablecoins?")
      * [What Are Memecoins?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-are-memecoins "What Are Memecoins?")
      * [Digital Assets Beyond Currency](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/blockchain/digital-assets-beyond-currency-explained "Digital Assets Beyond Currency")
    * F) Blockchain Basics
      * [How Does a Blockchain Transaction Work?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/how-does-a-blockchain-transaction-work "How Does a Blockchain Transaction Work?")
      * [Crypto Nodes: What Are They And How Do They Work?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-a-node-and-why-should-i-operate-one "Crypto Nodes: What Are They And How Do They Work?")
      * [What Is a Mempool?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-a-mempool "What Is a Mempool?")
      * [Consensus Mechanisms: How Blockchains Stay Secure](https://www.ledger.com/academy/consensus-protocols-how-are-blockchains-secure "Consensus Mechanisms: How Blockchains Stay Secure")
    * G) Wallet Knowledge (Leveling Up)
      * [What Is a Software Wallet?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/what-is-a-software-wallet "What Is a Software Wallet?")
      * [What Is a Hardware Wallet?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/crypto-hardware-wallet "What Is a Hardware Wallet?")
      * [What Is a Cold Wallet?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/what-is-a-cold-wallet "What Is a Cold Wallet?")
      * [How To Choose a Crypto Wallet](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/choose-the-best-crypto-wallet-for-you "How To Choose a Crypto Wallet")
    * H) Buy it, Sell it, Swap it, Earn it
      * [Why Use Ledger Live For Payments and Transactions?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/the-power-of-ledger-live "Why Use Ledger Live For Payments and Transactions?")
      * [Buying Crypto Through Ledger Live](https://www.ledger.com/academy/benefits-of-buying-crypto-through-ledger-live "Buying Crypto Through Ledger Live")
      * [How To Swap Your Crypto Securely Via Ledger Live](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/ledgersolutions/ledger-swap-the-most-secure-way-to-exchange-your-crypto "How To Swap Your Crypto Securely Via Ledger Live")
      * [Earn Crypto With Ledger Live: Staking Made Easy](https://www.ledger.com/academy/earn-crypto-with-ledger-live-staking-made-easy "Earn Crypto With Ledger Live: Staking Made Easy")
    * I) Blockchain Sleuthing: Become a Crypto Detective
      * [What is a Blockchain Sleuth?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/what-is-a-blockchain-sleuth "What is a Blockchain Sleuth?")
      * [Top Blockchain Sleuths: How 5 Crypto Detectives Rose To Fame](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/top-blockchain-sleuths "Top Blockchain Sleuths: How 5 Crypto Detectives Rose To Fame")
      * [Through the Eyes of a Sleuth: The Nomad Bridge Hack](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/nomad-bridge-hack "Through the Eyes of a Sleuth: The Nomad Bridge Hack")
      * [Best Tools For Blockchain Detectives](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/blockchain-detective-tools "Best Tools For Blockchain Detectives")
      * [How to Catch Criminals on the Blockchain](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/how-to-catch-crypto-criminals "How to Catch Criminals on the Blockchain")
    * J) Wallet Knowledge II - The Evolution of Crypto Storage
      * [Public Vs Private Keys: Understanding PKC in Crypto](https://www.ledger.com/academy/blockchain/what-are-public-keys-and-private-keys "Public Vs Private Keys: Understanding PKC in Crypto")
      * [BIP-32: Understanding Hierarchical Deterministic Wallets](https://www.ledger.com/academy/crypto/what-are-hierarchical-deterministic-hd-wallets "BIP-32: Understanding Hierarchical Deterministic Wallets")
      * [Understanding BIP-39: The Origin of Your Seed Phrase](https://www.ledger.com/academy/bip-39-the-low-key-guardian-of-your-crypto-freedom "Understanding BIP-39: The Origin of Your Seed Phrase")
      * [How Does A Crypto Wallet Work?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/how-does-a-crypto-wallet-work "How Does A Crypto Wallet Work?")
  * Topics __
    * [Blockchain](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/blockchain "Blockchain")
    * [Crypto](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/crypto "Crypto")
    * [DAOs](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/daos "DAOs")
    * [DeFi](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/defi "DeFi")
    * [Economics and Regulation](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/economics-and-regulation "Economics and Regulation")
    * [Ledger solutions](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/ledgersolutions "Ledger solutions")
    * [Metaverse](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/metaverse "Metaverse")
    * [NFTs](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/nfts "NFTs")
    * [Scams](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/scams "Scams")
    * [Security](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/security "Security")
    * [Tutorials](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/tutorials "Tutorials")
  * Series __
    * [Enter The Donjon](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/enter-the-donjon "Enter The Donjon")
    * [How I Got Hacked](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/how-i-got-hacked "How I Got Hacked")
    * [Keep Your Crypto Safe](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/get-your-crypto-safe "Keep Your Crypto Safe")
    * [Ledger How To's](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/ledger-how-tos "Ledger How To's")
    * [On The Ledger](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/on-the-ledger "On The Ledger")
    * [Reading Room](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/reading-room "Reading Room")
    * [School of Block](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/school-of-block "School of Block")
  * [ Shop Ledger ](https://shop.ledger.com/ "Shop Ledger")
  * [ Learn and earn  ](https://quest.ledger.com "Learn and earn")
  * [ Search __](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library "Search")
  * [ Crypto Glossary ](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary "Crypto Glossary")
  * English
    * This page is available in English only

### Up your Web3 game

## Ledger Academy Quests

  * __ Test your knowledge
  * __ Earn POK NFTs

[Play now](https://quest.ledger.com "Play now") [See all
quests](https://quest.ledger.com/quests "See all quests")

[__](https://www.youtube.com/Ledger "Ledger
Youtube")[__](https://twitter.com/Ledger "Ledger
Twitter")[__](https://www.reddit.com/r/ledgerwallet/ "Ledger
Reddit")[__](https://www.facebook.com/Ledger/ "Ledger
Facebook")[__](https://www.linkedin.com/company/ledgerhq "Ledger LinkedIn")

  * [Ledger Academy ](https://www.ledger.com/academy "Ledger Academy ") __
  * I) Blockchain Sleuthing: Become a Crypto Detective __
  * ... __
  * Through the Eyes of a Sleuth: The Nomad Bridge Hack

The Classroom

PATHWAY I) Blockchain Sleuthing: Become a Crypto Detective

chapter 3/5

# Through the Eyes of a Sleuth: The Nomad Bridge Hack

Dec 5, 2023 | **Updated Dec 7, 2023**

__Read 8 min

Beginner

SHARE

[](https://www.instagram.com/ledger
"Instagram")[](https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?u=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fbasic-
basics%2Fbecome-a-crypto-detective%2Fnomad-bridge-hack
"Facebook")[](http://twitter.com/intent/tweet?via=ledger&text=Through%20the%20Eyes%20of%20a%20Sleuth%3A%20The%20Nomad%20Bridge%20Hack&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fbasic-
basics%2Fbecome-a-crypto-detective%2Fnomad-bridge-hack
"Twitter")[](https://www.linkedin.com/sharing/share-
offsite/?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fbasic-basics%2Fbecome-a-
crypto-detective%2Fnomad-bridge-hack
"Linkedin")[](http://reddit.com/submit?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fbasic-
basics%2Fbecome-a-crypto-detective%2Fnomad-bridge-
hack&title=Through%20the%20Eyes%20of%20a%20Sleuth%3A%20The%20Nomad%20Bridge%20Hack
"Reddit")

![book with pages](https://www.ledger.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/09/11_Classroom_Cover_Orange-1-1024x432.jpg)

_Ready for the next step on your crypto detective journey? Toven from Boring
Security will take you through the Nomad bridge hack; focusing on some of the
first responders and how they attacked the case._

## The Calm Before the Storm

Of the top 5 largest Crypto-related hacks, 4 of them are related to funds
drained from bridges;  protocols that connect two blockchains, allowing users
to transfer assets from one blockchain to another. On August 1, 2022, Nomad
Bridge was hacked, with over $186M drained in just a few hours. Hundreds of
copycats executed transactions based on an initial exploit discovered by black
hat hackers. To put it simply, the Nomad Bridge smart contract was vulnerable
due to a flawed validation process, allowing anyone to withdraw funds when
they input a specific chunk of data.

## The Genesis of the Hack: How it All Began

On a seemingly mundane Monday in August, [Spreekaway noticed a very
interesting transaction on the Nomad
Bridge](https://twitter.com/spreekaway/status/1554219768462426115). Instantly,
this tweet and many others spread like wildfire throughout Crypto Twitter,
with the February Wormhole bridge hack for $320M and Ronin for $615M in March
fresh in people’s minds. Posts like [Vitalik’s notes on a multi-chain
ecosystem](https://x.com/VitalikButerin/status/1479501366192132099) had been
discussed all year long, focusing on the security implications of such
systems.

As Spreekaway tracked down the transactions, a pattern revealed itself:
initial exploiters carefully selected their target, Wrapped BTC, and withdrew
it in batches of 100 wBTC, valued at $2.3M at a time. Millions of dollars in
nominal value were drained within the first 15 minutes of the exploit, and
within an hour, the bridge was**losing $10M every minute**.

### Spreekaway: The First Responder

[Spreekaway](https://twitter.com/spreekaway) graciously accepted Boring
Security’s request for an interview and shared insights into his work. An
independent researcher and consultant whose Twitter account is a gold mine for
near-real-time updates on some of the most notorious on-chain events and
regulatory implications, Spreek is an invaluable resource to the Crypto
community.

During our interview, we asked how he managed to notice the Nomad transactions
so quickly. He replied “I first noticed the Nomad hack from an alert of a
large [transaction] fee paid by one of the people generalized frontrunning it.
[Generalized frontrunning is an automated approach to monitoring blockchain
transactions and attempting to send a transaction similar to ones already
pending and having your transaction executed first.] [I] looked into the
[transaction] saw the abnormal outflows to many different accounts/MEV bots
and realized something was up”

Spreekaway then expanded on the various signs of a potential exploit, saying:
”Some examples of the sorts of things I look for are:

  * Large TVL [Total Value Locked, a DeFi term for the amount of money locked in a specific protocol] 
  * Changes in contracts
  * High gas fees/bribes paid
  * Generalized frontrunning
  * Accounts funded from suspicious sources (especially those that also deploy contracts)
  * Large trades/price changes. 

Automated tools help a lot with keeping track of this, but it is also helpful
to have a network of people on Twitter and in chat groups that also have an
eye out for interesting or unusual activity on-chain.” On that day, Spreek’s
systems helped him keep up with the rapid-fire pace of the hack, allowing him
to post updates on X (Fmr. Twitter) as the event unfolded.

## The Blackhats: Finding the Source

As hackers worldwide joined in the rush to exploit Nomad, other sleuths worked
on finding the root issue. Some looked at the smart contract, some studied the
bridge infrastructure, and yet others theorized about Secret Recovery Phrases
or private key compromises on the bridge deployer wallets. Throughout these
intense few hours, Nomad stakeholders, users, and the community all watched
helplessly, unable to explain or prevent the losses. As sleuths dug into the
transactions at the start of the exploit, a few wallets were tagged as the
original exploiters. It was later discovered that the attackers had planned
their attack at least a day in advance; they tested the vulnerability with
small amounts to ensure their approach would succeed. It was also noted that
these exploiter wallets were funded via Tornado Cash, pointing to the
exploiters being Blackhats with no intent to return funds. [Tornado Cash is a
financial privacy tool intended to keep the source of funds private. TC was
sanctioned by the US Government in 2022 and is currently not legal to use].

## JP Introduces Tornado Cash and Mapping the Chain

Using tools sleuths can recognize patterns in the flow of TornadoCash
transactions related to the attackers. JP, a Tornado Cash expert, discusses
his current work: “I’m up against [Tornado
Cash](https://github.com/tornadocash-community/docs/blob/en/general/how-does-
tornado.cash-work.md), which is pretty daunting, however with a great network,
determination, and a logical approach it is possible to overcome. For example,
during the Beanstalk investigation, we understood the post-withdrawal
behaviors of more than 3,000 wallets and eventually identified a pattern that
came full circle and linked back with other curious transactions from the
protocol.”

JP has a history of thorough research using a [variety of
tools](https://intelligenceonchain.com/tools) to get to the bottom of
incidents.

Here, JP discusses a common process these investigators have to go through,
compiling massive lists of suspected wallets and analyzing each one for
various usage patterns and more, to tie them back to an identity. Tornado Cash
was used to fund the initial Beanstalk exploiter wallets, so an understanding
of pre-exploit behaviors is also critical for investigating these hackers.

JP described his toolset as: “On a day-to-day basis, I find myself using
[MetaSleuth](https://metasleuth.io),
[Breadcrumbs](https://www.breadcrumbs.app), [Debank](https://debank.com), all
of the blockchain explorers, [Arkham
Intelligence](https://www.arkhamintelligence.com) and a huge suite of OSInt
[OSInt is the term used to describe Open Source Intelligence, meaning
information publicly available on the internet] tools, including ‘X’ (formerly
known as Twitter)”

By leveraging a variety of tools with different purposes, JP conducts
investigations based on data from blockchain transactions while gaining a
deeper understanding of the users conducting these exploits.

## The Aftermath: Lessons and Losses

Going back to the Nomad exploit, Nomad later announced a white-hat recovery
address, inviting ethical hackers to return funds drained for a reward. This
program resulted in 17% of stolen funds returned just 6 days after posting.
Then, they hired a risk and compliance firm and began working with law
enforcement to track down blackhats and recover funds. They published their
next steps in a [blog post](https://medium.com/nomad-xyz-blog/the-road-to-
recovery-6abe5eec8ff1): upgrades and audits of their smart contract code.
Nomad also hired Chainalysis for blockchain tracing and identification of the
hackers. [As of their blog post on November 11th](https://medium.com/nomad-
xyz-blog/recovery-wallet-operations-612d7f9644d3), Nomad recovered $38M, or
about 43% of stolen funds.

Commenting on the difficulty of developing secure on-chain contracts,
Spreekaway said: “Developers should assume that even their carefully checked
and audited code will likely have bugs or unintended behavior included. It is
thus very important to design systems that are more robust to things going
wrong. ”

##  The Result: A Sobering Reality

The Nomad Bridge hack was salt in the wound that reverberated across the
crypto landscape, illustrating the intricate vulnerabilities that come with
decentralized financial systems. While the exploit itself was simplistic in
its mechanics—a flawed validation process in the smart contract—it unleashed a
cascade of consequences that were anything but trivial. The insights of
sleuths like Spreekaway provide valuable perspectives, but they also
underscore the sobering reality that these vulnerabilities should never have
existed in the first place. As blockchain technology forges ahead, this
incident stands as a stark reminder of the delicate balance between innovation
and security.

In the battle between whitehat sleuths, blackhat exploiters, and developers
shaping the crypto landscape, Spreekaway’s observations hit home. “[In] the
cat and mouse game between nefarious actors and the people trying to detect
and stop them,” Spreek noted, “it seems that it is a battle the whitehats are
destined to lose in the long run [..] as exploiters become more
sophisticated.” He points to Ethereum Improvement Proposals (EIPs), like the
so-called “circuit breaker EIP”, as potential game-changers in this arena.
[EIP is the term for proposals (Ethereum Improvement Proposals) that set the
standard for the Ethereum chain] Spreek also mentioned the rise of MEV
[Maximum Extractable Value] as an evolving line of defense, stating that “many
security researchers and MEV people are watching everything they do on-chain.”

JP echoed this sentiment but took it a step further. “I’m really looking
forward to seeing MEM pool bots battling it out to prevent exploits.” [The MEM
pool is a public list of pending transactions waiting to be confirmed on-
chain. MEM pool bots attempt to execute these pending transactions before
their intended signer, creating “front-run” transactions.] JP stated,
emphasizing that some, like [BlockSec](https://twitter.com/BlockSecTeam), are
already leading the charge. He lamented the human cost of these attacks,
saying, “Too many scammers are getting away with their malicious actions,
without consequence, whilst […] destroying people to the point where they’re
considering ending their life! That sounds horrible but it is true. The things
that victims go through are terrible and no one hears it! So I’m here to take
a stand.”

## The Importance of Blockchain Sleuths For The Wider Crypto Community

To close out, it’s important to recognize the role of these sleuths as unsung
heroes in the crypto ecosystem. Their vigilance and analytical prowess often
serve as a last line of defense against exploits that can devastate individual
lives and shake the very foundations of DeFi. As we navigate this rapidly
evolving landscape, their work underscores the critical need for constant
vigilance and adaptability in securing a future where innovation and security
can coexist.

_Now you’re clued up about the types of attacks possible, you’re ready to
learn some skills! Keep reading to learn about the types of tools and
practical knowledge you need to fight crypto crime._

**SHARE**

[](https://www.instagram.com/ledger
"Instagram")[](https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?u=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fbasic-
basics%2Fbecome-a-crypto-detective%2Fnomad-bridge-hack
"Facebook")[](http://twitter.com/intent/tweet?via=ledger&text=Through%20the%20Eyes%20of%20a%20Sleuth%3A%20The%20Nomad%20Bridge%20Hack&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fbasic-
basics%2Fbecome-a-crypto-detective%2Fnomad-bridge-hack
"Twitter")[](https://www.linkedin.com/sharing/share-
offsite/?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fbasic-basics%2Fbecome-a-
crypto-detective%2Fnomad-bridge-hack
"Linkedin")[](http://reddit.com/submit?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fbasic-
basics%2Fbecome-a-crypto-detective%2Fnomad-bridge-
hack&title=Through%20the%20Eyes%20of%20a%20Sleuth%3A%20The%20Nomad%20Bridge%20Hack
"Reddit")

[ Next up: Best Tools For Blockchain Detectives
](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-
detective/blockchain-detective-tools "Best Tools For Blockchain Detectives")

  

Related Resources

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/what-is-self-custody-in-
crypto)

[What Is Self-Custody in
Crypto?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/what-is-self-custody-
in-crypto)

__Read

8 min Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/ledgersolutions/how-ledger-hardware-
wallets-work)

[How Ledger Hardware Wallets
Work](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/ledgersolutions/how-ledger-
hardware-wallets-work)

__Read

8 min Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/best-ethereum-wallets)

[The Best Ethereum Wallets in
2024](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/best-ethereum-wallets)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/best-bitcoin-wallets)

[The Best Bitcoin Wallets in
2024](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/best-bitcoin-wallets)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/crypto/what-are-rare-sats-bitcoin-
satoshi-rarity-explained)

[What are Rare Sats? Bitcoin’s Satoshis from Uncommon to
Mythic](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/crypto/what-are-rare-sats-
bitcoin-satoshi-rarity-explained)

__Read

8 min Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/crypto/what-is-the-bitcoin-runes-
protocol)

[What are Bitcoin Runes? About Bitcoin’s Fungible Token
Protocol](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/crypto/what-is-the-bitcoin-
runes-protocol)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/blockchain/byzantine-fault-tolerance-
in-crypto-what-is-it)

[Byzantine Fault Tolerance in Crypto: What Is
It?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/blockchain/byzantine-fault-
tolerance-in-crypto-what-is-it)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-celestia-tia)

[What is Celestia (TIA)?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-celestia-tia)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/defi/sei-network-what-it-is-and-how-
to-use-it)

[Sei Network: What It Is And How To Use
It](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/defi/sei-network-what-it-is-and-how-
to-use-it)

__Read

Beginner

### Stay in touch

Announcements can be found in our blog. Press contact:  
[media@ledger.com](mailto:media@ledger.com)

  * [__](https://www.reddit.com/r/ledgerwallet/ "Ledger Reddit")
  * [__](https://www.facebook.com/Ledger/ "Ledger Facebook")
  * [__](https://www.instagram.com/ledger/ "Ledger Instagram")
  * [__](https://twitter.com/Ledger "Ledger Twitter")
  * [__](https://www.youtube.com/Ledger "Ledger Youtube")
  * [__](https://www.linkedin.com/company/ledgerhq "Ledger Linkedin company")
  * [__](https://www.tiktok.com/@ledger "Ledger Tiktok")
  * [__](https://discord.com/invite/ledger "Ledger Discord")

### Subscribe to our  
newsletter

New coins supported, blog updates and exclusive offers directly in your inbox

  

Enter your email

Register to newsletter

Your email address will only be used to send you our newsletter, as well as
updates and offers. You can unsubscribe at any time using the link included in
the newsletter.

[Learn more about how we manage your data and your
rights.](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/privacy-notice#ledger-newsletter)

__

[![](https://www.ledger.com/wp-content/themes/ledger-v2/public/images/ledger-
logo-long.svg)](https://www.ledger.com "Ledger")

  * English
    * This page is available in English only

Copyright © Ledger SAS. All rights reserved. Ledger, Ledger Stax, Ledger Nano
S, Ledger Vault, Bolos are trademarks owned by Ledger SAS.  
  
1 rue du Mail, 75002 Paris, France  
  
Payment methods  
![](/wp-content/uploads/2021/11/logo-paypal-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-crypto-s.png?v=6)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-bitpay-s.png?v=6)  
![](/wp-content/uploads/2021/11/layer1.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-visa-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-maestro-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-mastercard-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-cb-s.png?v=2)

  * Products
    * [Ledger Stax](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-stax)
    * [Ledger Nano X](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-nano-x)
    * [Ledger Nano S Plus](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-nano-s-plus)
    * [Compare our devices](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/hardware-wallets-comparison)
    * [Bundles](https://shop.ledger.com/#category-bundle)
    * [Accessories](https://shop.ledger.com/#category-accessories)
    * [All products](https://shop.ledger.com)
    * [Downloads](https://www.ledger.com/ledger-live)

  * Crypto Assets
    * [Bitcoin wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/bitcoin)
    * [Ethereum wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/ethereum)
    * [Cardano wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/cardano)
    * [XRP wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/ripple)
    * [Monero wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/monero)
    * [USDT wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/tether)
    * [See all assets](https://www.ledger.com/supported-crypto-assets)

  * Crypto Services
    * [Crypto Prices](https://www.ledger.com/coin/price)
    * [Buy crypto](https://www.ledger.com/buy)
    * [Staking crypto](https://www.ledger.com/staking)
    * [Swap crypto](https://www.ledger.com/swap)

  * For Business
    * [Ledger Enterprise Solutions](https://enterprise.ledger.com/)

  * For Startups
    * [Funding from Ledger Cathay Capital](https://www.ledger.com/cathay-ledger-fund)

  * For Developers
    * [The Developer Portal](https://developers.ledger.com/)

  * Get started
    * [Start using your Ledger device](https://www.ledger.com/start)
    * [Compatible wallets and services](https://www.ledger.com/ledger-wallets-and-services)
    * [How to buy Bitcoin](https://www.ledger.com/buy-bitcoin)
    * [Guide before buying bitcoin](https://www.ledger.com/buy-bitcoin/how)
    * [Bitcoin Hardware Wallet](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/bitcoin-hardware-wallet)

  * See also
    * [Support](https://support.ledger.com/hc)
    * [Bounty program](https://donjon.ledger.com/bounty/)
    * [Resellers](/reseller)
    * [Ledger Press Kit](https://www.ledger.com/press)
    * [Affiliates](https://www.ledgerwallet.com/affiliates/)
    * [Status](https://status.ledger.com/)
    * [Partners](/partners)

  * Careers
    * [Join us](https://www.ledger.com/career)
    * [All jobs](https://www.ledger.com/jobs)

  * About
    * [Our vision](https://www.ledger.com/blog/we-are-ledger-a-brand-vision)
    * [Ledger Academy](https://www.ledger.com/academy)
    * [The company](/the-company)
    * [The people](/the-people-behind-ledger)
    * [Diversity](https://www.ledger.com/diversity)
    * [Blog](/blog)

  * Legal
    * [Legal Center](https://www.ledger.com/legal-center)
    * [Sales Terms and Conditions](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/terms-and-conditions)
    * [Privacy Policy](https://www.ledger.com/privacy-policy)
    * [Disclaimers](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/disclaimers)

![](https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=237213137153741&ev=PageView&noscript=1)

## Your Cookies preferences !

We use cookies to analyse the traffic on our site, enhance your experience and
deliver marketing contents that are relevant to your interests. Please note
that you can change your cookie settings and withdraw your consent at any time
from our[Cookie Policy](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/cookie-policy)

Reject All Accept All

Cookies Settings

![Ledger Logo](https://cdn.cookielaw.org/logos/df21fb3f-71b8-491b-89ee-
eb777bcaf866/56e0a676-5d93-4a14-bfc7-7a2d75f2b993/15ffac82-5822-4def-b3b3-a595598861a2/White_64.png)

## Privacy Preference Center

  * ### Your Privacy

  * ### Strictly Necessary Cookies

  * ### Performance Cookies

  * ### Functional Cookies

  * ### Targeting Cookies

  * ### Social Media Cookies

#### Your Privacy

When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your
browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you,
your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as
you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but
it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your
right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on
the different category headings to find out more and change our default
settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience
of the site and the services we are able to offer.  
[More information](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/cookie-policy)

#### Strictly Necessary Cookies

Always Active

These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched
off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by
you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy
preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block
or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then
work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.

View Vendor Details‎

#### Performance Cookies

Performance Cookies

These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure
and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are
the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All
information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If
you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our
site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.

View Vendor Details‎

#### Functional Cookies

Functional Cookies

These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and
personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose
services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then
some or all of these services may not function properly.

View Vendor Details‎

#### Targeting Cookies

Targeting Cookies

These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They
may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show
you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal
information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet
device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted
advertising.

View Vendor Details‎

#### Social Media Cookies

Social Media Cookies

These cookies are set by a range of social media services that we have added
to the site to enable you to share our content with your friends and networks.
They are capable of tracking your browser across other sites and building up a
profile of your interests. This may impact the content and messages you see on
other websites you visit. If you do not allow these cookies you may not be
able to use or see these sharing tools.

View Vendor Details‎

Back Button

### Vendors List

Filter Button

Consent Leg.Interest

checkbox label label

checkbox label label

checkbox label label

Clear

checkbox label label

Apply Cancel

Confirm My Choices

Allow All

[![Powered by
Onetrust](https://cdn.cookielaw.org/logos/static/powered_by_logo.svg)](https://www.onetrust.com/products/cookie-
consent/)

