Skip to main content

[](/en/)

  * Learn
  * Use
  * Build
  * Participate
  * Research

Search```K`

Languages EN

  1. [Home](/en/)/
  2. [Ethereum roadmap](/en/roadmap/)/
  3. [User experience](/en/roadmap/user-experience/)

# Improving user experience

It is still too complex to use Ethereum for most people. To encourage mass
adoption, Ethereum must drastically lower its barriers to entry - users must
get the benefits of decentralized, permissionless and censorship resistant
access to Ethereum but it must be as frictionless as using a traditional web2
app.

On this page

  * Beyond seed phrases
  * Nodes for everyone
  * Current progress

![Ethereum roadmap](/_next/image/?url=%2Froadmap%2Froadmap-ux.png&w=1920&q=75)

Roadmap Options

[Roadmap home](/en/roadmap/)[Better
security](/en/roadmap/security/)[Scaling](/en/roadmap/scaling/)[Better user
experience](/en/roadmap/user-experience/)[Future-proofing](/en/roadmap/future-
proofing/)

## On this page

  * Beyond seed phrases
  * Nodes for everyone
  * Current progress

**Using Ethereum needs to be simplified** ; from managing _keys_ and _wallets_
to initiating transactions. To facilitate mass adoption, Ethereum must
drastically increase the ease of use, allowing users to experience
permissionless and censorship-resistant access to Ethereum with the
frictionless experience of using _Web2_ apps.

## Beyond seed phrases

Ethereum accounts are protected by a pair of keys used to identify accounts
(public key) and sign messages (private key). A private key is like a master
password; it allows complete access to an Ethereum account. This is a
different way of operating for people more familiar with banks and Web2 apps
which manage accounts on a user's behalf. For Ethereum to reach mass adoption
without relying on centralized third parties, there must be a straightforward,
frictionless way for a user to take custody of their assets and keep control
of their data without having to understand public-private key cryptography and
key management.

The solution to this is using _smart contract_ wallets to interact with
Ethereum. Smart contract wallets create ways to protect accounts if the keys
are lost or stolen, opportunities for better fraud detection and defense, and
allow wallets to get new functionality. Although smart contract wallets exist
today, they are awkward to build because the Ethereum protocol needs to
support them better. This additional support is known as account abstraction.

[More on account abstraction](/en/roadmap/account-abstraction/)

## Nodes for everyone

Users running _nodes_ do not have to trust third parties to provide them with
data, and they can interact quickly, privately, and permissionlessly with the
Ethereum _blockchain_. However, running a node right now requires technical
knowledge and substantial disk space, meaning many people must trust
intermediaries instead.

There are several upgrades that will make running nodes far easier and far
less resource intensive. The way data is stored will be changed to use a more
space-efficient structure known as a **Verkle Tree**. Also, with
[statelessness](/en/roadmap/statelessness/) or [data
expiry](/en/roadmap/statelessness/#data-expiry), Ethereum nodes will not need
to store a copy of the entire Ethereum state data, drastically reducing hard
disk space requirements. [Light nodes](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-
clients/light-clients/) will offer many benefits of running a full node but
can run easily on mobile phones or inside simple browser apps.

[Read about Verkle trees](/en/roadmap/verkle-trees/)

With these upgrades, the barriers to running a node are reduced to effectively
zero. Users will benefit from secure, permissionless access to Ethereum
without having to sacrifice noticeable disk space or CPU on their computer or
mobile phone, and will not have to rely on third parties for data or network
access when they use apps.

## Current progress

Smart contract wallets are already available, but more upgrades are required
to make them as decentralized and permissionless as possible. EIP-4337 is a
mature proposal that does not require any changes to Ethereum's protocol. The
main smart contract required for EIP-4337 was **deployed in March 2023**.

**Full statelessness is still in the research phase** and is likely several
years away from being implemented. There are several milestones on the road to
full statelessness, including data expiry, that may be implemented sooner.
Other roadmap items, such as [Verkle Trees](/en/roadmap/verkle-trees/) and
[Proposer-builder separation](/en/roadmap/pbs/) need to be completed first.

Verkle tree testnets are already up and running, and the next phase is running
Verkle-tree enabled clients on private, then public testnets. You can help
accelerate progress by deploying contracts to the testnets or running testnet
clients.

### Was this page helpful?

YesNo

Roadmap Options

[Roadmap home](/en/roadmap/)[Better
security](/en/roadmap/security/)[Scaling](/en/roadmap/scaling/)[Better user
experience](/en/roadmap/user-experience/)[Future-proofing](/en/roadmap/future-
proofing/)

Website last updated: May 22, 2024

[(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/ethereum/ethereum-org-
website)[(opens in a new tab)](https://twitter.com/ethdotorg)[(opens in a new
tab)](https://discord.gg/ethereum-org)

### Learn

  * [Learn Hub](/en/learn/)
  * [What is Ethereum?](/en/what-is-ethereum/)
  * [What is ether (ETH)?](/en/eth/)
  * [Ethereum wallets](/en/wallets/)
  * [What is Web3?](/en/web3/)
  * [Smart contracts](/en/smart-contracts/)
  * [Gas fees](/en/gas/)
  * [Run a node](/en/run-a-node/)
  * [Ethereum security and scam prevention](/en/security/)
  * [Quiz Hub](/en/quizzes/)
  * [Ethereum glossary](/en/glossary/)

### Use

  * [Guides](/en/guides/)
  * [Choose your wallet](/en/wallets/find-wallet/)
  * [Get ETH](/en/get-eth/)
  * [Dapps - Decentralized applications](/en/dapps/)
  * [Stablecoins](/en/stablecoins/)
  * [NFTs - Non-fungible tokens](/en/nft/)
  * [DeFi - Decentralized finance](/en/defi/)
  * [DAOs - Decentralized autonomous organizations](/en/dao/)
  * [Decentralized identity](/en/decentralized-identity/)
  * [Stake ETH](/en/staking/)
  * [Layer 2](/en/layer-2/)

### Build

  * [Builder's home](/en/developers/)
  * [Tutorials](/en/developers/tutorials/)
  * [Documentation](/en/developers/docs/)
  * [Learn by coding](/en/developers/learning-tools/)
  * [Set up local environment](/en/developers/local-environment/)
  * [Grants](/en/community/grants/)
  * [Foundational topics](/en/developers/docs/intro-to-ethereum/)
  * [UX/UI design fundamentals](/en/developers/docs/design-and-ux/)
  * [Enterprise - Mainnet Ethereum](/en/enterprise/)
  * [Enterprise - Private Ethereum](/en/enterprise/private-ethereum/)

### Participate

  * [Community hub](/en/community/)
  * [Online communities](/en/community/online/)
  * [Ethereum events](/en/community/events/)
  * [Contributing to ethereum.org](/en/contributing/)
  * [Translation Program](/en/contributing/translation-program/)
  * [Ethereum bug bounty program](/en/bug-bounty/)
  * [Ethereum Foundation](/en/foundation/)
  * [Ethereum Foundation Blog(opens in a new tab)](https://blog.ethereum.org/)
  * [Ecosystem Support Program(opens in a new tab)](https://esp.ethereum.foundation)
  * [Devcon(opens in a new tab)](https://devcon.org/)

### Research

  * [Ethereum Whitepaper](/en/whitepaper/)
  * [Ethereum roadmap](/en/roadmap/)
  * [Improved security](/en/roadmap/security/)
  * [Technical history of Ethereum](/en/history/)
  * [Open research](/en/community/research/)
  * [Ethereum Improvement Proposals](/en/eips/)
  * [Ethereum governance](/en/governance/)

  * [About us](/en/about/)
  * [Ethereum brand assets](/en/assets/)
  * [Code of conduct](/en/community/code-of-conduct/)
  * [Jobs](/en/about/#open-jobs)
  * [Privacy policy](/en/privacy-policy/)
  * [Terms of use](/en/terms-of-use/)
  * [Cookie policy](/en/cookie-policy/)
  * [Press Contact(opens in a new tab)](mailto:press@ethereum.org)

Is this page helpful?

### Key

In the context of Ethereum, keys are digital codes: a public key for receiving
transactions and a private key for accessing and sending funds.

### Wallet

A wallet is a digital tool to store, send, and receive digital currency, like
a virtual purse for your online money. [More on Ethereum
wallets](/en/wallets/).

### Web2

Is the current internet, focused on user-generated content and social media
that are controlled by few companies. Web3 is a crypto belief that users
should control their data and transactions instead.

### Smart contract

A smart contract is a program that automatically executes agreements on a
blockchain, like a self-enforcing digital contract. [Introduction to smart
contracts](/en/smart-contracts/).

### Node

A software client that participates in the network. [More on nodes and
clients](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/).

### Blockchain

A blockchain is a database of transactions, duplicated and shared on all
computers in the network, ensuring data cannot be altered retroactively.

