s m a r t

w a l l e t s

a t

l i g h t s p e e d

[Squads](../)

[Protocol](../protocol)

[Extension](../extension)

[Use Cases](../use-cases)

[About](https://www.sqds.io/)

[Blog](../blog)

[](../)

Get started

# Why Custody your Assets on Solana

Mar 1, 2023

![Custody Manage Assets on Solana The Best Blockchain To Store Cryptos Squads
Multisig Wallet Platform Solana
Custody](https://framerusercontent.com/images/L9yzejcvHZx79igT3YCxyfyI.png)

**TL;DR**

  * Solana currently has the highest number of transactions per second among any blockchain, thanks to unique technology that is unseen elsewhere. Its fast network allows for near-instant trades with almost no gas fees.

  * While Solana's core engineers have focused a lot on innovation and speed over the last year, stability and robustness of the network are now the main priorities for 2023.

  * Firedancer is a second Solana client validator built by Jump that will enable the network to continue to operate even if an issue arises in the main validator client.

  * Solana has a Nakamoto coefficient of 30, making it one of the most decentralized and censorship-resistant Layer 1s.

  * The Solana ecosystem has one of the most active communities of developers and users across all blockchains, enabling innovative NFT and DeFi products.  
  

When it comes to crypto self-custody, a main concern commonly shared is the
secure storage and management of private keys. However, another crucial aspect
of self-custody that is not often emphasized, yet is just as important, is the
choice of a blockchain for managing crypto assets.

It is essential to carefully evaluate factors such as transaction speed,
decentralization, security, liquidity, and available products before selecting
a crypto network to hold assets in. Being limited on a less favorable crypto
network by not having the freedom to freely transfer funds, hedge positions,
or access opportunities is not the experience that users should have.

Among the various blockchains available, one is uniquely positioned as
offering the best features for users seeking to hold their cryptos on a
decentralized network: Solana.

## The Solana Network

Whether it is its technology offering high transaction speeds, its diversified
ecosystem of financial products, or its distinctive user-centric experience,
Solana has numerous attributes making it a superior choice to custody assets
on it, the first one being its lightning fast network.

While in 2021 claiming to be the fastest Layer 1 in the world was a common
thing to say, Solana has differentiated itself by actively moving towards its
aim of being a âblockchain at NASDAQ speedâ, with currently around 4,000
consistent transactions per second.

![Solana TPS transactions per second compared to other blockchains Solana
network status down issues network
health](https://framerusercontent.com/images/jf6WKT0hBdlyNOdHiEASpYH8FdY.png)

_Solanaâs TPS have steadily increased in 2023, nearly 4,000 to
date._[_Source_](https://dune.com/queries/1383050/2352024) _._

Solana is the only blockchain in 2023 reaching these numbers. Although it is
true that a majority of transactions executed concern consensus votes,
Solanaâs non-vote TPS are still near 300-400 when no other blockchain is
currently close to performing this level of speed. The closest network to
Solana in terms of throughput is Polygon, with around [35 transactions per
second](https://ethtps.info/).

Proof of History (PoH), Sealevel, and Tower BFT are some of the Solanaâs
underlying technologies that enable the network to scale transactions and be
the fastest crypto blockchain. These pillars of innovation offer various
advantages to users managing their assets on the network:

  * Near **instant transaction times** , ~[400 milliseconds](https://dune.com/queries/1383046/2352016)

  * Extremely **low transaction fees** , ~$0.001 for a swap

  * **High scalability** , as the network can handle thousands of transactions per second.

For instance, holding crypto assets on a fast blockchain like Solana can
minimize the risks of trades being executed at bad prices, as transactions are
executed almost instantly in milliseconds. It also allows making trades faster
and more efficiently, potentially increasing profits for users.

On the other side, speed reduce the risks of lost opportunities or financial
losses that can be caused by transaction delays or failures. All these
benefits related to the incredible networkâs speed provide a competitive
edge over slower blockchains to Solana users, such as traders or institutions.

## Antifragile Scalability

In addition to being extremely fast, the Solana blockchain is built in such a
way that it improves as the hardware used by its validators upgrade, allowing
it to gradually scale up to higher throughput to handle more transactions per
second.

This, combined with continuous core technology improvements and updates from
contributors and the community, enables the Solana network to grow and always
be able to onboard more users as it scales, making it a first choice as a
blockchain for custodying assets.

![Solana vs Ethereum Daily Transactions Active Users Blockchain Networks
Ethereum Polygon Solana Daily Transactions Chart Per Day Fee
Speed](https://framerusercontent.com/images/xe4xHzN57WU21ZS067Rj3PqEhI.png)

_Solana is the only live chain capable of handling +20 million transactions
per day with 4,000 TPS._[_Source_](https://www.gokustats.xyz/dashboard) _._

However, when the hardware is unable to keep pace, Solana must still possess
the ability to accommodate thousands of additional users and transactions,
otherwise the benefits of having assets on the network would not hold.
Fortunately, the network is extremely well-supported by contributors and
community developers that are improving it relentlessly.

We have seen in 2022 outages and downtimes on Solana, and while these
incidents were unfortunate, direct actions have been taken to address these
issues and implement measures to prevent future occurrences.

Additionally, while Solana's blockchain development has been primarily led by
Solana Labs/Foundation over the past years, there are now other teams that are
contributing to the development of validator clients for Solana, such as [Jito
Labs](https://www.jito.wtf/) and Jump Crypto, pushing the network further.

Firedancer, a second Solana client validator built by [Jump
Crypto](https://www.jumptrading.com/), will enable users to run their
validators using one of two different software packages with independent
dependencies. Moreover, Firedancer has demonstrated exceptional performance,
achieving a processing capacity of 600,000 TPS (!) in a test environment. This
further highlights the scalability of Solana and its ability to handle large
volumes of transactions in a fast and efficient manner.

Firedancer will be highly beneficial for the Solana network. By having
multiple validator clients, if an issue arises in one of them, the network can
continue to operate through the other, enhancing the reliability and
decentralization of Solana. It will also make Solana the only other smart
contract network besides Ethereum to have more than one independent validator
client.

And speaking of decentralization, everything is showing that Solana is doing
well as a distributed network.

## How Solana is Decentralized and Secure

Any blockchain network could potentially achieve near-instant transactions
execution by sacrificing decentralization. This is another factor where Solana
stands out, as it is currently able to process 4,000 TPS, while having one of
the highest numbers of validators among other decentralized networks, as well
as a strong resistance to censorship.

When making the decision to hold assets on a blockchain, it is important to
consider the decentralization and security of the network. No one wants to be
unable to withdraw, sell, or even access their assets. If validators are
located too closely together, they can pose a risk to the network and its
users in the event of an incident. This is why it is important for validators
to be numerous and geographically distributed.

Solana currently has a healthy amount of [+2,000
validators](https://solanabeach.io/validators), whereas blockchains like
Cosmos Hub or Polygon have [less than
200](https://chainparrot.com/blockchains-by-number-of-nodes.html) validators.
Besides being numerous, Solana's validators are scattered across +10
countries. Although this is not ideal yet, it is actually superior to the
geographic distribution of stake by country of networks like Ethereum or
[Avalanche](https://avascan.info/stats/staking).

![solana-decentralization-vs-ethereum-is-solana-decentralized-how-many-
validators-ethereum-staking-nakamato-coefficient-
decentralization](https://framerusercontent.com/images/E7FX2W8E9DoOoZWTpbbOOX2ohgk.png)

_Solana and Ethereum Geographic Distribution of Stake by Country Source_[
_1_](https://www.validators.app/)
_;_[_2_](https://www.ethernodes.org/countries) _._

The validators of a blockchain should not be located in the same country, as
it could leave the network and its associated projects vulnerable to the
regulations of that country. If a blockchain network is not well distributed,
this can have negative consequences for users if validators have to shut down
or follow restrictive laws, such as loss of access to their products or the
ability to use their funds.

Regarding how are distributed the staked tokens between validators, Solana has
a Nakamoto coefficient of 30, making it one of the hardest networks to collude
alongside Avalanche and Polkadot. Ethereum 2.0, on the other hand, only has a
coefficient of 2, due to Lido and Coinbase being the [two largest stakers of
Ethereum](https://decrypt.co/109901/big-firms-dominate-post-merge-ethereum-
validation).

## Its Diversity of Financial Products and Projects

Beyond its speed and security, the Solanaâs performant infrastructure makes
possible the creation of unique decentralized financial products, unseen
elsewhere, and close to what is possible in traditional finance. This gives
another competitive advantage to Solana users, as they are able to access new
forms of yield to get the most of their assets.

In addition, Solana also has a well-developed ecosystem with a diverse range
of projects and one of the highest active community of developers among
crypto, providing more options for individuals and companies managing assets
on it.

### Solana Technology Enables Unique Yield Opportunities

Apart from having access to a variety of DeFi primitives such as lending,
borrowing and leverage, the Solana ecosystem has also seen the emergence of
new decentralized financial products, including order book (CLOB),
concentrated liquidity, high-performance trading, leveraged yield farming, or
even prediction markets.

![credix-real-world-assets-solana-rwa-partnership-uxd-solana-stablecoin-rwa-
yield](https://framerusercontent.com/images/J1HZ9XP7yzKDVPBmZ1JGpSwHUs.png)

_UXD, a decentralized solana stablecoin, has recently announced a partnership
with Credix to collateralize UXD with real-world
assets._[_Source_](https://medium.com/credix/strengthening-the-uxd-stablecoin-
with-real-world-assets-76c893b78563) _._

Institutions and high net worth users can also access a wide range of
investment opportunities on Solana that are similar to traditional finance
products. One such example is [Credix Finance](https://solana.com/news/case-
study-credix), a decentralized credit marketplace that connects institutional
investors with FinTechs in emerging markets by offering over-collateralized
structured debt facilities on Solana. Other platforms such as Friktion, Zeta,
PsyOptions, are also offering various on-chain crypto derivatives and
structured products.

In terms of unique decentralized financial products, Solana has seen many
emerge in the last year alone:

  * **OpenBook** , **Ellipsis** : Market makers can provide liquidity on a decentralized order book and earn fees from trades.

  * **Kamino** : Users can earn trading fees from swaps with automated concentrated liquidity management vaults.

  * **Drift** , **Zeta** : Traders can leverage BTC, ETH, SOL on a decentralized perpetual futures exchange, instead of storing their assets on a central entity like FTX.

  * **Tulip** , **Francium** : Yield farmers can increase their exposure with leverage, and long, short, or be delta-neutral on any coin that has liquidity on an AMM pool on Solana.

  * **Props** : Users can bet on a decentralized sports exchange powered by liquidity pools.

Composability is another strong feature of Solana, as it gives projects and
users the possibility to compose on top of other products through Solanaâs
low fees and high-speed transactions. Protocols like
[Kamino](https://kamino.finance/), [Atrix](https://www.atrix.finance/),
[Tulip](https://tulip.garden/), [Meteora](https://vaults.mercurial.finance/)
would not be able to offer their products to users from other blockchains, as
those networks have non-performant underlying technologies that bring slow
transactions or unsustainable transaction fees.

![solana composability examples explained solana ecosystem products
transaction fees solana
network](https://framerusercontent.com/images/D6BxIVBmfRuShJBfbo9CQhFFddE.png)

_This is what Solana makes possible, while spending less than $1 in
transaction
fees._[_Source_](https://twitter.com/y2kappa/status/1577138536608071681) _._

As well as having unique DeFi products, Solanaâs composability creates
unique opportunities and new strategies for users that want to maximize their
yield.

Solana is also one of the largest blockchains where there are the [most USDC
natively minted](https://usdc.cool/), offering great liquidity for users who
prefer not to hold long positions. Additionally, this eliminates the risks
associated with bridged assets other chains can have, such as Polygon or
Arbitrum, which can be vulnerable to hacking and result in the loss of value
for bridged USDC.

Users that custody their assets on Solana can thus diversify their portfolio
strategies, generate new revenue streams, access new markets and investments
opportunities unavailable elsewhere. All of this by reducing the need for
intermediaries they have in traditional finance, increasing efficiency and
reducing costs.

### A Growing Ecosystem with A Vibrant Community

Solana holds a unique technology for institution-grade financial applications,
whether it is derivatives, structured products, high-performance trading, that
arenât possible on any other current live blockchain. But it is not just
about the products themselves, the teams behind them are well experienced as
well to develop them.

Solana founders often have a background in traditional finance and trading,
which gives them a strong foundation to create innovative decentralized
financial products and infrastructure well suited for the blockchain.

![delphi-digital-solana-best-teams-tradfi-htf-web2-crypto-teams-on-solana-
serious-
experienced](https://framerusercontent.com/images/gil6nudKdc56Foj66NEFpx2cZFE.png)

_JosÃ© Macedo, Partner at Delphi Digital, talking about the talents building
on
Solana._[_Source_](https://twitter.com/ZeMariaMacedo/status/1589589840500523008)
_._

And even in this bear market that the whole crypto industry is facing, there
is still a significant community of developers building on the Solana
ecosystem, showing an optimistic future for its users.

Across all the blockchains, Solana has the highest number of active
developers, with [more than 2,000 total
developers](https://twitter.com/solana/status/1615398642717687842?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw%7Ctwcamp%5Etweetembed&ref_url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.notion.so%2Fthomaslefort%2FFinal-
version-Why-you-should-choose-the-Solana-blockchain-to-custody-your-
assets-1-5eeb27c5a1fc4e6e853cf1b7b169cfbf) at the end of 2022, in second
position after Ethereum. The total number of developers on Solana [has grown
more than 10x since
2018](https://twitter.com/rajgokal/status/1615578669006860288?s=20&t=OYU5uCIQdBhZ3sDSwbjGTw),
more than any other blockchain to date.

![solana-blockchain-most-active-developers-rust-dev-crypto-development-
blockchain-engineer-solana-
developers](https://framerusercontent.com/images/RzG3Wb01uyX4BhpjJnhqtoXVAXU.png)

The ecosystem is also moving towards a more [open-source
culture](https://twitter.com/therealchaseeb/status/1615406724231593986), as
more and more major Solana DeFi projects are making their code publicly
available. By moving towards greater transparency with more protocols sharing
their code, users are able to trust the code rather than the individuals
behind it, which enhances security. It enables anyone to deploy more safely
their funds on a Solana protocol, as they can independently verify it through
its code.

But what good is a technologically advanced and diversified ecosystem
blockchain if it lacks a user-friendly experience? A positive user experience
is crucial for usage of the blockchain and its products, as users may have to
interact frequently with their assets on the network. The third strongest
benefit of custodying asset on Solana is precisely its unmatched user-
experience.

## Unparalleled User Experience

Lastly, through its cutting-edge technology, Solana is capable of providing
one of the most user-friendly products in the crypto space. By offering easy-
to-use crypto products, Solana users can easily manage their assets, avoiding
missed opportunities or financial losses.

With features such as localized fee markets, users do not have to wait on fees
to drop to send through their transaction. As Solana handles thousands of
transaction per second, congestion are less supposed to happen, and users
wonât have to skip a buy or sell order.

Furthermore, the availability of user-friendly wallets and mobile apps such as
Phantom, Glow, Ultimate, Solflare and Backpack, makes it easy for users to
manage their assets without needing to be crypto experts about Solanaâs
technology. For example, Solflare has just implemented [automatic priority
fees](https://twitter.com/solflare_wallet/status/1615042381736206337?s=20&t=bxOxlC_y133_IcNzvY89ow)
on their wallet, allowing users' transactions to be processed faster during
times of high network usage without any additional action required from the
user.

Depositing and withdrawing funds on Solana is also straightforward. Users have
various options to purchase USDC, such as using their credit card through
[Stripe](https://twitter.com/glowwallet/status/1598372852310441986) or
[MoonPay](https://www.moonpay.com/) directly on their wallet, or by using
major exchanges like Coinbase, Kraken, and Binance to deposit or withdraw USDC
directly with the Solana SPL network. Additionally,
[Wormhole](https://wormhole.com/) provides a decentralized way for
transferring funds between Solana and other major chains, such as Polygon,
Ethereum, and Binance Smart Chain, without the need for users to do a KYC.

Solanaâs great technology makes users forget they are, in fact, using a
blockchain. With Web2 products, users are not accustomed to paying high fees
or experiencing delays for transactions. Unlike other chains, Solana provides
a smooth and seamless experience, with a vast range of products and services
that are not disadvantaged by slowness or expensive fees.

Users can focus on the aspects that are important to them, such as managing
assets, accessing new financial opportunities, buying and selling cryptos in
an easy way, similar to the experience of traditional exchanges and web2
products.

![solana-user-experience-blockchain-for-everyone-low-fees-fast-transactions-
daily-active-
users](https://framerusercontent.com/images/HmIlezIJniBoSFiIScnI4I1mEw0.png)

The users on Solana can access the same experience, with the added benefit of
a decentralized network that does not rely on a central authority, is
censorship resistant to regulations, and does not require identity
verification to be used.

## Conclusion

Solana has reached a level of scalability unmatched on any other blockchains,
giving users access to unique products and opportunities, bridging the gap
between DeFi and traditional finance. Every choice comes with its own set of
trade-offs, but it's important to consider the full range of options available
when custodying crypto assets.

It is no surprise that major financial institutions such as Jump Crypto are
heavily investing in Solana by building infrastructure to improve it even
further. They recognize the current benefits of Solana and its potential for
further scalability. And with more than 2000 validators and a Nakamoto
coefficient of 30, it would be difficult for any country to shut down the
network, providing a level of security and protection for users' assets,
compared to networks with a few hundred validators.

Despite the current market conditions causing some investors to adopt a
cautious approach, the advantages of utilizing a blockchain network like
Solana for custodying assets is difficult to ignore. Solana's cutting-edge
technology allows for high-speed trading, akin to what is typically seen on
centralized exchanges or in traditional finance, which is quite noteworthy for
a decentralized network.

Users who opt to store their crypto on a different blockchain may be missing
out on the potential advantages and benefits of holding their assets on
Solana, whether it is investment opportunities, user experience, or security.

  

_Note: On February 25, an issue occured after the 1.14 network upgrade,
impacting the network's speed and usability. This outage has not been taken
lightly, and Anatoly Yakovenko, Solana's founder,_[_publicly shared his
plans_](https://twitter.com/aeyakovenko/status/1630802684801617920?s=46&t=iFaUunsHdca8O_CN3NINJw)
_to prevent this unstability to happen again in the future. As mentioned
earlier, the new Solana client validator built by Firedancer will also make it
unlikely for this kind of event to arise again, thus reinforcing the network's
robustness._

  

### About Squads

Squads is a crypto company operations platform that simplifies management of
developer and treasury assets for teams building on Solana and SVM. Open
source, formally verified, immutable, audited by Neodyme and OtterSec, Squads
enables teams to secure their treasuries, programs, validators, tokens in a
multisig and jointly manage them.  
  

**Learn more**

 _Squads platform:  _[_https://v3.squads.so/_](https://v3.squads.so/)_  
Read the documentation:
_[_https://docs.squads.so/squads-v3-docs/_](https://docs.squads.so/squads-v3-docs/)_  
Review the code:  _[_https://github.com/Squads-Protocol/squads-
mpl_](https://github.com/Squads-Protocol/squads-mpl) _  
Join the community:
_[_https://discord.com/invite/tYpY9UfRFx_](https://discord.com/invite/tYpY9UfRFx)

  

Continue reading

[![Smart Account
Basics](https://framerusercontent.com/images/HXRhLfdkpXz0YDKXQQ8LnjSJI.png)Smart
Account Basics: Why Smart Accounts Will Power the Onchain EconomyMay 22,
2024](./smart-account-basics-why-smart-accounts-will-power-the-onchain-
economy)[![mpc-wallet-multi-party-computation-fireblocks-institutional-wallet-
coinbase-copper-fordefi-mpc-technology-solana-mpc-
multisig](https://framerusercontent.com/images/L6llWmB3jCRHqkDk74lbrYhhlQ.png)Multisig
vs MPCJuly 31, 2023](./mpc-wallets-risks-vs-multisig)[![account-abstraction-
use-cases-smart-contract-wallet-solana-ethereum-account-abstraction-eip-
erc-4337-applications-use-cases-solana-
pda](https://framerusercontent.com/images/O8JVEriGowPcPDjADPC3ErE7W00.png)Exploring
Account Abstraction Use CasesApril 5, 2023](./account-abstraction-use-cases)

[](../)

All rights reserved

Â© Squads Protocol 2024

Product

[Squads](../)

[Protocol](../protocol)

[Extension](../extension)

[Use Cases](../use-cases)

[Why Multisig](https://squads.so/blog/what-are-multisig-wallets)

Resources

[Github](https://github.com/Squads-Protocol)

[SDK](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@sqds/multisig)

[Documentation](https://docs.squads.so/main/basics/welcome-to-squads)

[Blog](../blog)

[Multisig vs MPC](https://squads.so/blog/mpc-wallets-risks-vs-multisig)

Company

[About](../about)

[Brand assets](../brand-assets)

[Twitter](https://twitter.com/squadsprotocol)

[Discord](https://discord.com/invite/YPXz64TrKs)

[Farcaster](https://warpcast.com/squads)

Legal

[Terms of Service](../legal/terms-of-service)

[Privacy Policy](../legal/privacy-policy)

[Contact us](https://discord.com/invite/YPXz64TrKs)

