[![wormhole
logo](https://images.ctfassets.net/n8aw1cra6v98/2057wAXk6apiGi4vfTeC2u/9e200f5dfebaf6bb113c879243cf4508/wormwhole.svg?w=384&q=100)](/)

Products

Ecosystem

Developers

Platform

Community

[Start Building](https://docs.wormhole.com/)

Case Study

### Pyth now secures 48%*+ of all DEX trading by operating cross-chain with
Wormhole

Apr 18, 2024

·

3 min read

##### Challenge

Pyth started on Solana and captured more than 90% of the TVL, but wanted to
provide the best in class pricing feed data for all assets across all chains.
Doing this on a chain by chain basis would require lots of time, money, and
effort to build, manage, and maintain.

##### Solution

Use Wormhole Messaging to write a single smart contract, and deploy it across
every Wormhole-connected chain to share price feed data across networks using
cross-chain messages.

##### Results

Going cross-chain with Wormhole has enabled Pyth to:  
Expand to new networks and chains faster than other oracles

  * Publish 1.9M aggregated price updates per day across 32 chains and 6 runtimes
  * Capture key customers like Synthetix (on Optimism) and Ribbon Finance (on Ethereum)
  * Secure 48% of all DEX trading within the first 8 months

#### About Pyth

Pyth Network is the largest first-party financial oracle solution delivering
real-time market data to over 25 blockchains in a secure, transparent manner.
Pyth supports 300+ real-time price feeds across digital assets, equities,
ETFs, FX, and commodities.

Thanks to Pyth's innovative pull oracle design, applications can effortlessly
“pull” the latest Pyth price onto their native blockchain on demand.

[![github](/assets/github.svg)](https://github.com/pyth-
network)[Website](https://pyth.network/)

![](https://images.ctfassets.net/n8aw1cra6v98/282eiXs0rx4wXIwsmQpQYO/9ed5915a2a7ccf343d701ff3094a61ea/Group_427320707.png?w=1920&q=75)

![Image](https://images.ctfassets.net/n8aw1cra6v98/2fP8M06oPDd6atrcKaUHOQ/0fcc04374046f970de7dfb7fe86574e5/worm.svg)

#### Future-proof, permissionless tooling to empower multichain builders

[Start Building](https://docs.wormhole.com/)

Subscribe for updates

Subscribe

[![x or twitter](/assets/x.svg)](https://twitter.com/wormhole)[![x or
twitter](/assets/discord.svg)](https://discord.gg/wormholecrypto)[![x or
twitter](/assets/telegram.svg)](https://t.me/wormholecrypto)[![x or
twitter](/assets/github.svg)](https://github.com/wormhole-
foundation/wormhole)[![x or
twitter](/assets/some.svg)](https://docs.wormhole.com/)[![x or
twitter](/assets/youtube.svg)](https://www.youtube.com/@wormholecrypto)

Products

[connect](/products/connect)[SDK](/products/sdk)[native token
transfers](/products/native-token-
transfers)[Queries](/products/queries)[Messaging](/products/messaging)

Ecosystem

[Multichain apps](/ecosystem/multichain-apps)[W
Token](/ecosystem/w-token)[Ecosystem Programs](/ecosystem/ecosystem-
programs)[Case Studies](/case-studies)

Developers

[Documentation](https://docs.wormhole.com/wormhole)[Github](https://github.com/wormhole-
foundation)[Bug Bounties](https://immunefi.com/bug-
bounty/wormhole/)[Wormholescan](https://wormholescan.io/)

Platform

[Blockchains](/platform/blockchains)[Security](/platform/security)[Gateway](/platform/gateway)

Community

[Hub](/community/hub)[Blog](/blog)[Brand and Press](/brand-and-press)

2024 Ⓒ Wormhole. All Rights Reserved.

[Terms of use](/pages/terms-of-use)[Privacy Policy](/pages/data-protection-
and-privacy-policy)

