  * [![Claynosaurz Logo](/_next/image?url=%2Fimages%2Fclaynosaurz-logo.png&w=640&q=75)](/)
  * [Characters](/characters)
  * [Collectibles](/collectibles)
  * [Community](/community)
  * Menu

![](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fcdn.sanity.io%2Fimages%2F6ddd42dj%2Fproduction%2Fb58321de61b22d2d6406a82036bcaa57c8132136-935x935.svg%3Frect%3D0%2C205%2C935%2C526%26w%3D1920%26h%3D1080&w=2048&q=75)

# Experience endless possibilities with Claynosaurz collectibles

Collect parts of the prehistoric claynoverse! Unique items that lead to fun
adventures - each with their own purpose. Explore an interactive world like no
other.

Discover our collectionsDiscover our collections

  * ### Fast & Secure

Our digital collectibles are powered by reliable blockchain technology. Rest
assured, this is all in the background. No need to be a tech-genius to enjoy
them.

  * ### Physical & Digital

You donâ€™t have to choose! We're building a world where both physical and
digital products work together seamlessly.

  * ### Trust & Safety

Trust is everything to us. We donâ€™t store, process or resell your user data to
third-parties. Your data, your rules.

  * [Browse the collection](/collectibles/claynosaurz)

![](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fcdn.sanity.io%2Fimages%2F6ddd42dj%2Fproduction%2F12ab978398d11f1f51e23316d1d9d7e9a16b644b-1920x1080.png%3Fw%3D1920%26h%3D1080&w=2048&q=75)Play
video

## Claynosaurz

The first six species - the Rex, Steggo, Trice, Ankylo, Raptor and Bronto -
will lead the charge into Claynotopia!

Release date

    22.11.2022

Supply

    10222 unique collectibles

[Browse the collection](/collectibles/claynosaurz)

  * [Browse the collection](/collectibles/call-of-saga)

![](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fcdn.sanity.io%2Fimages%2F6ddd42dj%2Fproduction%2Ffc86d90e79412592d37b39899f19cf0193f84804-1920x1080.png%3Fw%3D1920%26h%3D1080&w=2048&q=75)Play
video

## Call Of Saga

Two new species, the Para and Spino, joined the herd to spice things up in
mid-2023. These dinos live in Claynotopia, but are part of their own
collection, The Call of Saga, released in partnership with Solana Mobile.

Release date

    01.05.2023

Supply

    2000 unique collectibles

[Browse the collection](/collectibles/call-of-saga)

  * [Browse the collection](/collectibles/dactyl)

![](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fcdn.sanity.io%2Fimages%2F6ddd42dj%2Fproduction%2F182f50098bf373d00d3cb3cbd08cf6657192d97e-1920x1080.png%3Fw%3D1920%26h%3D1080&w=2048&q=75)Play
video

## Dactyl

The Dactyl, aka the Sky Chicken, is the seventh species of the Claynosaurz
universe, introduced in early 2023. Sardinhas were given out to attendees of
an industry-wide conference in Lisbon in late 2022, and can now be traded for
a Gigantic Egg - which in turn can be hatched into a Dactyl!

Release date

    01.05.2023

Supply

    222 unique collectibles

[Browse the collection](/collectibles/dactyl)

## Crafting your way through Claynotopia

Master the art of crafting to aid your journey, and help your characters along
their way. Make sure to keep your eyes open for rare resources and
materialsâ€¦you never know where theyâ€™ll be hidden! ðŸŒ¿ðŸ¦´ðŸŒºðŸ¥š

  * ### [Claymaker](/collectibles/claymaker)

Want to make a change to your Clayno? Add some gear or choose a class? Youâ€™ll
need a claymaker! A crafting tool that bakes your Clayno to make them even
more unique as you travel the world.

Release date

    03.10.2023

Supply

    9.984 collectibles

  * ![](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fcdn.sanity.io%2Fimages%2F6ddd42dj%2Fproduction%2Fe2a1115df5316dfee7fec0032cd30682dc3e20d6-400x400.png%3Fw%3D350%26h%3D350&w=2048&q=75)

### [Clay](/collectibles/clay)

A Claymaker is nothing without Clay! Use Clay to mold something new or change
something old, it will be the main resource around our universe.

Release date

    18.10.2023

Supply

    31020 collectibles

  * ### Resources

Various resources are available within Claynotopia - some rarer than others.
Find these by sending your dinos on (sometimes perilous) missions, and
discover things that will make your characters stronger, better, and even
cooler!

Stay tuned

## Items & Cosmetics

Collect all kinds of equipment, gear, wearables, weapons and other items to
stand out from the herd!

  * [**Pizza**](/collectibles/pizza)

Physical Booster Packs distributed to attendees at NFT NYC in April 2023.
Pizza will be burned for a location themed companion at a later date.

Release date

    12.04.2023

Supply

    650 collectibles

Physical Booster Packs distributed to attendees at NFT NYC in April 2023.
Pizza will be burned for a location themed companion at a later date.

  * [**Croissants**](/collectibles/croissants)

Physical Booster Packs distributed to attendees at NFT Paris in February 2023.
Croissants will be burned for location themed gear at a later date.

Release date

    23.02.2023

Supply

    444 collectibles

Physical Booster Packs distributed to attendees at NFT Paris in February 2023.
Croissants will be burned for location themed gear at a later date.

  * [**Tacos**](/collectibles/tacos)

Physical Booster Packs distributed to attendees at NFT LA in March 2023. Tacos
will be burned for location themed gear at a later date.

Release date

    20.03.2023

Supply

    527 collectibles

Physical Booster Packs distributed to attendees at NFT LA in March 2023. Tacos
will be burned for location themed gear at a later date.

## Artifacts

Our first artifacts were released through physical Booster Packs during IRL
activations in Los Angeles and New York in 2023. These physical cards designed
by some of the most brilliant artists on Solana come with unique benefits.

![Artifact by Ben
Bauchau](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fcdn.sanity.io%2Fimages%2F6ddd42dj%2Fproduction%2F83a88c5a72e5ef2ab9baf4cb804f722624e2cd20-400x580.jpg%3Fw%3D400%26h%3D580&w=1200&q=75)Artifact
by Ben
Bauchau[](https://cdn.sanity.io/images/6ddd42dj/production/83a88c5a72e5ef2ab9baf4cb804f722624e2cd20-400x580.jpg?dl=claynosaurz_artifact_ben_bauchau_forging.jpg
"Download image")

![Spraycan illustration by Ben
Bauchau](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fcdn.sanity.io%2Fimages%2F6ddd42dj%2Fproduction%2F79024aa92f7542c74613514c51d15060ec9d485f-400x580.jpg%3Fw%3D400%26h%3D580&w=1200&q=75)Spraycan
by Ben
Bauchau[](https://cdn.sanity.io/images/6ddd42dj/production/79024aa92f7542c74613514c51d15060ec9d485f-400x580.jpg?dl=claynosaurz_spraycan_ben_bauchau_mutator.jpg
"Download image")

![Artifact by
Duke+1](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fcdn.sanity.io%2Fimages%2F6ddd42dj%2Fproduction%2F747be080f31cf5ae69b889252e435abea0f3b9b4-400x577.jpg%3Fw%3D400%26h%3D577&w=1200&q=75)Artifact
by
Duke+1[](https://cdn.sanity.io/images/6ddd42dj/production/747be080f31cf5ae69b889252e435abea0f3b9b4-400x577.jpg?dl=claynosaurz_artifact_duke_1_forging.jpg
"Download image")

![Spraycan by
Duke+1](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fcdn.sanity.io%2Fimages%2F6ddd42dj%2Fproduction%2F6886e4e3673c8bc9647920c5dec32ab30b5bc319-400x577.jpg%3Fw%3D400%26h%3D577&w=1200&q=75)Spraycan
by
Duke+1[](https://cdn.sanity.io/images/6ddd42dj/production/6886e4e3673c8bc9647920c5dec32ab30b5bc319-400x577.jpg?dl=claynosaurz_spraycan_duke_1_mutator.jpg
"Download image")

![Artifact by Gossip
Goblin](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fcdn.sanity.io%2Fimages%2F6ddd42dj%2Fproduction%2F63c15761faafffd8285dfc720c356e6698c5b10a-400x600.jpg%3Fw%3D400%26h%3D600&w=1200&q=75)Artifact
by Gossip
Goblin[](https://cdn.sanity.io/images/6ddd42dj/production/63c15761faafffd8285dfc720c356e6698c5b10a-400x600.jpg?dl=claynosaurz_artifact_gossip_goblin_forging.jpg
"Download image")

![Spraycan by Gossip
Goblin](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fcdn.sanity.io%2Fimages%2F6ddd42dj%2Fproduction%2F933cda2caa8a94cdb82889fd7676dc9c1b9bc212-400x600.jpg%3Fw%3D400%26h%3D600&w=1200&q=75)Spraycan
by Gossip
Goblin[](https://cdn.sanity.io/images/6ddd42dj/production/933cda2caa8a94cdb82889fd7676dc9c1b9bc212-400x600.jpg?dl=claynosaurz_spraycan_gossip_goblin_mutator.jpg
"Download image")

![Artifact by
Hyblinxx](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fcdn.sanity.io%2Fimages%2F6ddd42dj%2Fproduction%2F7e5cff4e1635043dd3f7e9a46e847eb8fcd6a125-400x600.jpg%3Fw%3D400%26h%3D600&w=1200&q=75)Artifact
by
Hyblinxx[](https://cdn.sanity.io/images/6ddd42dj/production/7e5cff4e1635043dd3f7e9a46e847eb8fcd6a125-400x600.jpg?dl=claynosaurz_artifact_hyblinxx_forging.jpg
"Download image")

![Spraycan by
Hyblinxx](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fcdn.sanity.io%2Fimages%2F6ddd42dj%2Fproduction%2Fb64d264b9c8a814e6d47f13615fff0d64f86a850-400x600.jpg%3Fw%3D400%26h%3D600&w=1200&q=75)Spraycan
by
Hyblinxx[](https://cdn.sanity.io/images/6ddd42dj/production/b64d264b9c8a814e6d47f13615fff0d64f86a850-400x600.jpg?dl=https___arweave3.jpg
"Download image")

![Artifact by John
Le](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fcdn.sanity.io%2Fimages%2F6ddd42dj%2Fproduction%2F1a830b680a7f687b1d41cd6b0f903456360518e8-400x578.png%3Fw%3D400%26h%3D578&w=1200&q=75)Artifact
by John
Le[](https://cdn.sanity.io/images/6ddd42dj/production/1a830b680a7f687b1d41cd6b0f903456360518e8-400x578.png?dl=https___arweave1.jpg
"Download image")

![Spraycan by John
Le](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fcdn.sanity.io%2Fimages%2F6ddd42dj%2Fproduction%2Fc245340ce5d339cc1c5f7611c5de567397d8bc52-400x578.png%3Fw%3D400%26h%3D578&w=1200&q=75)Spraycan
by John
Le[](https://cdn.sanity.io/images/6ddd42dj/production/c245340ce5d339cc1c5f7611c5de567397d8bc52-400x578.png?dl=claynosaurz_spraycan_john_le_mutator.jpg
"Download image")

![Artifact by
zen0](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fcdn.sanity.io%2Fimages%2F6ddd42dj%2Fproduction%2F24990ade04b88fefb3e1a18811e056c61d875c95-400x608.png%3Fw%3D400%26h%3D608&w=1200&q=75)Artifact
by
zen0[](https://cdn.sanity.io/images/6ddd42dj/production/24990ade04b88fefb3e1a18811e056c61d875c95-400x608.png?dl=https___arweave4.jpg
"Download image")

![Spraycan by
zen0](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fcdn.sanity.io%2Fimages%2F6ddd42dj%2Fproduction%2F20624b8c92c369260c327480840e1165d4385939-400x608.png%3Fw%3D400%26h%3D608&w=1200&q=75)Spraycan
by
zen0[](https://cdn.sanity.io/images/6ddd42dj/production/20624b8c92c369260c327480840e1165d4385939-400x608.png?dl=https___arweave2.jpg
"Download image")

![Artifact by Joyce
Liu](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fcdn.sanity.io%2Fimages%2F6ddd42dj%2Fproduction%2F126d62c8195588113055cfb83d5b2cd5ce71cf6a-400x578.jpg%3Fw%3D400%26h%3D578&w=1200&q=75)Artifact
by Joyce
Liu[](https://cdn.sanity.io/images/6ddd42dj/production/126d62c8195588113055cfb83d5b2cd5ce71cf6a-400x578.jpg?dl=claynosaurz_artifact_joyce_liu_forging.jpg
"Download image")

![Spraycan by Joyce
Liu](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fcdn.sanity.io%2Fimages%2F6ddd42dj%2Fproduction%2F4a60c889b101ecbd510bea29e1eb17f2f87e57b2-400x578.jpg%3Fw%3D400%26h%3D578&w=1200&q=75)Spraycan
by Joyce
Liu[](https://cdn.sanity.io/images/6ddd42dj/production/4a60c889b101ecbd510bea29e1eb17f2f87e57b2-400x578.jpg?dl=claynosaurz_spraycan_joyce_liu_mutator.jpg
"Download image")

![Artifact by Ricardo
Cavolo](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fcdn.sanity.io%2Fimages%2F6ddd42dj%2Fproduction%2Fbb1475b0973a1f5f85a8adbc25372d953b1ae020-400x561.jpg%3Fw%3D400%26h%3D561&w=1200&q=75)Artifact
by Ricardo
Cavolo[](https://cdn.sanity.io/images/6ddd42dj/production/bb1475b0973a1f5f85a8adbc25372d953b1ae020-400x561.jpg?dl=https___arweave.jpg
"Download image")

![Spraycan by Ricardo
Cavolo](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fcdn.sanity.io%2Fimages%2F6ddd42dj%2Fproduction%2Ffe4b5a41f64353d51549f6797da95c5ccb4f4145-400x552.jpg%3Fw%3D400%26h%3D552&w=1200&q=75)Spraycan
by Ricardo
Cavolo[](https://cdn.sanity.io/images/6ddd42dj/production/fe4b5a41f64353d51549f6797da95c5ccb4f4145-400x552.jpg?dl=claynosaurz_spraycan_ricardo_cavolo_mutator.jpg
"Download image")

![Artifact by Mr.
Uramaki](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fcdn.sanity.io%2Fimages%2F6ddd42dj%2Fproduction%2F417c6408045de73957a702542a7453da44f517c6-400x600.jpg%3Fw%3D400%26h%3D600&w=1200&q=75)Artifact
by Mr.
Uramaki[](https://cdn.sanity.io/images/6ddd42dj/production/417c6408045de73957a702542a7453da44f517c6-400x600.jpg?dl=claynosaurz_artifact_mr_uramaki_forging.jpg
"Download image")

![Spraycan by Mr.
Uramaki](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fcdn.sanity.io%2Fimages%2F6ddd42dj%2Fproduction%2F6f240cc4c91017bc0c93656c3ac8e0c395f8d2be-400x600.jpg%3Fw%3D400%26h%3D600&w=1200&q=75)Spraycan
by Mr.
Uramaki[](https://cdn.sanity.io/images/6ddd42dj/production/6f240cc4c91017bc0c93656c3ac8e0c395f8d2be-400x600.jpg?dl=claynosaurz_spraycan_mr_uramaki_mutator.jpg
"Download image")

![Artifact by
Scum](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fcdn.sanity.io%2Fimages%2F6ddd42dj%2Fproduction%2F019d273870c7fa1d6a79fa30f3b94aeed352b5cf-400x600.png%3Fw%3D400%26h%3D600&w=1200&q=75)Artifact
by
Scum[](https://cdn.sanity.io/images/6ddd42dj/production/019d273870c7fa1d6a79fa30f3b94aeed352b5cf-400x600.png?dl=https___arweave5.jpg
"Download image")

![Spraycan by
Scum](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fcdn.sanity.io%2Fimages%2F6ddd42dj%2Fproduction%2F89d9cc0f9494ef303835ba0cda83e0b1a63c728f-400x600.png%3Fw%3D400%26h%3D600&w=1200&q=75)Spraycan
by
Scum[](https://cdn.sanity.io/images/6ddd42dj/production/89d9cc0f9494ef303835ba0cda83e0b1a63c728f-400x600.png?dl=claynosaurz_spraycan_scum_mutator.jpg
"Download image")

## Frequently Asked Questions

Itâ€™s okay to feel lost sometimes. Itâ€™s okay to have questions.

![Avatar](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fcdn.sanity.io%2Fimages%2F6ddd42dj%2Fproduction%2F804ffc87f8176c7e6fd9dd2ec211b40987869360-400x400.jpg%3Fw%3D200%26h%3D200&w=400&q=75)

If you have any questions, please do not hesitate to reach to our support
team.

[Contact us](mailto:info@claynosaurz.com)

  * **What are digital collectibles?**

Just like in the physical world, where people can collect everything from
artwork to books to jewelry, you can also collect items in the digital world!

For example, in a video game, players can collect items such as armor pieces
and characters that exist solely in the digital realm. Similarly, digital
artwork can also be collected.

Certain digital collectibles may only exist within a specific video game or
mobile application, with the ownership details being retained by a centralized
entity. On the other hand, other digital collectibles can be stored in a
decentralized manner across multiple servers that are not under the control of
a single entity. This setup allows users to have custody of their digital
collectibles without dependence on a single overarching entity.

This decentralized system is commonly known as the blockchain. Smart
contracts, which reside on the blockchain, record ownership details. These
records are transparent and available for anyone to view and verify. Non-
Fungible Tokens, or "NFTs," are a type of smart contract that encapsulates the
ownership information for digital collectibles.

  * **What types of Claynosaurz digital collectibles are there?**

There are numerous Claynosaurz digital collectibles; however, they generally
fall into one of the following categories:

(1) **Characters** are exemplified by our original Claynosaurz and the
subsequent Call of Saga collections. These represent the digital personalities
of our universe.

(2) ********************Resources******************** are the materials used
for crafting different items and cosmetic changes. They are often limited-use,
but some special items have longer durability. Clay and Claymakers are the
original resources used for crafting.

(3) **Items & Cosmetics** are supplementary items for the Characters. They are
used as wearables or to make changes to a particular Character. Sometimes,
these collectibles are conveyed in a unique and fun way, whereby the
collectible will transform into its final form in the future. For example,
Croissants and Tacos will eventually turn into items for the Characters.

  * **What can I expect from my Collectibles?**

A digital and immersive world of fun!

The team continues to build a wonderful holistic entertainment experience in
which the Collectibles can live and interact.

  * **Are digital collectibles NFTs?**

Not necessarily. Some digital collectibles may exist in a video game or mobile
application that is controlled by a larger single entity. In this case, a user
has a collection of digital items in their account, which is governed by this
larger power.

Some digital collectibles are stored on decentralized networks, known as
blockchain. Due to the decentralized nature of blockchain, digital
collectibles can be stored through NFTs, where ownership rights are held by
the user alone.

Claynosaurz utilizes NFT technology to enable users to maintain ownership of
their digital collectibles. This is similar to how, when you purchase a
physical collectible, you can take it home with you and the seller cannot
reclaim that item.

  * **What is an example of a Claynosaurz digital collectible?**

The Claynosaurz [digital collectibles](/collectibles) include everything from
the original character collection all the way through to the Clay and
Claymakers. Each is a collectible of its own!

  * **What is Solana?**

Solana is a blockchain platform, which in simpler terms, is a secure and
decentralized technology that allows for digital ownership. When you own one
of our Claynosaurz digital collectibles, it means you have a unique,
verifiable digital token, kind of like a special certificate, that's stored on
the Solana blockchain. Solana was chosen for its strong performance, meaning
itâ€™s fast and efficient. It acts as a reliable foundation, ensuring every
Clayno remains unique and owned by you in the digital world, providing a
stable environment where our Claynosaurz and their collectors can thrive.

  * **Am I free to use my collecitble as I want**

Claynosaurz is a community-driven brand and we encourage the use of
Collectibles in the creation of content for family, friends and the community
at large!

Claynosaurz Collectibles that have been rightfully purchased are the property
of their owners. The Collectibles can be used by their owners as they wish.

While we encourage owners to use their Collectibles to create their own
content for themselves and the community, it is prohibited to commercialize
any content without the written permission of Claynosaurz Inc. The
intellectual property rights linked to the Collectibles are retained by
Claynosaurz Inc., including those used in the creation of each Collectible.

Any and all other commercially-linked activity in which an owner uses their
Collectible is prohibited, unless otherwise stated by agreement with
Claynosaurz Inc.

You can check out the [Terms and Conditions](/terms-and-conditions) here.

**Our partners**

  * [![Metaplex](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fcdn.sanity.io%2Fimages%2F6ddd42dj%2Fproduction%2Fe96b2e29713066eb07ee829abc60187908282f6c-514x48.svg%3Frect%3D161%2C0%2C192%2C48%26w%3D200%26h%3D50&w=400&q=75)](https://www.metaplex.com)
  * [![Solana org](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fcdn.sanity.io%2Fimages%2F6ddd42dj%2Fproduction%2F4cd65b73b5fea76180d8d19bd5b4288ef41d562a-372x61.svg%3Frect%3D64%2C0%2C244%2C61%26w%3D200%26h%3D50&w=400&q=75)](https://www.solana.org)
  * [![Tensor](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fcdn.sanity.io%2Fimages%2F6ddd42dj%2Fproduction%2Fc81421bc08c270fa07dd946e7acbe67ea9adef7a-4421x992.svg%3Frect%3D227%2C0%2C3968%2C992%26w%3D200%26h%3D50&w=400&q=75)](https://tensor.trade)
  * [![Conductor](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fcdn.sanity.io%2Fimages%2F6ddd42dj%2Fproduction%2F0d841ce112bd359580f074ae104cd2db0bb5ae52-726x454.svg%3Frect%3D0%2C136%2C726%2C182%26w%3D200%26h%3D50&w=400&q=75)](https://www.conductortech.com/coreweave)
  * [![CoreWeave](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fcdn.sanity.io%2Fimages%2F6ddd42dj%2Fproduction%2F59c99e0266a43add08e3640627df28afdee7f6b7-4578x619.svg%3Frect%3D1051%2C0%2C2476%2C619%26w%3D200%26h%3D50&w=400&q=75)](https://www.coreweave.com/)

**About**

  * [ Characters](/characters)
  * [Claynotopia](/claynotopia)
  * [Lore](/lore)

**Collectibles**

  * [ Claynosaurz](/collectibles/claynosaurz)
  * [Call Of Saga](/collectibles/call-of-saga)
  * [Dactyl](/collectibles/dactyl)
  * [Claymaker](/collectibles/claymaker)
  * [Clay](/collectibles/clay)

**Other pages**

  * [ Collectibles](/collectibles)
  * [Media](/media)
  * [Values & Team](/team)
  * [News](/news)

![Claynosaurz Logo](/_next/image?url=%2Fimages%2Fclaynosaurz-
logo.png&w=320&q=75)

  * Â© 2023 Claynosaurz
  * [Press](/press)
  * [Terms & Conditions](/terms-and-conditions)
  * [Privacy policy](/privacy-policy)

**Adventure is never really far...**

  * [](https://x.com/claynosaurz "twitter")
  * [](https://www.instagram.com/claynosaurz/ "instagram")
  * [](https://discord.gg/claynosaurz "discord")
  * [](https://www.youtube.com/@Claynosaurz_Official "youtube")
  * [](https://www.tiktok.com/@claynosaurz "tiktok")
  * [](https://www.linkedin.com/company/claynosaurz "linkedin")

