Skip to main content

[](/en/)

  * Learn
  * Use
  * Build
  * Participate
  * Research

Search```K`

Languages EN

Change page

[Overview](/en/developers/docs/)

Foundational topics

[Intro to Ethereum](/en/developers/docs/intro-to-ethereum/)

[Intro to Ether](/en/developers/docs/intro-to-ether/)

[Intro to dapps](/en/developers/docs/dapps/)

[Web2 vs Web3](/en/developers/docs/web2-vs-web3/)

[Accounts](/en/developers/docs/accounts/)

[Transactions](/en/developers/docs/transactions/)

[Blocks](/en/developers/docs/blocks/)

[Ethereum virtual machine (EVM)](/en/developers/docs/evm/)

[Opcodes](/en/developers/docs/evm/opcodes/)

[Gas](/en/developers/docs/gas/)

[Nodes and clients](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/)

[Run a node](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/run-a-node/)

[Client diversity](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/client-diversity/)

[Nodes as a service](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/nodes-as-a-
service/)

[Node architecture](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/node-architecture/)

[Light clients](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/light-clients/)

[Archive nodes](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/archive-nodes/)

[Bootnodes](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/bootnodes/)

[Networks](/en/developers/docs/networks/)

[Consensus mechanisms](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/)

[Proof-of-work](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pow/)

[Mining](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pow/mining/)

[Mining algorithms](/en/developers/docs/consensus-
mechanisms/pow/mining/mining-algorithms/)

[Dagger-Hashimoto](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pow/mining/mining-
algorithms/dagger-hashimoto/)

[Ethash](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pow/mining/mining-
algorithms/ethash/)

[Proof-of-stake](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/)

[Gasper](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/gasper/)

[Weak subjectivity](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/weak-
subjectivity/)

[Attestations](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/attestations/)

[PoS rewards and penalties](/en/developers/docs/consensus-
mechanisms/pos/rewards-and-penalties/)

[PoS attack and defense](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/attack-
and-defense/)

[Keys](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/keys/)

[Proof-of-stake versus proof-of-work](/en/developers/docs/consensus-
mechanisms/pos/pos-vs-pow/)

[Block proposal](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/block-proposal/)

[Proof-of-stake FAQs](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/faqs/)

[Proof-of-authority](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/poa/)

Ethereum stack

[Intro to the stack](/en/developers/docs/ethereum-stack/)

[Smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/)

[Smart contract languages](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/languages/)

[Smart contract anatomy](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/anatomy/)

[Smart contracts libraries](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/libraries/)

[Testing smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/testing/)

[Compiling smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/compiling/)

[Deploying smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/deploying/)

[Verifying smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/verifying/)

[Upgrading smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/upgrading/)

[Smart contract security](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/security/)

[Smart contract formal verification](/en/developers/docs/smart-
contracts/formal-verification/)

[Composability](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/composability/)

[Development networks](/en/developers/docs/development-networks/)

[Development frameworks](/en/developers/docs/frameworks/)

Ethereum client APIs

[JavaScript APIs](/en/developers/docs/apis/javascript/)

[Backend APIs](/en/developers/docs/apis/backend/)

[JSON-RPC](/en/developers/docs/apis/json-rpc/)

[Data and analytics](/en/developers/docs/data-and-analytics/)

[Block explorers](/en/developers/docs/data-and-analytics/block-explorers/)

[Storage](/en/developers/docs/storage/)

[Integrated Development Environments (IDEs)](/en/developers/docs/ides/)

[Programming languages](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/)

[Dart](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/dart/)

[Delphi](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/delphi/)

[.NET](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/dot-net/)

[Golang](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/golang/)

[Java](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/java/)

[JavaScript](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/javascript/)

[Python](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/python/)

[Ruby](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/ruby/)

[Rust](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/rust/)

Advanced

[Bridges](/en/developers/docs/bridges/)

[Standards](/en/developers/docs/standards/)

[Token standards](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/)

[ERC-20: Fungible Tokens](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/erc-20/)

[ERC-721: NFTs](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/erc-721/)

[ERC-777](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/erc-777/)

[ERC-1155](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/erc-1155/)

[ERC-4626](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/erc-4626/)

[Maximal extractable value (MEV)](/en/developers/docs/mev/)

[Oracles](/en/developers/docs/oracles/)

[Scaling](/en/developers/docs/scaling/)

[Optimistic rollups](/en/developers/docs/scaling/optimistic-rollups/)

[Zero-knowledge rollups](/en/developers/docs/scaling/zk-rollups/)

[State channels](/en/developers/docs/scaling/state-channels/)

[Sidechains](/en/developers/docs/scaling/sidechains/)

[Plasma](/en/developers/docs/scaling/plasma/)

[Validium](/en/developers/docs/scaling/validium/)

[Data availability](/en/developers/docs/data-availability/)

[Networking layer](/en/developers/docs/networking-layer/)

[Network addresses](/en/developers/docs/networking-layer/network-addresses/)

[Portal Network](/en/developers/docs/networking-layer/portal-network/)

[Data structures and encoding](/en/developers/docs/data-structures-and-
encoding/)

[Patricia Merkle Trie](/en/developers/docs/data-structures-and-
encoding/patricia-merkle-trie/)

[Recursive-length prefix (RLP)](/en/developers/docs/data-structures-and-
encoding/rlp/)

[Simple serialize (SSZ)](/en/developers/docs/data-structures-and-
encoding/ssz/)

[Web3 secret storage definition](/en/developers/docs/data-structures-and-
encoding/web3-secret-storage/)

Design fundamentals

[Intro to design and UX](/en/developers/docs/design-and-ux/)

# Proof-of-work (PoW)

w

Last edit: [@wackerow(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/wackerow), March
29, 2024

See contributors

On this page

  * Prerequisites
  * What is Proof-of-work (PoW)?
  * Proof-of-work and mining
  * How did Ethereum's proof-of-work work?
    * The work in proof-of-work
    * Proof-of-work and security
    * Proof-of-work economics
  * Finality
  * Proof-of-work energy-usage
  * Pros and cons
  * Compared to proof-of-stake
  * More of a visual learner?
  * Further Reading
    * Videos
  * Related Topics

The Ethereum network began by using a consensus mechanism that involved
**[Proof-of-work (PoW)](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pow/)**. This
allowed the nodes of the Ethereum network to agree on the state of all
information recorded on the Ethereum blockchain and prevented certain kinds of
economic attacks. However, Ethereum switched off proof-of-work in 2022 and
started using [proof-of-stake](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/)
instead.

![ðŸ‘‹](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f44b.svg)

Proof-of-work has now been deprecated. Ethereum no longer uses proof-of-work
as part of its consensus mechanism. Instead, it uses proof-of-stake. Read more
on [proof-of-stake](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/) and
[staking](/en/staking/).

## Prerequisites

To better understand this page, we recommend you first read up on
[transactions](/en/developers/docs/transactions/),
[blocks](/en/developers/docs/blocks/), and [consensus
mechanisms](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/).

## What is Proof-of-work (PoW)?

Nakamoto consensus, which utilizes proof-of-work, is the mechanism that once
allowed the decentralized Ethereum network to come to consensus (i.e. all
nodes agree) on things like account balances and the order of transactions.
This prevented users from "double spending" their coins and ensured that the
Ethereum chain was tremendously difficult to attack or manipulate. These
security properties now come from proof-of-stake instead using the consensus
mechanism known as [Gasper](/en/developers/docs/consensus-
mechanisms/pos/gasper/).

## Proof-of-work and mining

Proof-of-work is the underlying algorithm that sets the difficulty and rules
for the work miners do on proof-of-work blockchains. Mining is the "work"
itself. It's the act of adding valid blocks to the chain. This is important
because the chain's length helps the network follow the correct fork of the
blockchain. The more "work" done, the longer the chain, and the higher the
block number, the more certain the network can be of the current state of
things.

[More on mining](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pow/mining/)

## How did Ethereum's proof-of-work work?

Ethereum transactions are processed into blocks. In the now-deprecated proof-
of-work Ethereum, each block contained:

  * block difficulty â€“ for example: 3,324,092,183,262,715
  * mixHash â€“ for example: `0x44bca881b07a6a09f83b130798072441705d9a665c5ac8bdf2f39a3cdf3bee29`
  * nonce â€“ for example: `0xd3ee432b4fb3d26b`

This block data was directly related to proof-of-work.

### The work in proof-of-work

The proof-of-work protocol, Ethash, required miners to go through an intense
race of trial and error to find the nonce for a block. Only blocks with a
valid nonce could be added to the chain.

When racing to create a block, a miner repeatedly put a dataset, that could
only be obtained by downloading and running the full chain (as a miner does),
through a mathematical function. The dataset was used to generate a mixHash
below a target that is dictated by the block difficulty. The best way to do
this is through trial and error.

The difficulty determined the target for the hash. The lower the target, the
smaller the set of valid hashes. Once generated, this was incredibly easy for
other miners and clients to verify. Even if one transaction were to change,
the hash would be completely different, signalling fraud.

Hashing makes fraud easy to spot. But proof-of-work as a process was also a
big deterrent to attacking the chain.

### Proof-of-work and security

Miners were incentivized to do this work on the main Ethereum chain. There was
little incentive for a subset of miners to start their own chainâ€”it undermines
the system. Blockchains rely on having a single state as a source of truth.

The objective of proof-of-work was to extend the chain. The longest chain was
most believable as the valid one because it had the most computational work
done to generate it. Within Ethereum's PoW system, it was nearly impossible to
create new blocks that erase transactions, create fake ones, or maintain a
second chain. That's because a malicious miner would have needed to always
solve the block nonce faster than everyone else.

To consistently create malicious yet valid blocks, a malicious miner would
have needed over 51% of the network mining power to beat everyone else. That
amount of "work" requires a lot of expensive computing power and the energy
spent might even have outweighed the gains made in an attack.

### Proof-of-work economics

Proof-of-work was also responsible for issuing new currency into the system
and incentivizing miners to do the work.

Since the [Constantinople upgrade](/en/history/#constantinople), miners who
successfully create a block were rewarded with two freshly minted ETH and part
of the transaction fees. Ommer blocks also compensated 1.75 ETH. Ommer blocks
were valid blocks created by a miner practically at the same time as another
miner created the canonical block, which was ultimately determined by which
chain was built on top of first. Ommer blocks usually happened due to network
latency.

## Finality

A transaction has "finality" on Ethereum when it's part of a block that can't
change.

Because miners worked in a decentralized way, two valid blocks could be mined
at the same time. This creates a temporary fork. Eventually, one of these
chains became the accepted chain after subsequent blocks were mined and added
to it, making it longer.

To complicate things further, transactions rejected on the temporary fork may
not have been included in the accepted chain. This means it could get
reversed. So finality refers to the time you should wait before considering a
transaction irreversible. Under the previous proof-of-work Ethereum, the more
blocks were mined on top of a specific block `N`, the higher confidence that
the transactions in `N` were successful and would not be reverted. Now, with
proof-of-stake, finalization is an explicit, rather than probabilistic,
property of a block.

## Proof-of-work energy-usage

A major criticism of proof-of-work is the amount of energy output required to
keep the network safe. To maintain security and decentralization, Ethereum on
proof-of-work consumed large amounts of energy. Shortly before switching to
proof-of-stake, Ethereum miners were collectively consuming about 70 TWh/yr
(about the same as the Czech Republic - according to [digiconomist(opens in a
new tab)](https://digiconomist.net/) on 18-July-2022).

## Pros and cons

Pros| Cons  
---|---  
Proof-of-work is neutral. You don't need ETH to get started and block rewards
allow you to go from 0ETH to a positive balance. With [proof-of-
stake](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/) you need ETH to start
with.| Proof-of-work uses up so much energy that it's bad for the environment.  
Proof-of-work is a tried and tested consensus mechanism that has kept Bitcoin
and Ethereum secure and decentralized for many years.| If you want to mine,
you need such specialized equipment that it's a big investment to start.  
Compared to proof-of-stake it's relatively easy to implement.| Due to
increasing computation needed, mining pools could potentially dominate the
mining game, leading to centralization and security risks.  
  
## Compared to proof-of-stake

At a high level, proof-of-stake has the same end goal as proof-of-work: to
help the decentralized network reach consensus securely. But it has some
differences in process and personnel:

  * Proof-of-stake switches out the importance of computational power for staked ETH.
  * Proof-of-stake replaces miners with validators. Validators stake their ETH to activate the ability to create new blocks.
  * Validators don't compete to create blocks, instead they are chosen at random by an algorithm.
  * Finality is clearer: at certain checkpoints, if 2/3 validators agree on the state of the block it is considered final. Validators must bet their entire stake on this, so if they try to collude down the line, they'll lose their entire stake.

[More on proof-of-stake](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/)

## More of a visual learner?

## Further Reading

  * [Majority attack(opens in a new tab)](https://en.bitcoin.it/wiki/Majority_attack)
  * [On settlement finality(opens in a new tab)](https://blog.ethereum.org/2016/05/09/on-settlement-finality/)

### Videos

  * [A technical explanation of proof-of-work protocols(opens in a new tab)](https://youtu.be/9V1bipPkCTU)

## Related Topics

  * [Mining](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pow/mining/)
  * [Proof-of-stake](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/)
  * [Proof-of-authority](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/poa/)

back-to-top â†‘

### Was this article helpful?

YesNo

![ðŸ‘ˆ](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f448.svg)

Previous

[Consensus mechanisms](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/)

![ðŸ‘‰](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f449.svg)

Next

[Mining](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pow/mining/)

  * [Edit page(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/ethereum/ethereum-org-website/tree/dev/public/content/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pow/index.md)
  * On this page

    * Prerequisites
    * What is Proof-of-work (PoW)?
    * Proof-of-work and mining
    * How did Ethereum's proof-of-work work?
      * The work in proof-of-work
      * Proof-of-work and security
      * Proof-of-work economics
    * Finality
    * Proof-of-work energy-usage
    * Pros and cons
    * Compared to proof-of-stake
    * More of a visual learner?
    * Further Reading
      * Videos
    * Related Topics

Website last updated: May 22, 2024

[(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/ethereum/ethereum-org-
website)[(opens in a new tab)](https://twitter.com/ethdotorg)[(opens in a new
tab)](https://discord.gg/ethereum-org)

### Learn

  * [Learn Hub](/en/learn/)
  * [What is Ethereum?](/en/what-is-ethereum/)
  * [What is ether (ETH)?](/en/eth/)
  * [Ethereum wallets](/en/wallets/)
  * [What is Web3?](/en/web3/)
  * [Smart contracts](/en/smart-contracts/)
  * [Gas fees](/en/gas/)
  * [Run a node](/en/run-a-node/)
  * [Ethereum security and scam prevention](/en/security/)
  * [Quiz Hub](/en/quizzes/)
  * [Ethereum glossary](/en/glossary/)

### Use

  * [Guides](/en/guides/)
  * [Choose your wallet](/en/wallets/find-wallet/)
  * [Get ETH](/en/get-eth/)
  * [Dapps - Decentralized applications](/en/dapps/)
  * [Stablecoins](/en/stablecoins/)
  * [NFTs - Non-fungible tokens](/en/nft/)
  * [DeFi - Decentralized finance](/en/defi/)
  * [DAOs - Decentralized autonomous organizations](/en/dao/)
  * [Decentralized identity](/en/decentralized-identity/)
  * [Stake ETH](/en/staking/)
  * [Layer 2](/en/layer-2/)

### Build

  * [Builder's home](/en/developers/)
  * [Tutorials](/en/developers/tutorials/)
  * [Documentation](/en/developers/docs/)
  * [Learn by coding](/en/developers/learning-tools/)
  * [Set up local environment](/en/developers/local-environment/)
  * [Grants](/en/community/grants/)
  * [Foundational topics](/en/developers/docs/intro-to-ethereum/)
  * [UX/UI design fundamentals](/en/developers/docs/design-and-ux/)
  * [Enterprise - Mainnet Ethereum](/en/enterprise/)
  * [Enterprise - Private Ethereum](/en/enterprise/private-ethereum/)

### Participate

  * [Community hub](/en/community/)
  * [Online communities](/en/community/online/)
  * [Ethereum events](/en/community/events/)
  * [Contributing to ethereum.org](/en/contributing/)
  * [Translation Program](/en/contributing/translation-program/)
  * [Ethereum bug bounty program](/en/bug-bounty/)
  * [Ethereum Foundation](/en/foundation/)
  * [Ethereum Foundation Blog(opens in a new tab)](https://blog.ethereum.org/)
  * [Ecosystem Support Program(opens in a new tab)](https://esp.ethereum.foundation)
  * [Devcon(opens in a new tab)](https://devcon.org/)

### Research

  * [Ethereum Whitepaper](/en/whitepaper/)
  * [Ethereum roadmap](/en/roadmap/)
  * [Improved security](/en/roadmap/security/)
  * [Technical history of Ethereum](/en/history/)
  * [Open research](/en/community/research/)
  * [Ethereum Improvement Proposals](/en/eips/)
  * [Ethereum governance](/en/governance/)

  * [About us](/en/about/)
  * [Ethereum brand assets](/en/assets/)
  * [Code of conduct](/en/community/code-of-conduct/)
  * [Jobs](/en/about/#open-jobs)
  * [Privacy policy](/en/privacy-policy/)
  * [Terms of use](/en/terms-of-use/)
  * [Cookie policy](/en/cookie-policy/)
  * [Press Contact(opens in a new tab)](mailto:press@ethereum.org)

Is this page helpful?

