![Close](/img/icons/ico_close.svg?1716491272)

Bitcoin.org is a community funded project, donations are appreciated and used
to improve the website.

Make a donation

Bitcoin.org needs your support!

Ã

Donate to Bitcoin.org

Use this QR code or address below

[ bc1qx3u4njquj0ux63030r4nat8awqrlm0x2zlt96h
](bitcoin:bc1qx3u4njquj0ux63030r4nat8awqrlm0x2zlt96h)

$5.00

(... BTC)

$25.00

(... BTC)

$50.00

(... BTC)

[![Bitcoin](/img/icons/logotop.svg?1716491272)](/en/)

  * Introduction
    * [Individuals](/en/bitcoin-for-individuals)
    * [Businesses](/en/bitcoin-for-businesses)
    * [Developers](https://developer.bitcoin.org/)
    * [Getting started](/en/getting-started)
    * [How it works](/en/how-it-works)
    * [White paper](/en/bitcoin-paper)
  * Resources
    * [Resources](/en/resources)
    * [Exchanges](/en/exchanges)
    * [Community](/en/community)
    * [Documentation](https://developer.bitcoin.org/)
    * [Vocabulary](/en/vocabulary)
    * [Events](/en/events)
    * [Bitcoin Core](/en/bitcoin-core/)
  * [Innovation](/en/innovation)
  * Participate
    * [Support Bitcoin](/en/support-bitcoin)
    * [Buy Bitcoin](/en/buy)
    * [Running a full node](/en/full-node)
    * [Development](/en/development)
  * [FAQ](/en/faq)

  * English
    *       * [Bahasa Indonesia](/id/dukung-bitcoin)
      * [CatalÃ ](/ca/dona-suport-a-bitcoin)
      * [Dansk](/da/stoet-bitcoin)
      * [Deutsch](/de/bitcoin-unterstuetzen)
      * [English](/en/support-bitcoin)
      * [EspaÃ±ol](/es/apoya-bitcoin)
      * [FranÃ§ais](/fr/supporter-bitcoin)
      * [Italiano](/it/sostieni-bitcoin)
      * [Magyar](/hu/tamogassa-a-bitcoint)
      * [Nederlands](/nl/help-bitcoin)
      * [Polski](/pl/wesprzyj-bitcoin)
      * [PortuguÃªs Brasil](/pt_BR/suporte-bitcoin)
      * [RomÃ¢nÄ](/ro/sustine-bitcoin)
      * [SlovenÅ¡Äina](/sl/podprite-bitcoin)
      * [Srpski](/sr/podrzite-bitkoin)
      * [Svenska](/sv/stod-bitcoin)
    *       * [TÃ¼rkÃ§e](/tr/bitcoini-destekleyin)
      * [ÎÎ»Î»Î·Î½Î¹ÎºÎ¬](/el/support-bitcoin)
      * [Ð±ÑÐ»Ð³Ð°ÑÑÐºÐ¸](/bg/support-bitcoin)
      * [Ð ÑÑÑÐºÐ¸Ð¹](/ru/support-bitcoin)
      * [Ð£ÐºÑÐ°ÑÐ½ÑÑÐºÐ°](/uk/support-bitcoin)
      * [ÕÕ¡ÕµÕ¥ÖÕ¥Õ¶](/hy/support-bitcoin)
      * [Ø§ÙØ¹Ø±Ø¨ÙØ©](/ar/support-bitcoin)
      * [ÙØ§Ø±Ø³Û](/fa/support-bitcoin)
      * [×¢××¨××ª](/he/support-bitcoin)
      * [à¤¹à¤¿à¤¨à¥à¤¦à¥](/hi/support-bitcoin)
      * [íêµ­ì´](/ko/support-bitcoin)
      * [ááááá](/km/support-bitcoin)
      * [æ¥æ¬èª](/ja/support-bitcoin)
      * [ç®ä½ä¸­æ](/zh_CN/support-bitcoin)
      * [ç¹é«ä¸­æ](/zh_TW/support-bitcoin)

Bahasa Indonesia CatalÃ  Dansk Deutsch English EspaÃ±ol FranÃ§ais Italiano
Magyar Nederlands Polski PortuguÃªs Brasil RomÃ¢nÄ SlovenÅ¡Äina Srpski
Svenska TÃ¼rkÃ§e ÎÎ»Î»Î·Î½Î¹ÎºÎ¬ Ð±ÑÐ»Ð³Ð°ÑÑÐºÐ¸ Ð ÑÑÑÐºÐ¸Ð¹
Ð£ÐºÑÐ°ÑÐ½ÑÑÐºÐ° ÕÕ¡ÕµÕ¥ÖÕ¥Õ¶ Ø§ÙØ¹Ø±Ø¨ÙØ© ÙØ§Ø±Ø³Û ×¢××¨××ª
à¤¹à¤¿à¤¨à¥à¤¦à¥ íêµ­ì´ ááááá æ¥æ¬èª ç®ä½ä¸­æ
ç¹é«ä¸­æ Language: en

# Support Bitcoin

Bitcoin was born from a small community and has grown fast. There are a lot of
things you can do to support it and help others learn more.

![Icon](/img/icons/ico_multi.svg?1716491272)

## Using Bitcoin

[Using Bitcoin](/en/getting-started) is the first thing you can do to support
Bitcoin. There are probably many cases where it can make your life easier. You
can accept payments and make purchases with Bitcoin.

![Icon](/img/icons/ico_network.svg?1716491272)

## Be the network

If you have a good Internet connection, you can strengthen the Bitcoin network
by keeping [full node software](/en/full-node) running on your computer or
server with port 8333 open. Full nodes are securing and relaying all
transactions.

![Icon](/img/icons/ico_mining.svg?1716491272)

## Mining

You can start [mining bitcoins](http://www.bitcoinmining.com/) to help
processing transactions. In order to protect the network, you should join
smaller mining pools and prefer decentralized pools like
[P2Pool](http://p2pool.in/) or
[pools](https://en.bitcoin.it/wiki/Comparison_of_mining_pools) with
getblocktemplate (GBT) support.

![Icon](/img/icons/ico_translate.svg?1716491272)

## Translate

You can help spread Bitcoin awareness by translating or improving translations
inside important parts of the Bitcoin ecosystem. Just pick a project you would
like to help with.

[Bitcoin Core](https://www.transifex.com/projects/p/bitcoin/) \-
[Bitcoin.org](https://www.transifex.com/projects/p/bitcoinorg/) \- [Bitcoin
Wiki](https://en.bitcoin.it/wiki/Bitcoin.it_Wiki) \- [Bitcoin Wallet
(Android)](https://www.transifex.com/projects/p/bitcoin-wallet/) \-
[Electrum](https://crowdin.com/project/electrum)

![Icon](/img/icons/ico_conf.svg?1716491272)

## Development

Bitcoin is free software. If you are a developer, you can use your superpowers
to do good and [improve Bitcoin](/en/development). Or you can build amazing
new services or software that use Bitcoin.

![Icon](/img/icons/ico_donate.svg?1716491272)

## Donation

The easiest way to help is to [donate](http://bitgivefoundation.org/donate/)
some bitcoin to BitGive. Or you can help directly fund any project related to
Bitcoin that you believe will be helpful in the future.

![Icon](/img/icons/ico_law.svg?1716491272)

## Organizations

Many [non-profit organizations](/en/community#non-profit) are dedicated to
protecting and promoting Bitcoin. You can help these groups by joining them
and taking part in their projects, discussions and events.

![Icon](/img/icons/ico_spread.svg?1716491272)

## Spread

Speak about Bitcoin to interested people. Write about it on your blog. Tell
your favorite shops you would like to pay with Bitcoin. Help to keep [merchant
directories](/en/spend-bitcoin) up to date. Or be creative and make yourself a
nice Bitcoin T-shirt.

![Icon](/img/icons/ico_docs.svg?1716491272)

## Documentation

[Bitcoin.org](https://github.com/bitcoin-dot-org/bitcoin.org#how-to-
participate) and the [Bitcoin wiki](https://en.bitcoin.it/) provide useful
documentation and we are constantly improving the information they contain.
You can help to improve these resources and keep them up to date.

![Icon](/img/icons/ico_chat.svg?1716491272)

## Meet the communities

You can join Bitcoin [communities](/en/community) and talk with other Bitcoin
enthusiasts. You can learn more about Bitcoin every day, give help to new
users and get involved in interesting projects.

[ ![Bitcoin](/img/icons/logo-footer.svg?1716491272) ](/en/)

Support Bitcoin.org: Donate

[bc1qx3u4njquj0ux63030r4nat8awqrlm0x2zlt96h](bitcoin:bc1qx3u4njquj0ux63030r4nat8awqrlm0x2zlt96h)

Introduction:

  * [Individuals](/en/bitcoin-for-individuals)
  * [Businesses](/en/bitcoin-for-businesses)
  * [Developers](https://developer.bitcoin.org/)
  * [Getting started](/en/getting-started)
  * [How it works](/en/how-it-works)
  * [You need to know](/en/you-need-to-know)
  * [White paper](/en/bitcoin-paper)

Resources:

  * [Resources](/en/resources)
  * [Exchanges](/en/exchanges)
  * [Community](/en/community)
  * [Vocabulary ](/en/vocabulary)
  * [Events](/en/events)
  * [Bitcoin Core](/en/bitcoin-core/)

Participate:

  * [Support Bitcoin](/en/support-bitcoin)
  * [Buy Bitcoin](/en/buy)
  * [Running a full node](/en/full-node)
  * [Development](/en/development)

Other:

[Avoid Scams](/en/scams) [Legal](/en/legal) [Privacy Policy](/en/privacy)
[Press](/en/press) [About bitcoin.org](/en/about-us) [Blog](/en/blog)

Â© Bitcoin Project 2009-2024 Released under the [MIT
license](http://opensource.org/licenses/mit-license.php)

[Network Status](/en/alerts)

  * English
    *       * [Bahasa Indonesia](/id/dukung-bitcoin)
      * [CatalÃ ](/ca/dona-suport-a-bitcoin)
      * [Dansk](/da/stoet-bitcoin)
      * [Deutsch](/de/bitcoin-unterstuetzen)
      * [English](/en/support-bitcoin)
      * [EspaÃ±ol](/es/apoya-bitcoin)
      * [FranÃ§ais](/fr/supporter-bitcoin)
      * [Italiano](/it/sostieni-bitcoin)
      * [Magyar](/hu/tamogassa-a-bitcoint)
      * [Nederlands](/nl/help-bitcoin)
      * [Polski](/pl/wesprzyj-bitcoin)
      * [PortuguÃªs Brasil](/pt_BR/suporte-bitcoin)
      * [RomÃ¢nÄ](/ro/sustine-bitcoin)
      * [SlovenÅ¡Äina](/sl/podprite-bitcoin)
      * [Srpski](/sr/podrzite-bitkoin)
      * [Svenska](/sv/stod-bitcoin)
    *       * [TÃ¼rkÃ§e](/tr/bitcoini-destekleyin)
      * [ÎÎ»Î»Î·Î½Î¹ÎºÎ¬](/el/support-bitcoin)
      * [Ð±ÑÐ»Ð³Ð°ÑÑÐºÐ¸](/bg/support-bitcoin)
      * [Ð ÑÑÑÐºÐ¸Ð¹](/ru/support-bitcoin)
      * [Ð£ÐºÑÐ°ÑÐ½ÑÑÐºÐ°](/uk/support-bitcoin)
      * [ÕÕ¡ÕµÕ¥ÖÕ¥Õ¶](/hy/support-bitcoin)
      * [Ø§ÙØ¹Ø±Ø¨ÙØ©](/ar/support-bitcoin)
      * [ÙØ§Ø±Ø³Û](/fa/support-bitcoin)
      * [×¢××¨××ª](/he/support-bitcoin)
      * [à¤¹à¤¿à¤¨à¥à¤¦à¥](/hi/support-bitcoin)
      * [íêµ­ì´](/ko/support-bitcoin)
      * [ááááá](/km/support-bitcoin)
      * [æ¥æ¬èª](/ja/support-bitcoin)
      * [ç®ä½ä¸­æ](/zh_CN/support-bitcoin)
      * [ç¹é«ä¸­æ](/zh_TW/support-bitcoin)

Bahasa Indonesia CatalÃ  Dansk Deutsch English EspaÃ±ol FranÃ§ais Italiano
Magyar Nederlands Polski PortuguÃªs Brasil RomÃ¢nÄ SlovenÅ¡Äina Srpski
Svenska TÃ¼rkÃ§e ÎÎ»Î»Î·Î½Î¹ÎºÎ¬ Ð±ÑÐ»Ð³Ð°ÑÑÐºÐ¸ Ð ÑÑÑÐºÐ¸Ð¹
Ð£ÐºÑÐ°ÑÐ½ÑÑÐºÐ° ÕÕ¡ÕµÕ¥ÖÕ¥Õ¶ Ø§ÙØ¹Ø±Ø¨ÙØ© ÙØ§Ø±Ø³Û ×¢××¨××ª
à¤¹à¤¿à¤¨à¥à¤¦à¥ íêµ­ì´ ááááá æ¥æ¬èª ç®ä½ä¸­æ
ç¹é«ä¸­æ en

