[![Logo](https://docs.hxro.network/~gitbook/image?url=https%3A%2F%2F1204672629-files.gitbook.io%2F%7E%2Ffiles%2Fv0%2Fb%2Fgitbook-
x-
prod.appspot.com%2Fo%2Fspaces%252FnBRfy9TZFugEQMxYK4Hk%252Flogo%252FnG7BlnyRRjBwt9LcHEGc%252FLogo%2520Square%2520Hxro%2520Border%2520%28PfP%29%2520%2811%29.png%3Falt%3Dmedia%26token%3D1f37556b-80ea-4e84-9f65-41b02f9e8cd3&width=192&dpr=4&quality=100&sign=46874cf4d4088cade38089543fa563b7f962ab3d730b4855ca4c912e6f613f25)![Logo](https://docs.hxro.network/~gitbook/image?url=https%3A%2F%2F1204672629-files.gitbook.io%2F%7E%2Ffiles%2Fv0%2Fb%2Fgitbook-
x-
prod.appspot.com%2Fo%2Fspaces%252FnBRfy9TZFugEQMxYK4Hk%252Flogo%252FnG7BlnyRRjBwt9LcHEGc%252FLogo%2520Square%2520Hxro%2520Border%2520%28PfP%29%2520%2811%29.png%3Falt%3Dmedia%26token%3D1f37556b-80ea-4e84-9f65-41b02f9e8cd3&width=192&dpr=4&quality=100&sign=46874cf4d4088cade38089543fa563b7f962ab3d730b4855ca4c912e6f613f25)](/)

SearchCtrl \+ K

  * HXRO NETWORK

    * [Welcome to Hxro Network](/)

    * [Market Protocols](/hxro-network/market-protocols)

      * [Derivatives Trading](/hxro-network/market-protocols/derivatives-trading)

      * [Betting](/hxro-network/market-protocols/betting)

        * [SAMM Protocol Litepaper - v1.1](/hxro-network/market-protocols/betting/samm-protocol-litepaper-v1.1)

    * [Network Fees](/hxro-network/network-fees)

  * TOKENOMICS AND STAKING

    * [HXRO Token](/tokenomics-and-staking/hxro-token)

    * [Network Staking](/tokenomics-and-staking/network-staking)

    * [Liquidity Pools](/tokenomics-and-staking/liquidity-pools)

    * [How-To](/tokenomics-and-staking/how-to)

      * [Transfer HXRO from ERC20 to SPL via Wormhole](/tokenomics-and-staking/how-to/transfer-hxro-from-erc20-to-spl-via-wormhole)

      * [Claim an esHXRO Airdrop](/tokenomics-and-staking/how-to/claim-an-eshxro-airdrop)

      * [How to Stake HXRO](/tokenomics-and-staking/how-to/how-to-stake-hxro)

      * [How to Vest esHXRO](/tokenomics-and-staking/how-to/how-to-vest-eshxro)

      * [How to Initialize and Claim Rewards](/tokenomics-and-staking/how-to/how-to-initialize-and-claim-rewards)

  * NETWORK REWARDS AND INCENTIVES

    * [Rewards](/network-rewards-and-incentives/rewards)

    * [Volume Incentives](/network-rewards-and-incentives/volume-incentives)

    * [Staking Incentives](/network-rewards-and-incentives/staking-incentives)

      * [Stake Delegation](/network-rewards-and-incentives/staking-incentives/stake-delegation)

  * DEVELOPERS

    * [Derivatives Tooling](/developers/derivatives-tooling)

      * [Python & Typescript SDKs](/developers/derivatives-tooling/python-and-typescript-sdks)

      * [Dexterity Typescript SDK QuickStart](/developers/derivatives-tooling/dexterity-typescript-sdk-quickstart)

      * [Dexterity Typscript Scripts](/developers/derivatives-tooling/dexterity-typscript-scripts)

      * [DEX Reference Implementations](/developers/derivatives-tooling/dex-reference-implementations)

    * [Parimutuel Tooling](/developers/parimutuel-tooling)

      * [Typescript SDK](/developers/parimutuel-tooling/typescript-sdk)

      * [Python SDK](/developers/parimutuel-tooling/python-sdk)

      * [Parimutuel Typescript SDK QuickStart](/developers/parimutuel-tooling/parimutuel-typescript-sdk-quickstart)

      * [Parimutuel Typescript + React Project](/developers/parimutuel-tooling/parimutuel-typescript-+-react-project)

        * [Config.tsx](/developers/parimutuel-tooling/parimutuel-typescript-+-react-project/config.tsx)

        * [PariBox.tsx](/developers/parimutuel-tooling/parimutuel-typescript-+-react-project/paribox.tsx)

        * [PlacePositionBox.tsx](/developers/parimutuel-tooling/parimutuel-typescript-+-react-project/placepositionbox.tsx)

        * [PlacePosition.tsx](/developers/parimutuel-tooling/parimutuel-typescript-+-react-project/placeposition.tsx)

    * [Developer Grants](/developers/developer-grants)

      * [Developer Grant FAQs](/developers/developer-grants/developer-grant-faqs)

    * [Oracles](/developers/oracles)

  * Traders

    * [FAQs](/traders/faqs)

  * MARKET MAKERS

    * [Market Maker Reference Implementation](/market-makers/market-maker-reference-implementation)

  * Security

    * [Staking Contract Audit](/security/staking-contract-audit)

  * External Links

    * [Website](https://www.hxro.network/)
    * [Governance, Staking, and Rewards Portal](https://hxro.finance/)
    * [Github](https://github.com/Hxro-Network)
    * [Forum](https://forum.hxro.network/)
    * [Twitter](https://twitter.com/HxroNetwork)
    * [Discord](https://discord.gg/hxronation-740983228134981793)
    * [Brand Kit](/external-links/brand-kit)

      * [Brand and Press](/external-links/brand-kit/brand-and-press)

[Powered by
GitBook](https://www.gitbook.com/?utm_source=content&utm_medium=trademark&utm_campaign=nBRfy9TZFugEQMxYK4Hk)

![Page cover
image](https://docs.hxro.network/~gitbook/image?url=https%3A%2F%2F1204672629-files.gitbook.io%2F%7E%2Ffiles%2Fv0%2Fb%2Fgitbook-
x-
prod.appspot.com%2Fo%2Fspaces%252FnBRfy9TZFugEQMxYK4Hk%252Fuploads%252Fm5wnBSxXvMUTepN3kgIJ%252FUntitled-5%2520%2816%29.png%3Falt%3Dmedia%26token%3D3d61999b-0589-4236-98d6-5fc862311584&width=1248&dpr=4&quality=100&sign=25daeacd15c22fb0ba3d9bd38f79c543a7c974ddaf15dba37aac7e652a5a0be4)

# Welcome to Hxro Network

Protocols powering derivatives trading and betting on Solana

**Hxro Network** protocols power a diverse set of community–built derivatives
trading and betting applications on Solana. The network aims to create the
most liquid markets for Solana-based assets while enabling its ecosystem to
participate in the value it accrues.

###

Derivatives Trading at the Speed of Light

An original tenet of Solana as told by its founder Anatoly Yakovenko was
_"Nasdaq settling at the speed of light,"_ referencing the blockchain’s innate
ability to provide a low-cost, high-throughput solution that could compete
with the largest incumbents in global financial markets.

The multi trillion-dollar global derivatives market is a prime candidate for
disruption by what Solana has accomplished. Low transaction costs enable
accessibility for a broader range of participants, fostering a more diverse
market and increasing liquidity, while speed ensures that traders can swiftly
react to market fluctuations, execute trades promptly, capitalize on split-
second opportunities, and minimize exposure to potential losses.

The combination of enhanced affordability, speed, and transparency that Solana
offers was purpose-built to turn the derivatives industry on its head,
enabling builders to deliver solutions that challenge their traditional
counterparts. However, there is a major hurdle to maximizing this opportunity
that needs to be addressed. This is where Hxro Network comes in.

###

Solving On-Chain Liquidity Fragmentation

If Solana aims to deliver Nasdaq at the speed of light, Hxro aims to be its
derivatives counterpart: the premier on-chain infrastructure facilitating
derivatives markets at scale.

A major issue that has stunted the growth and adoption of on-chain derivatives
markets thus far is **fragmented liquidity**. When a market has multiple
venues, each carrying its own isolated version of the same product, it becomes
very challenging to capture the reflexive nature of market liquidity. Thin
liquidity on multiple, isolated markets has prevented larger participants from
meaningfully engaging whether due to high slippage (large variance between
expected price and execution price), or an inability to efficiently execute
large orders.

Hxro solves this issue by **unifying liquidity at the protocol level**.
Builders of on-chain trading dapps no longer need to source or compete for
liquidity to provide in their order books. By composing with Hxro protocols,
trading dapps can instantly source turnkey, shared liquidity. This is what
Serum initially solved for on-chain spot markets on Solana, and what Hxro has
now solved for derivatives markets such as perpetual and expiring futures.

###

Rebuilding Better: Purpose-Built By Industry Veterans

Hxro Network was co-founded by veteran traders with decades of experience
across traditional and decentralized derivatives markets. From day one, the
network has been supported by contributors from several of the largest trading
firms in the world. All components of Hxro Network were thoughtfully
constructed off the foundation of intimate, end-to-end knowledge of
derivatives market infrastructure.

Collectively, Hxro contributors combined their domain knowledge of established
traditional market infrastructure and merged it with the advancements of on-
chain architecture to create the protocols that underpin the network.

###

A Community-Centric Model

Hxro Network amplifies opportunities for traders and builders alike by
allowing them to participate in its growth and the value it creates. This is
powered by the network's [staking program](/tokenomics-and-staking/network-
staking), as well as several network-level incentive programs that offer
rewards to those who contribute to the growth of the ecosystem.

Last updated 1 month ago

On this page

  * Derivatives Trading at the Speed of Light
  * Solving On-Chain Liquidity Fragmentation 
  * Rebuilding Better: Purpose-Built By Industry Veterans
  * A Community-Centric Model 

