[](/)

  * Building 
    * [Firedancer](/firedancer/)
    * [the Pit](/thepit/)
    * [Cyclone](/cyclone/)
  * Thinking 
    * [Writing](/writing/)
    * [Research](/research/)
  * [Connect](/connect/)

  * [Building](/)
    * [Firedancer](/firedancer/)
    * [the Pit](/thepit/)
    * [Cyclone](/cyclone/)
    * [Collaborations](/collaborations/)
  * [Thinking](/writing/)
    * [Writing](/writing/)
    * [Research](/research/)
    * [Media](/media/)
  * [About](/writing/)
    * [Chronicle](/chronicle/)
    * [Validator](/validator-security/)
    * [Brand & Press](/brand/)
    * [Connect](/connect/)

[](https://twitter.com/jump_)[](https://github.com/JumpCrypto)[](https://www.youtube.com/@jump_)

[Terms of Use_](/terms-of-use/)[Privacy Policy_](/data-protection-and-privacy-
policy/)[Disclaimers_](/nfa/)

![](data:image/svg+xml;base64,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)

# Recap: High-Altitude Innovation at the Pit ETHDenver

![Eden Vander Zee](https://jumpcrypto-
com.ghost.io/content/images/2023/01/avarat-12.png)

###### Eden Vander Zee

![Joe McNaney](https://jumpcrypto-
com.ghost.io/content/images/2023/05/79lspn3p_400x400.jpg)

###### Joe McNaney

[the Pit](/writing/thepit/)

Mar 10 2023 _ 3 min read

![Recap: High-Altitude Innovation at the Pit ETHDenver](https://jumpcrypto-
com.ghost.io/content/images/2023/06/Blog---ETH-Denver-Blog-title.png)

 _February 24–March 4, 2023_  
  
Twenty-five thousand attendees took to the Mile High City for ETHDenver, and
more than 1,000 made their way to the Pit to build alongside industry leaders,
level up in co-working spaces, and attend expert workshops, panels, and social
gatherings.

##  
The Locale

Developers, artists, founders, and everyone in between came together across
two multi-story floors in the heart of downtown Denver to connect with and
learn from fellow builders at the Pit. Powered by snacks, endless coffee, and
each other’s creativity, attendees took advantage of the fast WiFi, high-
caliber speakers, and bustling atmosphere to dream up the next wave of Web3
possibilities.

## The Program

From February 24-March 3, 2023, the full-day sessions featured talks and
panels from crypto all-stars like AAVE’s [Stani
Kulechov](https://twitter.com/StaniKulechov?ref=jumpcrypto.com) and DeGod’s
[Frank](https://twitter.com/frankdegods?ref=jumpcrypto.com), and included a
LearnWeb3 Day, Launch Web3 Day, Polygon Day, and Web3 Careers Day.

Whether new on their crypto journey or accomplished experts, ambitious
builders were drawn to the Pit to create, learn about, and discuss projects
that are pushing Web3 forward.

## Gaining Momentum: Learn Web3 Day and Launch Web3 Day

During the first few days, our co-working and office hours sessions were the
place to be as attendees used the space to get to know one another.

On February 27, things started to heat up with our stacked LearnWeb3 Day,
complete with speakers from Lava Network, Push Protocol, Ledger, Metamask,
Wallet Connect, Trust Wallet, Vayner, Solana Foundation, Aptos, Polygon,
Biconomy, and Fleek.

During a dedicated Algorand Hour, we were joined by Ryan Fox and Joe Polny,
who led “Intro to Algorand” and “Intro to Algorand Development” workshops.

Exhilarated from the day’s high-level overviews, technical workshops, and
panels, we officially kicked off the event socially with a cross-chain Avocado
Party, a private event for our friends in developer relations. Then it was all
devs on deck for the official Pit Opening Party, where everyone enjoyed drinks
and snacks with a side of Web3 innovation.

On Tuesday, February 28—Launch Web3 Day—we dove into more advanced topics,
from building and launching projects to fundraising. Jump Crypto’s [Maher
Latif](https://twitter.com/maherlatif_?ref=jumpcrypto.com) hosted a Fireside
Chat with Aave and Lens co-founder Stani Kulechov, who chatted all things
Web3, including mass adoption, working in the industry, advice for founders,
and more.

The inspiration continued with workshops with Web3 founders and investors from
Jump Crypto, Aave/Lens, Oasis Network, Hyperlane, Injective, Celo, Biconomy,
Airfoil, Dialect, Livepeer, Gelato, Open Zeppelin, Big Brain, Lemniscap,
Galaxy Digital, and OtterSec.

## A Polygon Takeover

Polygon was in the house on March 1, offering attendees a mix of networking
opportunities that included a Product Vision workshop and panel on Blockchain
& Social Impact.

In addition to Polygon speakers, we were joined by brilliant minds from
Axelar, Fractal ID, Kaleido, Giant Protocol, Gatekeeper, Nume Crypto,
Chainlink, ScalingX, Unstoppable Domains, SheFi, QiDAO, and Metacrafters.

To cap the Wednesday lineup, an Apres Ski Soiree was sponsored by our friends
at Polygon Labs, Fireblocks, and Alchemy.

## Fine-Tuning Careers: Web3 Careers Day

Whether you’re just starting out or well on your way to something worth
sharing, Thursday was all about building a successful career in Web3.

To guide the Web3 enthusiasts, speakers from 1inch, Jump Crypto, Matter
Labs/zkSync, Scroll, Web3Auth, Maven11, Celestia, Nansen, Up Top, Certik,
Aragon, Mantle, Metis, Neon, Evmos, Moonbeam, Aurora, Visa, Galaxy Digital,
and Wintermute shared their insights, tips, and best practices.

President of Jump Crypto [Kanav
Kariya](https://twitter.com/KanavKariya?ref=jumpcrypto.com) also joined us for
an enlightening fireside chat. It was a tough act to follow, but a Web3
Careers panel delivered thanks to David Micley (BD at Wintermute), Catherine
Gu (Head of CBDC and Protocols at Visa Crypto), Zach Segal (Head of Listings
at Coinbase) and CJ Huntzinger (Crypto Venture Marketing & Comms at Galaxy).

## The Grand Finale

We took things slightly slower on March 3, facilitating co-working
opportunities and office hours slots brimming with chances to connect and
network.

We closed the week out by dedicating the Pit to anyone looking for some last-
minute inspiration, including the finalists of Builder Tribe’s ETHDenver Demo
Day, who pitched live to an audience of crypto VCs.

The closing party commemorated the energy and enthusiasm that characterized
the week, complete with music, drinks, and even more networking. We couldn’t
have done it without the passionate collective of speakers, sponsors, and
builders who came together to keep Web3 moving forward.

For the full breakdown, you can [read more here](https://medium.com/encode-
club/the-pit-hacker-house-at-ethdenver-2023-presented-by-encode-
club-c03eedca0d9c?ref=jumpcrypto.com).

Share

![](/static/subscribe2-825809a798c6960f978785c6581f4afb.svg)

#### Stay up to date with the latest from Jump_

​

.Subscribe

#### More articles

[![SAFU: Creating a Standard for Whitehats](https://jumpcrypto-
com.ghost.io/content/images/2022/10/Standards-for-Whitehats-Thread---
blog.png)SAFU: Creating a Standard for WhitehatsWhitehats and DeFi protocols
need a shared understanding of security policy. We propose the SAFU - Simple
Arrangement for Funding Upload - as a versatile and credible way to let
whitehats know what to...](/writing/safu-creating-a-standard-for-whitehats/)

Oct 24 2022 _ 17 min

Share

[![Huckleberry: IBC Event Hallucinations](https://jumpcrypto-
com.ghost.io/content/images/2023/09/New-Blog-Post.png)Huckleberry: IBC Event
HallucinationsThis blog post describes a vulnerability in ibc-go, the
reference implementation of the Interblockchain Communication Protocol (IBC)
used by most Cosmos blockchains](/writing/huckleberry-ibc-event-
hallucinations/)

Sep 06 2023 _ 4 min

Share

[![Mapping Markets: Evaluating Blockchain’s Mass Adoption
Potential](https://jumpcrypto-com.ghost.io/content/images/2023/06/Blog---
Mapping-Markets_-Evaluating-Blockchain-s-Mass-Adoption-Potential.png)Mapping
Markets: Evaluating Blockchain’s Mass Adoption PotentialIn this post, we
propose a geographically-oriented framework, which we call “Pueyo Maps”
(inspired by Tomas Pueyo’s geo-history), as a way of evaluating the long-term
suitability of blockchain-based s...](/writing/mapping-markets-blockchain-
mass-adoption-potential/)

Jun 05 2023 _ 20 min

Share

Disclaimer

The information on this website and on the Brick by Brick podcast or Ship Show
Twitter spaces is provided for informational, educational, and entertainment
purposes only.  This information is not intended to be and does not constitute
financial advice, investment advice, trading advice, or any other type of
advice.  You should not make any decision – financial, investment, trading or
otherwise – based on any of the information presented here without undertaking
your own due diligence and consulting with a financial adviser.  Trading,
including that of digital assets or cryptocurrency, has potential rewards as
well as potential risks involved. Trading may not be suitable for all
individuals. Recordings of podcast episodes or Twitter spaces events may be
used in the future.

![](data:image/svg+xml;charset=utf-8,%3Csvg height='619' width='1338'
xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg' version='1.1'%3E%3C/svg%3E)

![](data:image/png;base64,iVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAAABQAAAAJCAYAAAAywQxIAAAACXBIWXMAAAsTAAALEwEAmpwYAAAAD0lEQVQoz2NgGAWjYBgCAALZAAHP5sSUAAAAAElFTkSuQmCC)![](/static/bb55dfe76137757a150d8db409a314e1/80e7e/brandLines.svg)![](/static/bb55dfe76137757a150d8db409a314e1/80e7e/brandLines.svg)

###### Building_

  * [Firedancer](/firedancer/)
  * [the Pit](/thepit/)
  * [Cyclone](/cyclone/)

###### Thinking_

  * [Writing](/writing/)
  * [Research](/research/)

###### About_

  * [Validator Security](/validator-security/)
  * [Connect](/connect/)

[Terms of Use_](/terms-of-use/)[Privacy Policy_](/data-protection-and-privacy-
policy/)[Disclaimers_](/nfa/)

© 2024 Jump Crypto. All Rights Reserved.

Jump Crypto does not operate any business lines that accept funds from
external investors. Any person, company, or app purporting to accept external
investor funds on behalf of Jump Crypto is fraudulent.

[](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D5njM0gZ-GE)

[]()

Search

Info

Shopping

Tap to unmute

If playback doesn't begin shortly, try restarting your device.

This video is private

[](https://www.youtube.com)

## More videos on YouTube

Share

Include playlist

An error occurred while retrieving sharing information. Please try again
later.

Watch later

Share

Copy link

Watch on

0:00

/ •Live

•

[](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D5njM0gZ-GE "Watch on YouTube")

# An error occurred.

Unable to execute JavaScript.

