Metaco.com will be sunset as of June 7, 2024

[Learn more](https://ripple.com/solutions/digital-asset-custody/ "Learn more")

Skip to main content

[![Metaco](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/logo.svg?x88149)![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/logo-w.svg?x88149)](https://www.metaco.com)

  * Solutions __

__Solutions

Solutions

    * [__Global Custodians Build tomorrow's market infrastructure ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/global-custodians-top-tier-banks/)
    * [__Universal Banks Satisfy demand for new asset classes ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/universal-banks/)
    * [__Neobanks & FintechsFind new routes to monetization ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/neobanks-fintechs/)
    * [__Regulated Exchanges Grow volumes and profit margins ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/regulated-exchanges/)
    * [__Corporates Boost customer loyalty and engagement ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/corporates/)

  * Platform __

__Platform

Platform

Deploy ambitious digital asset use cases with the most secure and versatile
infrastructure.

    * [__Harmonize™ Platform Overview Issue, store, trade, transfer, settle and service any type of digital asset. ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/harmonize/)
    * [__Custody Hot, warm and institutional cold storage ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/custody/)
    * [__Trading Powerful order execution, funding and settlement ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/trading/)
    * [__Web3 Web3 Portal spanning NFTs, DeFi and DApps ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/web3/)
    * [__Governance Entirely customizable risk and compliance controls ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/governance/)
    * [__Orchestration A single source of truth for managing all digital assets ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/orchestration/)
    * [__Tokenization Asset-agnostic smart contract management framework ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/tokenization/)
    * [__Integration Fully integrable platform following enterprise standards ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/integration/)
    * [__Security Highest protection against insider and external threats ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/security/)

  * Company __

__Company

Company

    * [__About](https://www.metaco.com/company/about/)
    * [__Media & news](https://www.metaco.com/company/media-coverage-press-releases/)
    * [__Careers](https://www.metaco.com/careers/)

  * Resources __

__Resources

Resources

    * [__Talks](https://www.metaco.com/resources/talks/)
    * [__Webinars](https://www.metaco.com/resources/webinars/)
    * [__Case studies](https://www.metaco.com/resources/case-studies/)
    * [__Reports](https://www.metaco.com/resources/reports/)
    * [__Blog](https://www.metaco.com/resources/blog/)

[Contact](https://www.metaco.com/contact/ "Contact")

[Press release](https://www.metaco.com/category/press-release/)

# GFT and Metaco partner for highly customizable, secure and efficient
institutional digital asset custody and tokenization solutions

Safe and efficient digital asset custody boosts competitiveness

  * __ June 6, 2023
  *  __13 min

EnglishGerman

Share

  * [ __](https://www.linkedin.com/sharing/share-offsite/?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.metaco.com%2Fpress-release%2Fgft-metaco-institutional-partnership%2F)
  * [__](https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Metaco+https%3A%2F%2Fwww.metaco.com%2Fpress-release%2Fgft-metaco-institutional-partnership%2F+via+%40metaco_sa)

![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/06/metaco-and-
gft.png?x88149)

#### Stuttgart, Germany and Lausanne, Switzerland – 06 June 2023 —

Assets of all kinds are becoming fully or partially digital, with
approximately [five to ten percent of all assets expected to be represented on
distributed ledgers by
2030](https://www.northerntrust.com/content/dam/northerntrust/pws/nt/documents/asset-
servicing/beyond-asset-tokenisation.pdf) – be it non-fungible tokens (NFTs),
digital currencies, digital securities or tokenized supply chain items.
Companies now have access to a cost-effective and seamless path towards highly
customizable, enterprise-secure, and efficient digital asset custody and
tokenization solutions.

The reason: In a new partnership, [**Metaco**](https://www.metaco.com/) and
[**GFT (GFT-XE)**](https://www.gft.com/int/en/) are joining forces to combine
Metaco’s highly secure, configurable and versatile core platform for
institutional digital asset management,
[**Harmonize****™**](https://www.metaco.com/platform/harmonize/) with GFT’s
award-winning smart contract, DLT network development and integration
services. Together the two companies provide integrated digital asset
solutions that are suitable for all kinds of companies operating across
regulated and non-regulated industries, including financial services
institutions, retailers, and manufacturing companies. They can now embed
digital assets into their operations, such as corporate treasuries. Not only
that: they can design customized offerings in the digital asset space while
still retaining full control over assets and processes.

> “No business, no matter in what industry, will be successful in the long run
> if it doesn’t leverage the potential of distributed ledger technology,”

**says[David Creer](https://www.linkedin.com/in/davidcreer/), Global DLT,
Crypto and E-money Lead at GFT.**

> “But there still are challenges – among them making sure that custody
> solutions are a perfect fit for any given use case, that wallet management
> and associated systems are safe, and keeping costs down. We aim to change
> that.”

#### Safe, cost-effective and fully customizable

The integrated solutions from GFT and Metaco are extremely cost-effective
because Metaco Harmonize™ is a highly specialized and modular platform which
can be configured to offer tailored digital asset custody and tokenization
services, fit for each institution’s target operating model. Its asset-
agnostic nature ensures that many different digital asset classes are
supported in an extremely secure way, thanks to Metaco’s multi-layered
security architecture model, underpinned by a highly parameterizable
governance framework which eliminates single points of compromise. GFT’s many
years of experience working on DLT and crypto projects, meanwhile, make sure
implementation is smooth and swift.

Companies gain:

  * The safest crypto custody deployment in the market
  * Expert 24/7 support based on enterprise grade SLAs
  * Increased customer satisfaction
  * Faster systems integration of crypto custody software
  * Technical and functional analysis of DLT projects that can be implemented end-to-end in the way that fits the business
  * Security by design approach to digital asset deployments

> “This partnership makes it easy for companies to unlock the benefits of the
> token economy and build business models on top of robust and secure digital
> asset custody and smart contract management services.”

**commented[Seamus Donoghue](https://www.linkedin.com/in/seamus-
donoghue-2504115a/), Chief Growth Officer at Metaco.**

The joint offering from Metaco and GFT is designed to help companies get
started on their digital asset journey, enhance their offering and boost their
competitiveness. The offering is designed for any type of company in any stage
of development; from crypto focused startups, to existing digital asset
custodians or incumbent banks and corporates.

GFT and Metaco have already successfully cooperated for several clients
including Togg, VP Bank and other regulated financial service institutions.

_This press release is also available for download via the  _[_GFT
newsroom_](https://www.gft.com/int/en/index/company/newsroom/gft-news/).

####

#### About Metaco

Founded in 2015 in Switzerland, Metaco is an enterprise technology company
whose mission is to enable financial and non-financial institutions to
securely build their digital asset operations. The company’s core product,
[Harmonize™](https://www.metaco.com/platform/harmonize/), is a mission-
critical orchestration platform for digital assets. From asset-agnostic
custody and trading to tokenization, staking and smart contract management,
the platform seamlessly connects institutions to the broad universe of
decentralized finance (DeFi) and decentralized applications (Web3 Dapps).
Metaco has established itself as the institutional standard for digital asset
infrastructure, trusted by the world’s largest global custodians, banks,
regulated exchanges, and corporates. Its software and technology solutions
enable institutions to store, trade, issue and manage any type of digital
asset — such as crypto and digital currencies, digital securities, and non-
fungible tokens (NFTs) – with the highest possible security and agility.

Metaco is part of Ripple, the leader in enterprise blockchain and crypto
solutions.

[www.metaco.com](https://www.metaco.com/)

#### About GFT – Shaping the future of digital business

GFT is a digital transformation pioneer that develops sustainable solutions
based on new technologies including artificial intelligence and
blockchain/DLT. Services range from core system modernisation and migration to
open cloud platforms, as well as the introduction of carbon conscious coding.

GFT’s strengths include deep technical expertise, strong partnerships and
comprehensive market insights. The company uses them to design digital
transformation for clients from the finance and insurance sectors as well as
the manufacturing industry. Through the intelligent use of technology it adds
value and increases productivity for clients. GFT experts create and implement
scalable software applications that make access to innovative business models
safe and easy.

With locations in more than 15 markets around the globe, GFT ensures proximity
to its clients. The company draws on over 35 years of experience and a team of
over 10,000 determined experts. GFT provides them with career opportunities in
the most innovative areas of software engineering. The GFT Technologies SE
share is listed in the SDAX index of the German Stock Exchange (ticker: GFT-
XE).

[www.gft.com](http://www.gft.com)  
[www.blog.gft.com](http://www.blog.gft.com)  
[www.linkedin.com/company/gft-group/](http://www.linkedin.com/company/gft-
group/)  
[www.twitter.com/gft](http://www.twitter.com/gft)

#### Media Contacts

**GFT**  
Dr Markus Müller  
Group Public Relations  
GFT Technologies SE  
Schelmenwasenstraße 34  
70567 Stuttgart  
Germany  
+49 711 62042-344  
[markus.j.mueller@gft.com](mailto:markus.j.mueller@gft.com)

**Metaco**  
Florence Feng  
[metaco@ashburycommunications.com](mailto:metaco@ashburycommunications.com)  
+65 96430557



* * *



### GFT und Metaco kooperieren bei institutionellen Verwahrlösungen für
digitale Assets und Tokenisierungslösungen

##### Sichere, effiziente Verwahrlösung für digitale Assets steigert
Wettbewerbsfähigkeit

#### Stuttgart und Lausanne – 06. Juni  2023 —

Assets aller Art sind heute vollständig oder teilweise digital. [Fünf bis zehn
Prozent aller Assets werden bis 2030 voraussichtlich in Distributed Ledger
erfasst
sein](https://www.northerntrust.com/content/dam/northerntrust/pws/nt/documents/asset-
servicing/beyond-asset-tokenisation.pdf), beispielsweise als nicht-fungible
Token (NFTs), digitale Währungen, digitale Wertpapiere oder tokenisierte
Supply-Chain-Elemente. Unternehmen steht jetzt ein kosteneffizienter und
reibungsloser Weg zu Verwahrlösungen für digitale Assets und
Tokenisierungslösungen offen, die hochanpassbar, unternehmenssicher und
effizient sind.

Denn als neue Partner bündeln [**Metaco**](https://www.metaco.com/) and [**GFT
(GFT-XE)**](https://www.gft.com/int/en/) ihre Kräfte:
[**Harmonize****™**](https://www.metaco.com/platform/harmonize/), die
hochsichere, konfigurierbare und vielseitige Kernplattform für das
institutionelle Management digitaler Assets von Metaco, verbindet sich mit den
preisgekrönten Smart-Contract- und DLT-Netzwerkentwicklungs- und
-integrationsservices von GFT. Gemeinsam bieten beide Unternehmen integrierte
Lösungen für digitale Assets. Diese sind für alle Unternehmen geeignet, die in
regulierten und nicht regulierten Branchen tätig sind, darunter
Finanzdienstleister, Einzelhändler oder produzierende Unternehmen. Damit haben
diese jetzt die Möglichkeit, digitale Assets in ihre Betriebsabläufe zu
integrieren, wie z. B. die Finanzverwaltung. Und nicht nur das: Sie können
individuelle Angebote im Digital-Asset-Bereich entwickeln und dabei die volle
Kontrolle über Assets und Prozesse behalten.

> “Unternehmen in jeder Branche werden nur dann langfristig erfolgreich sein,
> wenn sie das Potenzial der Distributed-Ledger-Technologie für sich nutzen”

**erklärt[David Creer](https://www.linkedin.com/in/davidcreer/), Global DLT,
Crypto and E-Money Lead bei GFT.  **

> “Dabei sind noch Herausforderungen zu lösen, wenn es zum Beispiel darum
> geht, Verwahrlösungen perfekt auf jeden Einsatzzweck abzustimmen und das
> Wallet-Management sicher und kostengünstig zu gestalten. Und genau daran
> arbeiten wir.”

#### Sicher, kosteneffizient und vollständig anpassbar

Die integrierten Lösungen von GFT und Metaco sind äußerst kosteneffizient.
Denn Metaco Harmonize™ ist eine hochspezialisierte und modulare Plattform, die
so konfiguriert werden kann, dass maßgeschneiderte Verwahrlösungen für
digitale Assets und Tokenisierungslösungen angeboten werden können. Damit
bekommt jede Institution ihre individuelle Lösung, die zu ihrem Betriebsmodell
passt. Die Asset-Unabhängigkeit von Metaco stellt sicher, dass viele
verschiedene Klassen an digitalen Assets äußerst sicher unterstützt werden.
Das gelingt dank des Modells der mehrschichtigen Sicherheitsarchitektur von
Metaco, die auf einem hoch parametrierbaren Governance-Framework basiert, bei
dem einzelne Angriffspunkte beseitigt werden. Die langjährige Erfahrung von
GFT mit der Distributed-Ledger-Technologie (DLT) und bei Krypto-Projekten
macht die Implementierung reibungslos und zügig.

Die Vorteile für Unternehmen:

  * Sicherste Krypto-Verwahrungs-Bereitstellung auf dem Markt
  * Experten-Support rund um die Uhr mit SLAs auf Enterprise-Niveau
  * Höhere Kundenzufriedenheit
  * Schnellere Systemintegration von Krypto-Verwahr-Software
  * Technische und funktionelle Analyse von DLT-Projekten, die End-to-End und auf Unternehmen individuell abgestimmt implementiert wird
  * „Security by Design“-Ansatz bei Bereitstellungen digitaler Assets

> “Mit dieser Partnerschaft profitieren Unternehmen maximal von der Token
> Economy. Sie erstellen Geschäftsmodelle auf Basis einer stabilen, sicheren
> Verwahrlösung für digitale Assets und Management-Services für Smart
> Contracts.”

**ergänzt Seamus Donoghue, Chief Growth Officer bei Metaco.**

Das gemeinsame Angebot von Metaco und GFT erleichtert Unternehmen die ersten
Schritte bei digitalen Assets, sodass sie ihr Angebot erweitern und ihre
Wettbewerbsfähigkeit steigern können. Das Angebot wurde für Unternehmen aller
Art und in jeder Wachstumsphase konzipiert – von Start-ups, die sich auf
Kryptowährungen spezialisiert haben, über Verwahrstellen für digitale Assets
bis hin zu etablierten Banken und Unternehmen.

GFT und Metaco haben bereits in der Vergangenheit für eine Reihe von Kunden,
darunter Togg, VP Bank und weitere regulierte
Finanzdienstleistungsunternehmen, erfolgreich zusammengearbeitet.

_Diese Pressemitteilung steht Ihnen auch im_[ _GFT
Newsroom_](https://www.gft.com/de/de/index/unternehmen/newsroom/) _  zum
Download zur Verfügung._

####

#### Über Metaco

Metaco wurde 2015 in der Schweiz gegründet und ist ein Technologieunternehmen
mit dem Ziel, Finanzinstituten und anderen Organisationen dabei zu helfen, ihr
Digital-Asset-Geschäft sicher zu betreiben. Das Kernprodukt des Unternehmens,
[Harmonize™](https://eur02.safelinks.protection.outlook.com/?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.metaco.com%2Fplatform%2Fharmonize%2F&data=05%7C01%7Cmarkus.j.mueller%40gft.com%7Cfc721f7af2a648877d2808db61d42643%7C55a2bc67aec14ad29a9c5b2457b91dcd%7C0%7C0%7C638211338066728675%7CUnknown%7CTWFpbGZsb3d8eyJWIjoiMC4wLjAwMDAiLCJQIjoiV2luMzIiLCJBTiI6Ik1haWwiLCJXVCI6Mn0%3D%7C3000%7C%7C%7C&sdata=WCdqGfJi4KLhLFFBBm%2BsMaiw%2FOkBUbjwxJe%2B3TfO0So%3D&reserved=0),
ist eine erfolgskritische Orchestrierungsplattform für digitale Assets. Die
Plattform verbindet Institutionen nahtlos mit dem Universum dezentraler
Finanzen (DeFi) und dezentraler Anwendungen (Web3 Dapps), von der Asset-
agnostischen Verwahrung und dem Handel bis hin zu Tokenisierung, Staking und
der Verwaltung von Smart Contracts. Metaco hat sich als institutioneller
Standard für die Digital-Assets-Infrastruktur etabliert und hat das Vertrauen
der weltweit größten globalen Verwahrstellen, Banken, regulierten Börsen und
Unternehmen erworben. Die Software- und Technologielösungen von Metaco helfen
Institutionen, jede Art digitaler Vermögenswerte – wie Krypto- und
Digitalwährungen, digitale Wertpapiere und non-fungible Tokens (NFT) – mit
höchstmöglicher Sicherheit und Agilität zu speichern, zu handeln, auszugeben
und zu verwalten.

Metaco ist Teil von Ripple, dem führenden Anbieter von Blockchain- und Krypto-
Lösungen für Unternehmen.

[www.metaco.com](https://www.metaco.com/)

#### Über GFT – Shaping the future of digital business.

GFT ist ein Pionier in der digitalen Transformation. Das Unternehmen
entwickelt nachhaltige Lösungen auf Basis neuer Technologien, darunter
künstliche Intelligenz und Blockchain/DLT. Zum Leistungsangebot gehören die
Modernisierung von Kernsystemen, die Migration zu offenen Cloud-Plattformen
und die Einführung von energieeffizientem Code.

Stärken von GFT sind fundiertes technisches Know-how, starke Partnerschaften
und umfassende Branchenkenntnisse. Damit gestaltet das Unternehmen gezielt die
digitale Transformation seiner Kunden in der Finanz- und Versicherungsbranche
sowie in der Fertigungsindustrie. Durch den intelligenten Einsatz von
Technologie profitieren GFT Kunden von einem größeren Mehrwert und einer
höheren Produktivität. Die Experten und Expertinnen von GFT entwickeln und
implementieren skalierbare Software-Anwendungen. Dadurch machen sie den Zugang
zu innovativen Geschäftsmodellen sicher und einfach.

Mit Standorten in mehr als 15 Märkten weltweit garantiert GFT Nähe zu seinen
Kunden. Das Unternehmen vereint außerdem mehr als 35 Jahre Erfahrung und ein
globales Team aus über 10.000 engagierten Talenten. GFT bietet ihnen
Karrieremöglichkeiten in den innovativsten Bereichen der Softwareentwicklung.
Die Aktie der GFT Technologies SE ist im SDAX der Deutschen Börse gelistet
(Ticker: GFT-XE).

[www.gft.com/de](http://www.gft.com/de)  
[www.blog.gft.com/de ](http://www.blog.gft.com/de)  
[www.linkedin.com/company/gft-group/](http://www.linkedin.com/company/gft-
group/)  
[www.twitter.com/gft_de](http://www.twitter.com/gft_de)

#### Pressekontakt:

**GFT**  
Dr. Markus Müller  
Group Public Relations  
GFT Technologies SE  
Schelmenwasenstraße 34  
70567 Stuttgart  
+49 711 62042-344  
[markus.j.mueller@gft.com](mailto:markus.j.mueller@gft.com)

**Metaco**  
Florence Feng  
metaco@ashburycommunications.com  
+65 96430557

* * *



![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/footer.png?x88149)

## **Explore** more

  * ![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/12/metaco-pr-template-zodia.jpg?x88149)

[Press release](https://www.metaco.com/category/press-release/)

December 4, 2023### [Zodia Custody integrates on Metaco
network](https://www.metaco.com/press-release/zodia-custody-metaco-network/
"Zodia Custody integrates on Metaco network")

  * ![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/11/metaco-pr-template-square-bbva.png?x88149)

[Press release](https://www.metaco.com/category/press-release/)

November 21, 2023### [BBVA Switzerland expands partnership with
Metaco](https://www.metaco.com/press-release/bbva-switzerland-partnership-
institutional-harmonize/ "BBVA Switzerland expands partnership with Metaco")

  * ![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/04/metaco-placeholder.png?x88149)

[Press release](https://www.metaco.com/category/press-release/)

November 8, 2023### [Announcing HSBC’s New Digital Assets Custody
Service](https://www.metaco.com/press-release/hsbc-metaco-digital-asset-
custody/ "Announcing HSBC’s New Digital Assets Custody Service")

[![Metaco](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/logo-w.svg?x88149)](https://www.metaco.com)

  * [Solutions](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/)
    * [Global Custodians](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/global-custodians-top-tier-banks/)
    * [Universal Banks](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/universal-banks/)
    * [Neobanks & Fintechs](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/neobanks-fintechs/)
    * [Regulated Exchanges](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/regulated-exchanges/)
    * [Corporates](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/corporates/)
  * [Platform](https://www.metaco.com/platform/)
    * [Harmonize™](https://www.metaco.com/platform/harmonize/)
    * [Custody](https://www.metaco.com/platform/custody/)
    * [Trading](https://www.metaco.com/platform/trading/)
    * [Web3](https://www.metaco.com/platform/web3/)
    * [Governance](https://www.metaco.com/platform/governance/)
    * [Orchestration](https://www.metaco.com/platform/orchestration/)
    * [Tokenization](https://www.metaco.com/platform/tokenization/)
    * [Integration](https://www.metaco.com/platform/integration/)
    * [Security](https://www.metaco.com/platform/security/)
  * [Company](https://www.metaco.com/company/media-coverage-press-releases/)
    * [About](https://www.metaco.com/company/about/)
    * [Media & news](https://www.metaco.com/company/media-coverage-press-releases/)
    * [Jobs](https://www.metaco.com/jobs/)
  * [Resources](https://www.metaco.com/resources/)
    * [Talks](https://www.metaco.com/resources/talks/)
    * [Webinars](https://www.metaco.com/resources/webinars/)
    * [Case studies](https://www.metaco.com/resources/case-studies/)
    * [Reports](https://www.metaco.com/resources/reports/)
    * [Blog](https://www.metaco.com/resources/blog/)

![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/10/sco2.png?x88149)![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/10/iso27001.png?x88149)

  * [__](https://www.twitter.com/metaco_sa "Twitter: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")
  * [__](https://www.linkedin.com/company/metaco-ag/ "Linkedin: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")
  * [__](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC4MLOKnJD9bXfHVXMnHM7ow "Youtube: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")
  * [__](https://open.spotify.com/show/0IiI7iftR3F3RqinfJbpRT "Spotify: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")

© 2015-2024 - Metaco SA - All Rights Reserved |[ Terms & Conditions](https://www.metaco.com/terms-conditions/) | [Privacy Policy](https://www.metaco.com/privacy-policy/) | [Cookie policy](https://www.metaco.com/cookie-policy/)

