[](https://www.binance.com/en)

[Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/crypto/buy)

[Markets](https://www.binance.com/en/markets/overview)

Trade

Basic

  * [SpotBuy and sell on the Spot market with advanced tools](https://www.binance.com/en/trade/BTC_USDT?type=spot)
  * [MarginIncrease your profits with leverage](https://www.binance.com/en/trade?type=cross)
  * [P2PBuy & sell cryptocurrencies using bank transfer and 800+ options](https://p2p.binance.com/en)
  * [Convert & Block TradeThe easiest way to trade at all sizes](https://www.binance.com/en/convert)

Advanced

  * [Trading BotsTrade smarter with our various automated strategies - easy, fast and reliable](https://www.binance.com/en/trading-bots)
  * [Copy TradingFollow the most popular traders](https://www.binance.com/en/copy-trading)
  * [APIsUnlimited opportunities with one key](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-api)

[Futures](https://www.binance.com/en/futures/home)

  * [USDⓈ-M FuturesContracts settled in USDT and USDC](https://www.binance.com/en/futures)
  * [COIN-M FuturesContracts settled in cryptocurrency](https://www.binance.com/en/delivery)
  * [OptionsUSDT Options with limited downside and affordable entry](https://www.binance.com/en/eoptions)

[Earn](https://www.binance.com/en/earn)

[Square](https://www.binance.com/en/square)

  * [SquareStay informed with everything crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/square)
  * [Academy (Learn & Earn)Earn crypto by learning about blockchain](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn)
  * [BlogExpand your knowledge and get the latest insights](https://www.binance.com/en/blog)
  * [ResearchInstitutional-grade analysis, in-depth insights, and more](https://www.binance.com/en/research)

More

  * [VIP & InstitutionalYour trusted digital asset platform for VIPs and institutions](https://www.binance.com/en/vip-institutional-services)
  * [Launchpad & LaunchpoolDiscover and gain access to new token launches](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)
  * [MegadropLock your BNB and complete Web3 quests for boosted airdrop rewards](https://www.binance.com/en/megadrop)
  * [Mining PoolMine more rewards by connecting to the pool](https://pool.binance.com/en)
  * [PaySend, receive and spend crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/payment)
  * [LoansGet an instant loan secured by crypto assets](https://www.binance.com/en/loan)

  * [NFTExplore NFTs from creators worldwide](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/home)
  * [Fan TokenDiscover an all-new fandom and unlock unlimited fan experiences](https://www.binance.com/en/fan-token)
  * [Web3 WalletMeet the next-generation Web3 wallet](https://www.binance.com/en/web3wallet)
  * [BNB ChainThe most popular blockchain to build your own dApp](https://www.bnbchain.org)
  * [CharityBlockchain empowers charity to be more transparent, efficient, and traceable](https://www.binance.charity)

[Log
In](https://accounts.binance.com/en/login?loginChannel=blog&return_to=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYmluYW5jZS5jb20vZW4vYmxvZy9sZWFkZXJzaGlwL2hpZ2hsaWdodHMtZnJvbS1yaWNoYXJkLXRlbmdzLWNoYXQtYXQtdGFpcGVpLWJsb2NrY2hhaW4td2Vlay02Mzc0MTM1MTI4MDUyNTI3MzcwP2xhbmc9ZW4%3D)[Sign
Up](https://accounts.binance.com/en/register?registerChannel=blog&return_to=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYmluYW5jZS5jb20vZW4vYmxvZy9sZWFkZXJzaGlwL2hpZ2hsaWdodHMtZnJvbS1yaWNoYXJkLXRlbmdzLWNoYXQtYXQtdGFpcGVpLWJsb2NrY2hhaW4td2Vlay02Mzc0MTM1MTI4MDUyNTI3MzcwP2xhbmc9ZW4%3D)

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/images/common/logo.png)

Scan to Download App IOS & Android

[More Download
Options](https://www.binance.com/en/download?utm_source=&utm_campaign=)

##### [Binance Blog](/blog)

# Highlights From Richard Teng’s Chat at Taipei Blockchain Week

2023-12-18

## Main Takeaways

  * On December 14, 2023, Richard Teng, Binance’s CEO, sat for a fireside chat at Taipei Blockchain Week.

  * Some of the most intriguing questions for Richard were about his personal journey, the future of crypto adoption, and the role of Binance’s community.

  * As Binance continues on its new chapter, our commitment to users remains our most important focus. We are also pivoting toward being a compliance-led organization, combining these two priorities to ensure a robust, sustainable future.

_What follows is a summary of Richard Teng’s answers to some of the questions
he received during a fireside chat at Taipei Blockchain Week on December 14,
2023. Please note that this transcript has been edited for length and
clarity._

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20231218/da7ef93d-b239-463e-9e23-7b0bbd2ded1e)

##  On Becoming CEO

 _What does your new position mean for Binance? What changes can we expect
from this transition?_

**Richard:** Firstly, I feel very honored and humbled. CZ, the leadership
team, and the rest of my staff have placed their trust in me to lead this very
important franchise. I take that responsibility very seriously. Our user base
continues to grow. We now have over 167 million users globally, and that
number continues to grow at a rapid pace.

I've set up my three commitments at the start of my tenure. Firstly,
continuing to be user-focused. Over the past six years, that’s what made us
become the top crypto exchange globally. Going forward, that's what's going to
continue driving us. User protection is sacrosanct, and we place a lot of
emphasis on that.

Secondly, working with global regulators to uphold industry standards. The
direction of travel in crypto is clear: you're going to see much more
regulation. Thirdly, I want to work closely with global and local partners to
embrace Web3 and push ahead with crypto adoption. The more we can build our
ecosystem, the better off everybody is.

## On Personal Journey

 _How does one go from being a regulator in Singapore to now the CEO of
Binance? What are some lessons you learned along the way?_

**Richard:** I am not the traditional regulator you may think of. Even during
my days with the Monetary Authority of Singapore (MAS), I was involved with
developing Singapore as a financial services center. To me, it is two-
dimensional. You have to make sure you support growth as well as manage risk.
If you look solely at managing risk, you're not going to support very dynamic
growth. These two are very important to balance.

I was fortunate in the early days of my career, as I was involved in trying to
develop Singapore as a financial center, building the wealth management, asset
management, insurance sectors, our exchange, etc. I got firsthand experience
on how to get those things right. I was then at Singapore Exchange (SGX), and
then I was headhunted to be the CEO of Abu Dhabi Global Market (ADGM).

Again, I had the opportunity to build up a new financial center, which isn’t
easy. I was in charge of both business development and the regulatory side, as
well as how to get that balance right. In 2017, I became one of the first
regulators in the world to get a taste of crypto, and I said, “This is going
to be the future of finance.”

For crypto to gain mainstream adoption, you need two things. First, you need
clear regulations. If there's transparency of rules, the industry knows how to
operate, and users can gain confidence. Second, with clear regulations, you're
going to bring in institutional investors, which is important. They bring in
new assets, liquidity, users, products, and research, and that is very
important for the mass adoption of crypto.

## On Regulatory Collaboration

 _What are the biggest challenges for regulatory collaboration, and how should
the industry address this?_

**Richard:** Other than internal stakeholders, you have to engage with three
key external stakeholders. Firstly, your policymakers and regulators.
Secondly, your partners. Thirdly, your users – if nobody uses a platform, then
you're nothing. For the first group, I would say there's still a knowledge gap
in understanding the technology and potential of crypto. Those are
conversations we have globally. Many jurisdictions approach us when they want
to start regulating crypto – there's a knowledge gap here.

Traditional media still associates crypto and blockchain with scams and
illicit funds. However, if you look at the data, the amount of illicit funds
flowing through crypto is a very small fraction of what flows through fiat
channels. Crypto is a traceable technology, making it easier to track than
fiat currency. The beauty of the technology is evident.

We hold many classes for law enforcement agencies and regulators. Last year,
we conducted classes in Taiwan for law enforcement agencies. This is part of
our educational efforts and collaboration. We want to debunk some of the myths
and misperceptions around crypto to build this sector in a more robust and
vibrant way.

## On Institutional Adoption

 _This past year, we've seen many institutional players embrace crypto. Do you
think this will trigger the next wave of mass adoption, and where are we now
on this front?_

**Richard:** Even since 2017, my thesis has been that you need two dimensions
to come into play for mass adoption to take place. Firstly, clear regulation,
which we are seeing now, so the momentum is picking up on this front.
Secondly, we’re seeing strong momentum in terms of institutional adoption. The
top hundred financial institutions, and even the local financial institutions,
are getting keen and interested.

My belief is that the backbone of finance for the next 20, 30 years is going
to be built on blockchain and artificial intelligence (AI). These are going to
be the wave for the future – it's an undeniable trend. Technology will
continue to improve itself, including crypto. We're going to see many exciting
use cases and projects, and it's going to be much more robust. To bring us
from 1% to 5% took us a fair amount of time, but from 5% to 10% or 20%, it's
going to take a shorter period of time. With institutions coming in, there
will be new money pools, liquidity, users, research, products, etc., and the
pace of adoption is going to be much faster.

## On Binance Web3 Wallet

 _How important is the Binance Web3 Wallet in the broader Binance ecosystem?
What can we expect from it next year?_

**Richard:** We keep innovating on different user fronts, and the [_Binance
Web3 Wallet_](https://www.binance.com/en/web3wallet) is one of those. It
allows people to access Web3 through a simple interface. One of the key
challenges for Web3 is the UI/UX. Our Web3 wallet solves many of these
problems. It makes it very secure, easy to use, and facilitates access on that
front. We will continue to innovate.

Recently, we rolled out our work with institutions and VIP traders – a tri-
party agreement for our traders to customize with financial institutions and
to offset some of the counterparty risks. We will continue to experiment on
different things that the community, our users, and institutions want. We look
forward to all these partnerships and all the important feedback from the
community. I love speaking to our community because, every time we get to do
so, it makes us think, “What else can we do better? What else can we enhance
and improve upon?”

## On Binance’s Community

 _What's your take on the Binance community, and how can Binance leverage its
power to bring more people in and create even better experiences for
everyone?_

**Richard:** For some time, the U.S. issue was overcast on us. For the last
two years, there were potential partners that stayed on the sidelines and
didn't come into partnerships with us. Now that we have resolved these
historical issues with the U.S. agencies, we have many partners lining up to
engage in Web3 and crypto with us.

Our user base has always been strong and has never forsaken us. They always
place their trust and confidence in us, and that's extremely important. After
the U.S. resolution, our user base continues to grow rapidly – now, it's 167
million. Net inflows have been very robust after the U.S. resolution. Users
continue to have trust and confidence in us. Our community is supportive of
us, and that is what makes us strong.

We pay much attention to our community, users, and the feedback they have. We
will continue to do so. I mentioned that we are a user-focused organization –
that will not change. However, we will also pivot toward being a compliance-
led organization, managing these two aspects to make us sustainable and
prosper for the next 60 years.

## Further Reading

  * [ _My First Blog as Binance’s CEO_](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/from-our-ceo/my-first-blog-as-binances-ceo-2887294642016890803)

  * [ _Bio: Richard Teng, Binance’s New CEO_](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/leadership/bio-richard-teng-binances-new-ceo-6819833624741779461)

  * [ _Highlights From Richard Teng’s December 1 AMA on X Spaces_](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/leadership/highlights-from-richard-tengs-december-1-ama-on-x-spaces-4483841335251414512)

194,923,899 users chose us. Find out why today.

Register Now

Like this post

###### Share Post

Article Outlines

Highlights From Richard Teng’s Chat at Taipei Blockchain Week

Main Takeaways

On Becoming CEO

On Personal Journey

On Regulatory Collaboration

On Institutional Adoption

On Binance Web3 Wallet

On Binance’s Community

Further Reading

194,923,899 users chose us. Find out why today.

Register Now

### Community

[](https://discord.gg/jE4wt8g2H2)[](https://www.binance.com/en/community)[](https://www.tiktok.com/@binance?lang=en)[](https://www.facebook.com/binance)[](https://twitter.com/binance)[](https://www.reddit.com/r/binance)[](https://www.instagram.com/Binance/)[](https://coinmarketcap.com/exchanges/binance/)[](https://www.youtube.com/binanceyoutube)[](https://www.binance.com/en/community)

USD-$

USD-$

AED-د.إ

ARS-ARS$

AUD-A$

BDT-৳

BGN-лв

BHD-.د.ب

BOB-$b

BRL-R$

CAD-C$

CHF-CHF

CNY-¥

COP-COL$

CZK-Kč

DKK-KR

EGP-E£

EUR-€

GBP-£

HKD-HKD

HRK-kn

HUF-Ft

IDR-Rp

INR-₹

JPY-¥

KES-KSh

KWD-ك.د

KZT-₸

MAD-م.د.

MNT-₮

MXN-Mex$

NZD-NZ$

OMR-ر.ع.

PEN-S/.

PHP-₱

PKR-₨

PLN-zł

QAR-ر.ق

RON-lei

RUB-₽

SAR-ر.س

SEK-kr

THB-฿

TRY-₺

TWD-NT$

UAH-₴

UGX-USh

VES-Bs

VND-₫

ZAR-R

Theme

USD

Theme

### About Us

  * [About](https://www.binance.com/en/about)
  * [Careers](https://www.binance.com/en/careers)
  * [Announcements](https://www.binance.com/en/support/announcement)
  * [News](https://www.binance.com/en/square/news/all)
  * [Press](https://www.binance.com/en/press)
  * [Legal](https://www.binance.com/en/legal/home)
  * [Terms](https://www.binance.com/en/terms)
  * [Privacy](https://www.binance.com/en/about-legal/privacy-portal)
  * [Building Trust](https://www.binance.com/en/land/building_trust)
  * [Blog](https://www.binance.com/en/blog)
  * [Community](https://www.binance.com/en/community)
  * [Sitemap](https://www.binance.com/en/country-region-selector)
  * [Risk Warning](https://www.binance.com/en/risk-warning)
  * [Notices](https://www.binance.com/en/support/list/notices)
  * [Downloads](https://www.binance.com/en/download)
  * [Desktop Application](https://www.binance.com/en/desktop-download)

### Products

  * [Exchange](https://www.binance.com/en/trade)
  * [Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/buy-sell-crypto)
  * [Leveraged Tokens](https://www.binance.com/en/leveraged-tokens/tokens/allTokens)
  * [TradingView](https://www.binance.com/en/land/tradingview)
  * [Pay](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/payment)
  * [Academy](https://academy.binance.com/en)
  * [Live](https://www.binance.com/en/live)
  * [Tax](https://www.binance.com/en/tax)
  * [Gift Card](https://www.binance.com/en/gift-card)
  * [Launchpad & Launchpool](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)
  * [Auto-Invest](https://www.binance.com/en/auto-invest)
  * [ETH Staking](https://www.binance.com/en/eth2)
  * [NFT](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/home)
  * [BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/bnb)
  * [BABT](https://www.binance.com/en/BABT?source=footer)
  * [Research](https://www.binance.com/en/research)
  * [Charity](https://www.binance.charity)

### Business

  * [P2P Merchant Application](https://c2c.binance.com/en/merchantApplication)
  * [P2Pro Merchant Application](https://p2p.binance.com/en/p2pro)
  * [Listing Application](https://www.binance.com/en/my/coin-apply)
  * [Institutional & VIP Services](https://www.binance.com/en/vip-institutional-services)
  * [Labs](https://labs.binance.com/)

### Learn

  * [Learn & Earn](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn)
  * [Browse Crypto Prices](https://www.binance.com/en/price)
  * [Bitcoin Price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/bitcoin)
  * [Ethereum Price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/ethereum)
  * [Browse Crypto Price Predictions](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction)
  * [Bitcoin Price Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction/bitcoin)
  * [Ethereum Price Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction/ethereum)
  * [Buy Bitcoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bitcoin)
  * [Buy BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bnb)
  * [Buy Ripple](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/xrp)
  * [Buy Dogecoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/dogecoin)
  * [Buy Ethereum](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/ethereum)
  * [Buy Tradable Altcoins](https://www.binance.com/en/altcoins/tradable)

### Service

  * [Affiliate](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/affiliate)
  * [Referral](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/referral?utm_source=Lite_web_footer)
  * [OTC Trading](https://www.binance.com/en/otc)
  * [Historical Market Data](https://www.binance.com/en/landing/data)
  * [Proof of Reserves](https://www.binance.com/en/proof-of-reserves)

### Support

  * [24/7 Chat Support](https://www.binance.com/en/chat?sourceEntry=4)
  * [Support Center](https://www.binance.com/en/support)
  * [Product Feedback & Suggestions](https://www.binance.com/en/my/user-support/feedback/entry)
  * [Fees](https://www.binance.com/en/fee/schedule)
  * [APIs](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-api)
  * [Binance Verify](https://www.binance.com/en/official-verification)
  * [Trading Rules](https://www.binance.com/en/trade-rule)
  * [Binance Airdrop Portal](https://www.binance.com/en/airdrop)
  * [Law Enforcement Requests](https://www.binance.com/en/support/law-enforcement)

Binance© 2024Cookie Preferences

