[![logo](/_next/static/media/logo_name.0a11c735.svg)](/)

[Own with
Homebase](/own)[Docs](https://docs.homebasedao.io/)[Blog](/blog)[Marketplace](https://www.app.homebasedao.io/)[Login](https://www.app.homebasedao.io/login)

[Sign Up](https://www.app.homebasedao.io/register)

# Invest in real estate, for as little as $100

#### Build wealth with rental properties, earn cash flow and appreciation.  
Let Homebase handle the rest.

#### Build wealth with rental properties, earn cash flow and appreciation.  
Let Homebase handle the rest.

[Start Investing Today](https://www.app.homebasedao.io/register)

![Homebase app product page](/_next/static/media/phone.aafe1475.webp)

![Techstars logo](/_next/static/media/techstars.2787fd14.svg)

![Messari logo](/_next/static/media/messari.dca4dce1.svg)

![The Block logo](/_next/static/media/block.a95851b6.svg)

![Coinmarketcap logo](/_next/static/media/cmc.5393151b.svg)

![The Cryptonomist logo](/_next/static/media/cryptonomist.04b331cb.svg)

![Homebase app product
page](/_next/static/media/storyset_realestate.a5cdf909.svg)

## Homebase lets anyone invest in real estate for as little as $100

Soaring property prices are locking out all but the wealthy from owning real
estate. Don’t get left behind. Start building wealth with real estate today.

#### Invest in properties from the comfort of home

Homebase gives you the opportunity to own real estate in just a few clicks,
all without having to go through the traditional process.

[Get Started](https://www.app.homebasedao.io/register)

![Homebase app product
page](/_next/static/media/storyset_comfort.0ac6e8c3.svg)

## Buying Real Estate with Homebase is Easy as 1, 2, 3

Unlike with most physical assets, real estate transactions don’t require any
physical interaction with the property, only the records around it. By moving
home records onto the blockchain, Homebase allows you to invest in rental
properties from the comfort of your home.

![Homebase app product page](/_next/static/media/storyset invest.053a485a.svg)

### Invest in properties for as little as $100

Buy fractional shares in the properties you like, and become a property owner.

![Homebase app product page](/_next/static/media/storyset save.4c82fd78.svg)

## Receive monthly rental income

Receive rental income directly in your account each month.

![Homebase app product page](/_next/static/media/storyset save.4c82fd78.svg)

![Homebase app product page](/_next/static/media/storyset build.835235c6.svg)

## Start building your real estate empire

Reinvest your gains into additional properties, or do whatever you’d like.
You’re the one in charge of your financial future.

[Start Your Investment Journey](https://www.app.homebasedao.io/register)

## Benefits of Investing with Homebase

![Homebase app product page](/_next/static/media/storyset find.cc2ab720.svg)

### We find the best investment opportunities in the market

### We find the best investment  
opportunities in the market

We review every home that is listed on our platform for the best investment
opportunities.

![Homebase app product page](/_next/static/media/storyset
compliant.c1ceee3b.svg)

### A Regulatory-Compliant Investing Framework You Can Trust

### A Regulatory-Compliant Investing Framework You Can Trust

Our investments are reviewed by top law firms and are compliant with security
regulations.

![Homebase app product page](/_next/static/media/storyset
transparency.14d4e56f.svg)

### Transparency Through Blockchain with All the Same Upside

### Transparency Through Blockchain  
with All the Same Upside

By tokenizing homes on the blockchain, we allow for democratized ownership,
transparency and traceability with all transactions.

![Homebase app product page](/_next/static/media/storyset chart.26e3b5e9.svg)

### Build Your Portfolio of Properties Without the Landlord Headaches

### Build Your Portfolio of Properties  
Without the Landlord Headaches

Individuals can invest in homes of their choice and build their personal
portfolios without dealing with the headaches of property management.

## Customer Testimonials

![Homebase user testimonial](/_next/static/media/test_one.e9c1a4fb.jpg)

Michael K.

Homebase Investor

“The Homebase team has built a Real Estate investors dream platform that lets
you invest in fractional ownership of residential real estate via smart
contracts, taking down the barriers to invest in an income producing
property.”

March 26, 2023

![Homebase user testimonial](/_next/static/media/test_two.4cdef86f.jpeg)

Dane N.

Homebase Investor

“I thought everything was laid out super well. I appreciate the website and
all the details of it, it was very transparent.”

March 23, 2023

![Homebase user testimonial](/_next/static/media/test_three.f28484b6.jpg)

S. Poisel

@stpoisel

[@HomebaseDAO](https://twitter.com/HomebaseDAO) Buying Cardinal was SO SO SO
much easier than buying the home I live in. Wild!

March 3, 2023

## Start building wealth, one home at a time.

Lay down your path toward financial independence. Invest in your first rental
property with just $100.

[Start Investing Today](https://www.app.homebasedao.io/register)

Frequently Asked

#### Questions

Why should I trust Homebase?

At Homebase, we’re on a mission to democratize access to real estate
ownership, no matter your socioeconomic background. We worked with a Top 100
US law firm with experience in real estate, securities law, and blockchain
technology to create our legal documentation and frameworks to best protect
the users who invest on our platform.

What happens if a home is not fully funded?

If a home is not fully funded by the listing deadline, the homeowner is given
the option to extend the offering timeline and, if they decline, the
subscribed funds are returned to each investor.

What does fractional ownership mean?

Fractional ownership refers to a form of shared ownership in a property where
multiple individuals each own a share of a home, and collectively own the
entire thing. Being a fractional owner of a Homebase property means that you
will benefit from that properties future appreciation and cash flow, but won’t
have to worry about any of the property management.

What is the lockup period to sell the token?

The lockup period for each Homebase token is one year in order to comply with
security regulations under a Reg D exemption, upon which the token can be sold
for the fair market value of the home as determined by our third-party pricing
partner.

How are projects on Homebase sourced?

We source the best properties and deals with partnerships through our real
estate network, which includes real estate professionals such as agents,
brokers, and investors. Our team of experienced investors sources and
underwrites deals with particular focus on stable, cash-flowing properties in
great neighborhoods.

How is rent distributed to owners?

Rent is distributed proportionally by percentage of home owned to the wallet
which holds the ownership token. Each month, holders can go to our platform to
redeem their portion of the rent, similar to how dividends are distributed for
stocks. For instance, if you own 10% of the home, you will receive 10% of the
net cash flow each month (rent minus costs).

Do I need to be a U.S. resident to invest?

Yes, Homebase offerings are currently limited to U.S. residents only in order
to focus on helping Americans pursue the American Dream.

Why use blockchain to fractionalize a home?

By using blockchain technology, Homebase users and investors will also have
access to transparent and traceable sources of data to all homes tokenized on
the platform to showcase things like month-to-month price changes, transaction
history, and legal documentation. In addition, blockchain allows for greater
ownership, utilization of existing payment rails, and expansion into new
financial tooling in the future.

Which currency can I invest with?

Homebase properties are transacted in USDC (U.S. Dollar Coin), a stablecoin on
the Solana network created by Circle. Every digital dollar of USDC can always
be exchanged 1:1 for cash directly with Circle.

Why do I need a crypto wallet to hold tokens?

Having a crypto wallet is important because they serve as an access point for
true ownership of assets. A crypto wallet allows users to send, receive, and
store their digital assets securely. It is important to choose a secure and
reliable crypto wallet and to properly secure the private key, as losing
access to the private key can result in permanent loss of the assets stored in
the wallet. We suggest using Coinbase Wallet or Phantom to hold your home
tokens.

Is there a minimum investment?

The minimum investment for any offering on Homebase is $100. Some offerings
may require a higher minimum based on requirements.

What happens if I lose my property tokens?

Homebase has protections and processes to protect our users from any sort of
crypto hack or leak. Each home token ownership agreement allows for reissuing
of assets to the original owner upon proof of hack.

[Go to Our Documentation](https://docs.homebasedao.io/)

H

#### Not ready yet? Join our mail list!

Stay in the loop with all things Homebase. Sign up when you’re ready.

​

Join Our Mailing List

* * *

![logo](/_next/static/media/logo_stacked.2ce396f9.svg)|
[Homepage](https://homebasedao.io/)| [Blog](https://homebasedao.io/blog)  
---|---|---  
[Own with Homebase](https://homebasedao.io/own)| [Terms of
Service](https://homebasedao.notion.site/HOMEBASEDAO-INC-TERMS-OF-
USE-531910d776624a17bd5ffbfcf51f9049)  
[Documentation](https://docs.homebasedao.io/)| [Privacy
Policy](https://homebasedao.notion.site/HOMEBASEDAO-INC-PRIVACY-POLICY-
fb9b0f97d89a4d61bb36b9494a5dde33)  
[Marketplace](https://www.app.homebasedao.io/)| [Media
Kit](https://www.notion.so/homebasedao/Media-
Kit-61cca788fcde47c7a7eab87459bca652)  
[![title](/_next/static/media/twitter.01676455.png)](https://twitter.com/HomebaseDAO)[![title](/_next/static/media/discord.6287e4d4.png)](https://discord.gg/qEpCfTyqSY)[![title](/_next/static/media/medium.4af736f7.png)](https://homebasedao.medium.com/)[![title](/_next/static/media/linkedin.c2d915f7.svg)](https://www.linkedin.com/company/homebasedao)  
Have any questions?  
[info@homebasedao.io](mailto:info@homebasedao.io)|
![title](/_next/static/media/housing.1bcb0b9c.svg)  
2023 Homebase. All rights reserved.  
This site is operated by HomebaseDAO, Inc., which is not a registered broker-
dealer or investment advisor. HomebaseDAO, Inc. does not give investment
advice, endorsement, analysis or recommendations with respect to any
securities. Nothing on this website should be construed as an offer to sell,
solicitation of an offer to buy or a recommendation for any security by
HomebaseDAO, Inc. or any third party. You are solely responsible for
determining whether any investment, investment strategy, security, or related
transaction is appropriate for you based on your personal investment
objectives, financial circumstances and risk tolerance. You should consult
with licensed legal professionals and investment advisors for any legal, tax,
insurance or investment advice. HomebaseDAO, Inc. does not guarantee any
investment performance, outcome or return of capital for any investment
opportunity posted on this site.  
  
All investments involve risk and may result in partial or total loss. By
accessing this site, investors understand and acknowledge 1) that investing in
real estate, like investing in other fields, is risky and unpredictable; 2)
that the real estate industry has its ups and downs; 3) that the real property
you invest in might not result in a positive cash flow or perform as you
expected; and 4) that the value of any real property you invest in may decline
at any time and the future property value is unpredictable. Before making an
investment decision, prospective investors are advised to review all available
information and consult with their tax and legal advisors. Homebase does not
provide investment advice or recommendations regarding any offering posted on
this website.  
  
Any investment-related information contained herein has been secured from
sources that Homebase believes to be reliable, but we make no representations
or warranties as to the accuracy or completeness of such information and
accept no liability therefore. Hyperlinks to third-party sites, or
reproduction of third-party articles, do not constitute an approval or
endorsement by Homebase of the linked or reproduced content.  
  
![logo](\[object Object\])

[Homebase](https://homebasedao.io)

[Own with Homebase](https://homebasedao.io/own)

[Documentation](https://docs.homebasedao.io)

[Marketplace](https://www.app.homebasedao.io)

[Blog](https://homebasedao.io/blog)

[Terms of Service](https://homebasedao.notion.site/HOMEBASEDAO-INC-TERMS-OF-
USE-531910d776624a17bd5ffbfcf51f9049)

[Privacy Policy](https://homebasedao.notion.site/HOMEBASEDAO-INC-PRIVACY-
POLICY-fb9b0f97d89a4d61bb36b9494a5dde33)

[Media Kit](https://www.notion.so/homebasedao/Media-
Kit-61cca788fcde47c7a7eab87459bca652)

[![title](/_next/static/media/twitter.01676455.png)](https://twitter.com/HomebaseDAO)[![title](/_next/static/media/discord.6287e4d4.png)](https://discord.gg/qEpCfTyqSY)[![title](/_next/static/media/medium.4af736f7.png)](https://homebasedao.medium.com/)[![title](/_next/static/media/linkedin.c2d915f7.svg)](https://www.linkedin.com/company/homebasedao)

![title](/_next/static/media/housing.1bcb0b9c.svg)

Have any questions?  
[info@homebasedao.io](mailto:info@homebasedao.io)

2022 Homebase. All rights reserved.

This site is operated by HomebaseDAO, Inc., which is not a registered broker-
dealer or investment advisor. HomebaseDAO, Inc. does not give investment
advice, endorsement, analysis or recommendations with respect to any
securities. Nothing on this website should be construed as an offer to sell,
solicitation of an offer to buy or a recommendation for any security by
HomebaseDAO, Inc. or any third party. You are solely responsible for
determining whether any investment, investment strategy, security, or related
transaction is appropriate for you based on your personal investment
objectives, financial circumstances and risk tolerance. You should consult
with licensed legal professionals and investment advisors for any legal, tax,
insurance or investment advice. HomebaseDAO, Inc. does not guarantee any
investment performance, outcome or return of capital for any investment
opportunity posted on this site.  
  
All investments involve risk and may result in partial or total loss. By
accessing this site, investors understand and acknowledge 1) that investing in
real estate, like investing in other fields, is risky and unpredictable; 2)
that the real estate industry has its ups and downs; 3) that the real property
you invest in might not result in a positive cash flow or perform as you
expected; and 4) that the value of any real property you invest in may decline
at any time and the future property value is unpredictable. Before making an
investment decision, prospective investors are advised to review all available
information and consult with their tax and legal advisors. Homebase does not
provide investment advice or recommendations regarding any offering posted on
this website.  
  
Any investment-related information contained herein has been secured from
sources that Homebase believes to be reliable, but we make no representations
or warranties as to the accuracy or completeness of such information and
accept no liability therefore. Hyperlinks to third-party sites, or
reproduction of third-party articles, do not constitute an approval or
endorsement by Homebase of the linked or reproduced content.

