  * **Wallet**[**Mobile App** The world of Web3 in your pocket](/download)[**Browser Extension** An optimized Web3 experience for desktop](/browser-extension)
  * **Features**[**Swaps** Swap securely and seamlessly](/swap)[**Staking** Earn crypto rewards while securing networks](/staking)[**NFTs** Explore the world of NFTs](/nft)[**Security** Learn how we keep your assets & Web3 journey safe](/security)[**Buy Crypto** Buy crypto in under five minutes](/buy-crypto)[**SWIFT: Smart Contract Wallet** Explore Web3 easily with account abstraction features](/swift)
  * **Build**[**Developer Docs** Get guides for building powerful Web3 applications](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/)[**Wallet Core** Open-source, mobile-focused crypto wallet library](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/wallet-core)[**Submit dApp** Get your dApp in front of millions](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-dapps)[**Get assets listed** Elevate your asset’s exposure](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-assets)
  * **Support**[**FAQ** Get answers to your most pressing questions](https://community.trustwallet.com/c/helpcenter/8)[**Community Forum** Connect with our vibrant and diverse community](https://community.trustwallet.com/)[**Contact Us** Reach out for personalized support](https://support.trustwallet.com/en/support/home)
  * **About**[**About Us** Discover who we are and what drives us](/about-us)[**Careers** Join us in shaping the future of Web3](/careers)[**Press Kit** Download our official logo and other media assets](/press)[**Blog** Stay up-to-date on Web3 trends and insights](/blog)[**Terms of Service** What you need to know to use our services](/terms-of-service)[**Privacy Policy** Your privacy matters, learn how we protect it](/privacy-policy)

DarkLightLanguage

[Download Trust Wallet](/download)

[](/)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.4edbb099.svg)[**Mobile App** The world
of Web3 in your pocket](/download)[**Browser Extension** An optimized Web3
experience for desktop](/browser-extension)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.e7c57d68.svg)[**Swaps** Swap securely
and seamlessly](/swap)[**Staking** Earn crypto rewards while securing
networks](/staking)[**NFTs** Explore the world of NFTs](/nft)[**Security**
Learn how we keep your assets & Web3 journey safe](/security)[**Buy Crypto**
Buy crypto in under five minutes](/buy-crypto)[**SWIFT: Smart Contract
Wallet** Explore Web3 easily with account abstraction features](/swift)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.b373ab3f.svg)[**Developer Docs** Get
guides for building powerful Web3
applications](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/)[**Wallet Core**
Open-source, mobile-focused crypto wallet
library](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/wallet-core)[**Submit
dApp** Get your dApp in front of
millions](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-dapps)[**Get
assets listed** Elevate your asset’s
exposure](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-assets)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.1211abf0.svg)[**FAQ** Get answers to
your most pressing
questions](https://community.trustwallet.com/c/helpcenter/8)[**Community
Forum** Connect with our vibrant and diverse
community](https://community.trustwallet.com/)[**Contact Us** Reach out for
personalized support](https://support.trustwallet.com/en/support/home)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.9a6dd06f.svg)[**About Us** Discover who
we are and what drives us](/about-us)[**Careers** Join us in shaping the
future of Web3](/careers)[**Press Kit** Download our official logo and other
media assets](/press)[**Blog** Stay up-to-date on Web3 trends and
insights](/blog)[**Terms of Service** What you need to know to use our
services](/terms-of-service)[**Privacy Policy** Your privacy matters, learn
how we protect it](/privacy-policy)

[](/)

WalletFeaturesBuildSupportAbout

Language

[Download](/download)

[Home](/)  >  [Blog](/blog)  >  [MEME Coins](/blog?category=MEME Coins)  >
[Base Meme Coins](/blog/base-meme-coins)

##### MEME Coins

# Base Meme Coins

Published on: Apr 11, 2024

##### Share post

[](https://facebook.com/trustwalletapp)[](https://github.com/trustwallet)[](https://instagram.com/trustwallet)[](https://twitter.com/trustwallet)[](https://discord.gg/trustwallet)[](https://reddit.com/r/trustapp)[](https://t.me/trustwallet)

  * **Understanding the Base Network**
  * **How to Deposit Base Meme Coins to Your Trust Wallet Address**

##### In Brief

Discover some of the top meme coins on the Base network. Learn about Base
network's history and how to manage Base meme coins on Trust Wallet.

![Base Meme Coins](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fbase_memecoins_1_21b17e39d5.png&w=3840&q=75)

Meme coins, a unique and often entertaining category of crypto coins, have
been a hot topic recently. Within the meme coin category, the Base network has
become a popular platform for these kinds of cryptocurrencies. So in this
article, we discuss the Base network as a whole, and explore a few of the top
meme coins thriving on the [Base
network](https://trustwallet.com/blog/a-beginners-guide-to-the-base-network).

### Before We Get Started

Before we explore the top 5 meme coins on the Base network, it’s important to
remember that you can use a secure crypto wallet, such as Trust Wallet, to
manage Base meme coins, Ethereum (ETH) on Base, and other [Layer 2
tokens](https://trustwallet.com/blog/layer2-tokens-on-ethereum-a-comparison).

Download Trust Wallet as a mobile app, or install the Trust Wallet Extension
on your desktop browser.

![base-memecoins.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fbase_memecoins_3263b18348.png&w=3840&q=75)

[![Download-Trust-Wallet-Button.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2FDownload_Trust_Wallet_Button_3b2b015a21.png&w=3840&q=75)](https://short.trustwallet.com/TW-
blog)

## Understanding the Base Network

The Base network is a Layer 2 network built on Ethereum by Coinbase. Coinbase
is one of the world's largest crypto exchanges. The Base network offers a
faster, cheaper way to interact with the Ethereum blockchain, all while
benefiting from the security and trust of Coinbase.

Positioned as an Ethereum Layer 2 solution, Base operates on the Optimistic
Ethereum (OP) Stack. This is a collaboration between Base and Optimism, and is
incubated within Coinbase. Base offers a secure, cost-effective, and
developer-friendly environment for decentralized applications (dApps). Base is
no regular L2 network. Base is backed by the experience and resources of
Coinbase. This gives developers access to a massive user base and powerful
tools within the Coinbase ecosystem.

According to Coinbase’s official documentation, Base does not have a network
token. There are currently no plans to issue a network token. Please be aware
of any scammers claiming to offer airdrops or Base tokens of any kind, as you
could lose your crypto. Ensure you have the latest version of Trust Wallet
installed so that you can benefit from features like the [Trust Wallet
Security Scanner](https://blog.trustwallet.com/blog/a-safer-web3-experience-
with-trust-wallet-security-scanner).

### Exploring the Top 5 Meme Coins on The Base Network

The Base network, a Layer 2 blockchain by Coinbase, is home to a vibrant meme
coin scene, with various new contenders. Let’s take a closer look at the top 5
meme coins by market cap on the Base blockchain:

![base-memecoins-2.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fbase_memecoins_2_7b5f7c9c1b.png&w=3840&q=75)

### Brett (BRETT)

Brett (BRETT) is a meme coin based on the Base network, and its mascot is a
character in Matt Furie's Boys' Club comic. Brett launched in February 2024
and is currently trading at $0.0772 with a market cap of $656 million, the
largest Base network meme coin by market cap.

[Brett](https://trustwallet.com/brett-wallet) is dubbed as “PEPE’S best friend
on BASE,” one of crypto's most significant cultural icons and the mascot of
Base blockchain.

**Brett Tokenomics:**

  * **Supply:** 10 billion tokens.

  * **Liquidity Provider (Locked):** 85%

  * **Treasury:** 10%

  * **Centralized exchange wallet:** 5%

### Degen (DEGEN)

Degen's started as an ERC-20 token on the Farcaster network, where it
revolutionized the platform by allowing "Casters" to reward high-quality
content with [DEGEN](https://trustwallet.com/degen-wallet). This innovative
approach to content monetization hints at Degen's potential to bridge the gap
between meme coins and serious DeFi applications on Base.

Launched in January 2024, Degen is currently trading at $0.03519 with a market
cap of $439 million, solidifying its position as the second-largest Base
network meme coin.

**Degen Tokenomics:**

  * **Supply:** 37 billion tokens.

  * **Community:** 70%

  * **Liquidity pool:** 15%

  * **Ecosystem:** 15%

  * 1% inflation rate, set to begin in 2028.

### Toshi (TOSHI)

Toshi is a meme coin named after Coinbase co-founder and CEO Brian Armstrong's
cat, and the pseudonymous creator of Bitcoin, Satoshi Nakamoto. While Toshi
may be a meme coin, it is building various use cases. Some of these include:

  * **Multi-sender:** A tool that empowers developers to conduct extensive airdrops, migrations, or presales with efficiency.

  * **Token locker:** A tool for developers to vest or lock team tokens, ensuring clarity and trust within the community.

  * **Liquidity locker:** A solution for securing liquidity, delivering tangible evidence of stability to the community.

Launched in August 2023, Toshi is one of the original Base meme coins. Toshi
is currently trading at $0.0006398 with a market cap of $268 million. Toshi is
the third-largest Base network meme coin by market cap.

### Normie (NORMIE)

Normie is a meme coin on a mission to bring everyday people (aka "normies") to
the Base network. Normie has the goal to onboard over 1 billion new investors.
They see themselves as the perfect entry point, using meme culture to bridge
the gap for newcomers. Community is key for the Normie team, with everything
designed to encourage user participation and growth.

Normie was launched in March 2024 and is currently trading at $0.1099 with a
market cap of $106 million. Normie is the fourth-largest Base network meme
coin by market cap.

### Mochi (MOCHI)

Mochi is another meme coin named after Coinbase co-founder and CEO Brian
Armstrong's cat. Mochi's utility extends beyond a mere cat-inspired meme. The
Mochi team is developing Mochimons (cat-themed NFTs) and even an on-chain
Tamagotchi-style game to further engage their community.

With a grant from Coinbase and KYC verification under its belt, Mochi
establishes itself as a serious player on the Base chain, demonstrating its
legitimacy and potential for growth.

Mochi was launched in November 2023 and is currently trading at $0.00004758
with a market cap of $48 million. Mochi is the fifth-largest Base network meme
coin by market cap.

## How to Deposit Base Meme Coins to Your Trust Wallet Address

You can deposit Base meme coins from another wallet or from a centralized
exchange. Here’s how:

  * Select “Receive” from the home screen.

  * Search for your desired Base meme coin, and select it. In this example, we’ll use “TOSHI”

From here you have two options. You can either:

  1. Copy your deposit address and use that on your exchange account or other TOSHI wallet to send funds to.

  2. Use the “Deposit from exchange” option to deposit crypto seamlessly from your exchange account, if the token you’re deposited is supported on the exchange.

![base-memecoins-3.gif](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fbase_memecoins_3_4e139a7fe9.gif&w=3840&q=75)

Remember that in addition to [TOSHI](https://trustwallet.com/toshi-wallet),
[DEGEN](https://trustwallet.com/degen-wallet) and others, Trust Wallet lets
you manage and interact with 10M+ crypto assets across 100+ blockchains.
Download the latest version of Trust Wallet today.

[![Download-Trust-Wallet-Button.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2FDownload_Trust_Wallet_Button_3b2b015a21.png&w=3840&q=75)](https://short.trustwallet.com/TW-
blog)

Join the Trust Wallet community on [Telegram](https://rebrand.ly/TW-Telegram-
Announcements) Follow us on [X (formerly Twitter)](https://rebrand.ly/TW-
Twitter-Blog) [Instagram](https://rebrand.ly/TW-Insta-Blog)
[Facebook](https://rebrand.ly/TW-FB-Blog) [Reddit](https://rebrand.ly/TW-
Reddit-Blog) [Warpcast](https://warpcast.com/trustwalletapp)

> **Note:** Any cited numbers, figures, or illustrations are reported at the
> time of writing, and are subject to change.

#### Simple and convenient to use, seamless to explore

[Download Trust Wallet](/download)

##### Stay Connected:

[](https://facebook.com/trustwalletapp)[](https://github.com/trustwallet)[](https://instagram.com/trustwallet)[](https://twitter.com/trustwallet)[](https://discord.gg/trustwallet)[](https://reddit.com/r/trustapp)[](https://t.me/trustwallet)

  * **Wallet**[Mobile App](/download)[Browser Extension](/browser-extension)
  * **Features**[Buy Crypto](/buy-crypto)[Swaps](/swap)[Staking](/staking)[NFTs](/nft)[Security](/security)[SWIFT: Smart Contract Wallet](/swift)
  * **Build**[Developer Docs](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/)[Wallet Core](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/wallet-core)[Submit dApp](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-dapps)[Get assets listed](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-assets)
  * **Support**[FAQ](https://community.trustwallet.com/c/helpcenter/8)[Community Forum](https://community.trustwallet.com/)[Contact Us](https://support.trustwallet.com/en/support/home)
  * **About**[About Us](/about-us)[Careers](/careers)[Press Kit](/press)[Terms of Service](/terms-of-service)[Privacy Policy](/privacy-policy)[Blog](/blog)
  * ![A-LIGN ISO 27701](/_next/static/media/image.8354ab2c.svg)![A-LIGN ISO 27001](/_next/static/media/image.7f0b3bc9.svg)

**Download Trust Wallet**

The most trusted & secure crypto wallet.

[Download for iOS](https://apps.apple.com/app/apple-
store/id1288339409?mt=8)[Download
Extension![Chrome](/_next/static/media/raw.7dd85797.svg)](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/trust-
wallet/egjidjbpglichdcondbcbdnbeeppgdph)[Download APK](/download/apk)[Download
for Android![App
Store](/_next/image?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Fimage.5ee64b2e.png&w=256&q=75)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.wallet.crypto.trustapp)

