  * **Wallet**[**Mobile App** The world of Web3 in your pocket](/download)[**Browser Extension** An optimized Web3 experience for desktop](/browser-extension)
  * **Features**[**Swaps** Swap securely and seamlessly](/swap)[**Staking** Earn crypto rewards while securing networks](/staking)[**NFTs** Explore the world of NFTs](/nft)[**Security** Learn how we keep your assets & Web3 journey safe](/security)[**Buy Crypto** Buy crypto in under five minutes](/buy-crypto)[**SWIFT: Smart Contract Wallet** Explore Web3 easily with account abstraction features](/swift)
  * **Build**[**Developer Docs** Get guides for building powerful Web3 applications](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/)[**Wallet Core** Open-source, mobile-focused crypto wallet library](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/wallet-core)[**Submit dApp** Get your dApp in front of millions](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-dapps)[**Get assets listed** Elevate your asset’s exposure](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-assets)
  * **Support**[**FAQ** Get answers to your most pressing questions](https://community.trustwallet.com/c/helpcenter/8)[**Community Forum** Connect with our vibrant and diverse community](https://community.trustwallet.com/)[**Contact Us** Reach out for personalized support](https://support.trustwallet.com/en/support/home)
  * **About**[**About Us** Discover who we are and what drives us](/about-us)[**Careers** Join us in shaping the future of Web3](/careers)[**Press Kit** Download our official logo and other media assets](/press)[**Blog** Stay up-to-date on Web3 trends and insights](/blog)[**Terms of Service** What you need to know to use our services](/terms-of-service)[**Privacy Policy** Your privacy matters, learn how we protect it](/privacy-policy)

DarkLightLanguage

[Download Trust Wallet](/download)

[](/)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.4edbb099.svg)[**Mobile App** The world
of Web3 in your pocket](/download)[**Browser Extension** An optimized Web3
experience for desktop](/browser-extension)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.e7c57d68.svg)[**Swaps** Swap securely
and seamlessly](/swap)[**Staking** Earn crypto rewards while securing
networks](/staking)[**NFTs** Explore the world of NFTs](/nft)[**Security**
Learn how we keep your assets & Web3 journey safe](/security)[**Buy Crypto**
Buy crypto in under five minutes](/buy-crypto)[**SWIFT: Smart Contract
Wallet** Explore Web3 easily with account abstraction features](/swift)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.b373ab3f.svg)[**Developer Docs** Get
guides for building powerful Web3
applications](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/)[**Wallet Core**
Open-source, mobile-focused crypto wallet
library](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/wallet-core)[**Submit
dApp** Get your dApp in front of
millions](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-dapps)[**Get
assets listed** Elevate your asset’s
exposure](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-assets)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.1211abf0.svg)[**FAQ** Get answers to
your most pressing
questions](https://community.trustwallet.com/c/helpcenter/8)[**Community
Forum** Connect with our vibrant and diverse
community](https://community.trustwallet.com/)[**Contact Us** Reach out for
personalized support](https://support.trustwallet.com/en/support/home)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.9a6dd06f.svg)[**About Us** Discover who
we are and what drives us](/about-us)[**Careers** Join us in shaping the
future of Web3](/careers)[**Press Kit** Download our official logo and other
media assets](/press)[**Blog** Stay up-to-date on Web3 trends and
insights](/blog)[**Terms of Service** What you need to know to use our
services](/terms-of-service)[**Privacy Policy** Your privacy matters, learn
how we protect it](/privacy-policy)

[](/)

WalletFeaturesBuildSupportAbout

Language

[Download](/download)

[Home](/)  >  [Blog](/blog)  >
[Cryptocurrency](/blog?category=Cryptocurrency)  >  [What Causes Crypto
Crashes?](/blog/what-causes-crypto-crashes)

##### Cryptocurrency

# What Causes Crypto Crashes?

Published on: May 8, 2024

##### Share post

[](https://facebook.com/trustwalletapp)[](https://github.com/trustwallet)[](https://instagram.com/trustwallet)[](https://twitter.com/trustwallet)[](https://discord.gg/trustwallet)[](https://reddit.com/r/trustapp)[](https://t.me/trustwallet)

  * **What are Crypto Crashes?**
  * **What Causes a Crypto Crash?**
  * **Examining Historic Crypto Crashes**
  * **How to Buy Crypto Using Trust Wallet**

##### In Brief

Explore everything you need to know about crypto crashes and the catalysts
behind them. We examine some of the biggest downturns in crypto history.

![What Causes Crypto Crashes?](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fcrypto_crash_causes_0efa437f70.png&w=3840&q=75)

The crypto world is an exciting, innovative, and volatile space. While the
potential for growth can be enticing for many, crypto crashes often leave
people confused. Understanding what causes crypto crashes is crucial for
anyone navigating this dynamic landscape. So in this article, we examine the
history of [crypto crashes](https://trustwallet.com/blog/crypto-bull-market-
vs-bear-market-a-beginners-guide), dissecting the catalysts behind some of the
most significant downturns.

_**Note:** This article should not be considered financial advice. It contains
information based on historical events. We encourage you to do your own
research before interacting with or holding any cryptocurrencies._

### Before You Get Started

Before you explore crypto crashes in more detail, remember that Trust Wallet
lets you manage and interact with 10M+ crypto assets across 100+ blockchains.
You can download Trust Wallet as a mobile app, or you can install the Trust
Wallet Extension for your desktop browser.

![crypto-crash-causes-1.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fcrypto_crash_causes_1_b5bff044dd.png&w=3840&q=75)

[![Download-Trust-Wallet-Button.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2FDownload_Trust_Wallet_Button_3b2b015a21.png&w=3840&q=75)](https://short.trustwallet.com/TW-
SEOblog)

## What are Crypto Crashes?

A crypto crash is a period where there is a sudden, significant decline in the
price of a [cryptocurrency](https://trustwallet.com/), or the entire crypto
market. These crashes often occur swiftly, wiping out significant portions of
market capitalization and causing widespread panic among investors. The
effects of a crypto crash extend beyond individual investors. A crypto crash
often reverberates throughout the entire market and influences investor
sentiment and confidence.

It's important to distinguish a crypto crash from a correction. Corrections
are typically less severe and are considered healthy adjustments after periods
of rapid growth. Crashes, on the other hand, are marked by sharp, abrupt
declines that far exceed typical market fluctuations.

## What Causes a Crypto Crash?

Unlike traditional assets with established values, cryptocurrencies are still
relatively young. This can make them highly susceptible to external factors.
By examining these key factors, investors can better prepare themselves to
manage risk effectively. Let's explore some of the major catalysts that can
send crypto prices plummeting:

### Market Sentiment and Speculation

One of the main drivers of crypto crashes is market sentiment. Market
sentiment can swing rapidly from excitement to fear. Speculative bubbles,
fueled by hype and optimism, often precede crashes, leading to unsustainable
price growth that eventually collapses under the weight of reality. When
market sentiment shifts, investors may panic sell, exacerbating the downward
spiral and triggering a cascade of selling pressure.

### Regulatory Changes

The regulatory landscape surrounding cryptocurrency is constantly evolving.
Regulatory uncertainty and government interventions can significantly affect
the cryptocurrency market. News of stricter trading regulations or bans can
trigger panic selling and significant price drops. Similarly, government
actions such as bans or restrictions on cryptocurrencies, can create
uncertainty and undermine investor confidence, contributing to market
downturns.

### Security Breaches and Hacks

Major security breaches or hacks on crypto exchanges or crypto wallets can be
devastating. High-profile hacks of exchanges or blockchain networks can shake
investor confidence and trigger panic selling. Security incidents can result
in immediate price declines and have long-lasting repercussions, eroding trust
in the underlying technology and deterring future investment.

## Examining Historic Crypto Crashes

Examining some of the biggest downturns in crypto history gives us valuable
insights into the catalysts and dynamics behind these significant market
crashes. While each crash may have unique triggers, they often share common
themes. Here are a few notable examples:

### The Mt. Gox Collapse (2014)

The collapse of Mt. Gox, once the largest Bitcoin exchange in the world, sent
shockwaves through the cryptocurrency community in 2014. Mt. Gox filed for
bankruptcy after revealing that it had lost approximately 850,000 Bitcoin,
worth over $450 million at the time, as a result of hacking incidents and
security breaches. These led to significant losses for Mt. Gox users, and
undermined trust in the security and reliability of cryptocurrency exchanges.
The fallout from the Mt. Gox collapse contributed to a prolonged bear market
in cryptocurrencies, and served as a sobering reminder of the risks inherent
in the ecosystem.

### The 2018 Bitcoin Crash

One of the most significant downturns in crypto history occurred in 2018,
following the meteoric rise of Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies in 2017.
Nicknamed the "Great Crypto Crash," this downturn saw [Bitcoin
crash](https://trustwallet.com/buy-crypto/bitcoin) by a staggering 65%. The
crash was characterized by a rapid, steep decline in prices across the board,
wiping out billions of Dollars in market capitalization. The initial coin
offering (ICO) craze of 2017, rife with scams and unsustainable projects, had
burst, leading to a loss of investor confidence.

A further combination of factors also contributed to the crash, including
regulatory crackdowns in major markets such as China and South Korea, concerns
over the scalability and usability of cryptocurrencies.

### The 2022 Crypto Crash

The 2022 crypto crash wasn’t a singular event, but a perfect storm of factors
that triggered a market-wide sell-off. Global economic slowdown, with rising
interest rates and recession fears, and the fall of crypto exchange FTX
dampened investor appetite for crypto. The TerraUSD (UST) collapse in May 2022
significantly affected sentiment, as the algorithmic stablecoin lost its peg
to the US dollar, causing panic and a domino effect that dragged down other
cryptocurrencies. Increased government scrutiny and potential regulations
added to the uncertainty.

## How to Buy Crypto Using Trust Wallet

You can buy crypto, including Bitcoin, using Trust Wallet, via our trusted
partners. Here’s how:

  * Select “Buy” from the home screen.

  * Search for your desired crypto, and select it. We use Bitcoin for this example.

  * Choose the currency you want to use, then enter the amount of BTC you want to purchase.

  * Select the third party provider & payment method you’d like to use.

  * Select the Buy button and complete the remaining steps.

![crypto-crash-causes-2.gif](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fcrypto_crash_causes_2_58cc8405b7.gif&w=3840&q=75)

### Closing Thoughts

Despite efforts to predict and mitigate the effects of crashes, the
cryptocurrency market remains inherently volatile, susceptible to external
factors such as regulatory changes, security breaches, and macroeconomic
events. Investors must exercise caution and employ risk management strategies
to navigate the unpredictable terrain of crypto investments effectively.

Before interacting with any cryptocurrency or blockchain project, we encourage
everyone to do comprehensive research to understand the underlying technology,
market dynamics, and regulatory environment. This includes evaluating the
credibility and track record of project teams, assessing the potential risks
and rewards, and staying informed about market developments and emerging
trends.

[![Download-Trust-Wallet-Button.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2FDownload_Trust_Wallet_Button_3b2b015a21.png&w=3840&q=75)](https://short.trustwallet.com/TW-
SEOblog)

Join the Trust Wallet community on [Telegram](https://rebrand.ly/TW-Telegram-
Announcements) Follow us on [X (formerly Twitter)](https://rebrand.ly/TW-
Twitter-Blog) [Instagram](https://rebrand.ly/TW-Insta-Blog)
[Facebook](https://rebrand.ly/TW-FB-Blog) [Reddit](https://rebrand.ly/TW-
Reddit-Blog) [Warpcast](https://warpcast.com/trustwalletapp)

> **Note:** Any cited numbers, figures, or illustrations are reported at the
> time of writing, and are subject to change.

#### Simple and convenient to use, seamless to explore

[Download Trust Wallet](/download)

##### Stay Connected:

[](https://facebook.com/trustwalletapp)[](https://github.com/trustwallet)[](https://instagram.com/trustwallet)[](https://twitter.com/trustwallet)[](https://discord.gg/trustwallet)[](https://reddit.com/r/trustapp)[](https://t.me/trustwallet)

  * **Wallet**[Mobile App](/download)[Browser Extension](/browser-extension)
  * **Features**[Buy Crypto](/buy-crypto)[Swaps](/swap)[Staking](/staking)[NFTs](/nft)[Security](/security)[SWIFT: Smart Contract Wallet](/swift)
  * **Build**[Developer Docs](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/)[Wallet Core](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/wallet-core)[Submit dApp](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-dapps)[Get assets listed](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-assets)
  * **Support**[FAQ](https://community.trustwallet.com/c/helpcenter/8)[Community Forum](https://community.trustwallet.com/)[Contact Us](https://support.trustwallet.com/en/support/home)
  * **About**[About Us](/about-us)[Careers](/careers)[Press Kit](/press)[Terms of Service](/terms-of-service)[Privacy Policy](/privacy-policy)[Blog](/blog)
  * ![A-LIGN ISO 27701](/_next/static/media/image.8354ab2c.svg)![A-LIGN ISO 27001](/_next/static/media/image.7f0b3bc9.svg)

**Download Trust Wallet**

The most trusted & secure crypto wallet.

[Download for iOS](https://apps.apple.com/app/apple-
store/id1288339409?mt=8)[Download
Extension![Chrome](/_next/static/media/raw.7dd85797.svg)](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/trust-
wallet/egjidjbpglichdcondbcbdnbeeppgdph)[Download APK](/download/apk)[Download
for Android![App
Store](/_next/image?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Fimage.5ee64b2e.png&w=256&q=75)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.wallet.crypto.trustapp)

