  * **Wallet**[**Mobile App** The world of Web3 in your pocket](/download)[**Browser Extension** An optimized Web3 experience for desktop](/browser-extension)
  * **Features**[**Swaps** Swap securely and seamlessly](/swap)[**Staking** Earn crypto rewards while securing networks](/staking)[**NFTs** Explore the world of NFTs](/nft)[**Security** Learn how we keep your assets & Web3 journey safe](/security)[**Buy Crypto** Buy crypto in under five minutes](/buy-crypto)[**SWIFT: Smart Contract Wallet** Explore Web3 easily with account abstraction features](/swift)
  * **Build**[**Developer Docs** Get guides for building powerful Web3 applications](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/)[**Wallet Core** Open-source, mobile-focused crypto wallet library](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/wallet-core)[**Submit dApp** Get your dApp in front of millions](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-dapps)[**Get assets listed** Elevate your asset’s exposure](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-assets)
  * **Support**[**FAQ** Get answers to your most pressing questions](https://community.trustwallet.com/c/helpcenter/8)[**Community Forum** Connect with our vibrant and diverse community](https://community.trustwallet.com/)[**Contact Us** Reach out for personalized support](https://support.trustwallet.com/en/support/home)
  * **About**[**About Us** Discover who we are and what drives us](/about-us)[**Careers** Join us in shaping the future of Web3](/careers)[**Press Kit** Download our official logo and other media assets](/press)[**Blog** Stay up-to-date on Web3 trends and insights](/blog)[**Terms of Service** What you need to know to use our services](/terms-of-service)[**Privacy Policy** Your privacy matters, learn how we protect it](/privacy-policy)

DarkLightLanguage

[Download Trust Wallet](/download)

[](/)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.4edbb099.svg)[**Mobile App** The world
of Web3 in your pocket](/download)[**Browser Extension** An optimized Web3
experience for desktop](/browser-extension)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.e7c57d68.svg)[**Swaps** Swap securely
and seamlessly](/swap)[**Staking** Earn crypto rewards while securing
networks](/staking)[**NFTs** Explore the world of NFTs](/nft)[**Security**
Learn how we keep your assets & Web3 journey safe](/security)[**Buy Crypto**
Buy crypto in under five minutes](/buy-crypto)[**SWIFT: Smart Contract
Wallet** Explore Web3 easily with account abstraction features](/swift)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.b373ab3f.svg)[**Developer Docs** Get
guides for building powerful Web3
applications](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/)[**Wallet Core**
Open-source, mobile-focused crypto wallet
library](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/wallet-core)[**Submit
dApp** Get your dApp in front of
millions](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-dapps)[**Get
assets listed** Elevate your asset’s
exposure](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-assets)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.1211abf0.svg)[**FAQ** Get answers to
your most pressing
questions](https://community.trustwallet.com/c/helpcenter/8)[**Community
Forum** Connect with our vibrant and diverse
community](https://community.trustwallet.com/)[**Contact Us** Reach out for
personalized support](https://support.trustwallet.com/en/support/home)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.9a6dd06f.svg)[**About Us** Discover who
we are and what drives us](/about-us)[**Careers** Join us in shaping the
future of Web3](/careers)[**Press Kit** Download our official logo and other
media assets](/press)[**Blog** Stay up-to-date on Web3 trends and
insights](/blog)[**Terms of Service** What you need to know to use our
services](/terms-of-service)[**Privacy Policy** Your privacy matters, learn
how we protect it](/privacy-policy)

[](/)

WalletFeaturesBuildSupportAbout

Language

[Download](/download)

[Home](/)  >  [Blog](/blog)  >  [DeFi](/blog?category=DeFi)  >  [Explore
Solana DeFi with Drift](/blog/explore-solana-defi-with-drift)

##### DeFi

# Explore Solana DeFi with Drift

Published on: May 21, 2024

##### Share post

[](https://facebook.com/trustwalletapp)[](https://github.com/trustwallet)[](https://instagram.com/trustwallet)[](https://twitter.com/trustwallet)[](https://discord.gg/trustwallet)[](https://reddit.com/r/trustapp)[](https://t.me/trustwallet)

  * **Understanding Drift's Key Features**
  * **Connecting Your Trust Wallet**
  * **How to Trade Perpetuals Using Drift**
  * **How to Stake Tokens Using Drift**
  * **How to Swap Tokens Using Drift**

##### In Brief

Explore Solana's DeFi ecosystem using Drift and Trust Wallet. Discover swaps,
perpetuals, spot trading with leverage, and more.

![Explore Solana DeFi with Drift](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fsolana_defi_drift_ae5c0ac140.png&w=3840&q=75)

Drift, a leading Solana DEX, stands out as a user-friendly DeFi hub, offering
a range of financial tools. By integrating a secure Web3 [crypto
wallet](https://trustwallet.com/blog/crypto-wallet) with Drift, such as Trust
Wallet, users can securely manage their assets securely, and effortlessly
explore the world of [Solana DeFi](https://trustwallet.com/blog/a-beginners-
guide-to-sol).

This guide will walk you through leveraging Drift’s features. These include
swaps, perpetuals, and spot trading with leverage. Before you jump in, you'll
need a secure [Solana wallet](https://trustwallet.com/solana-wallet) to
connect to Drift. Trust Wallet is the most used mobile Web3 crypto wallet in
the world, and includes a browser extension you can use on desktop computers.

[![Download-Trust-Wallet-Button.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2FDownload_Trust_Wallet_Button_3b2b015a21.png&w=3840&q=75)](https://short.trustwallet.com/TW-
SEOblog)

## Understanding Drift's Key Features

Drift offers a comprehensive set of features designed to enhance the trading
experience, leveraging the power of decentralized finance (DeFi) on the
[Solana blockchain](https://trustwallet.com/blog/understanding-the-solana-
ecosystem-beginners-guide). Here are the key features that set this Solana DEX
apart:

### Spot Trading

Drift supports spot trading, enabling users to buy and sell cryptocurrencies
at current market prices. This feature provides a decentralized, efficient way
for traders to manage their digital assets and participate in the market.

### Perpetual Futures Trading

Drift enables traders to engage in perpetual futures contracts, which allow
for long or short positions without expiration dates. This provides continuous
trading opportunities and flexibility in managing positions and strategies.

### Borrowing and Lending

Drift offers borrowing and lending services, enabling users to lend their
assets to earn interest or borrow assets to enhance their trading strategies.
This functionality is crucial for users looking to leverage their positions or
generate passive income from their holdings.

### Staking

Users can stake their assets on Drift to earn rewards. You can stake your
assets into an insurance fund vault and earn a portion of the fees from perp
trades, borrows, and liquidations.

### Liquidity Pools

Drift provides robust liquidity through incentivized liquidity pools. These
pools ensure that traders can execute large orders with minimal slippage,
improving the trading experience. Users can also participate as liquidity
providers, earning rewards for contributing to the platform's liquidity.

### High-Speed, Low-Cost Transactions

Leveraging the Solana blockchain, Drift benefits from high transaction speeds
and low fees, ensuring that trades are executed swiftly and cost-effectively.
This makes the platform accessible and efficient for all users.

### User-Friendly Interface

Drift’s platform is designed to be intuitive and user-friendly, making it
accessible to both novice and experienced traders. Comprehensive analytics
tools and a clean interface help users make informed decisions and navigate
the platform with ease.

By offering this wide range of features, Drift creates a holistic DeFi
ecosystem that caters to the diverse needs of traders and investors. Whether
it’s through trading, staking, or liquidity provision, users can engage in
various financial activities within a single platform.

## Connecting Your Trust Wallet

The first step to access DeFi on Drift is to connect your Trust Wallet. Here’s
how.

  * If you’re using the mobile app, open Trust Wallet and select the “Browser” tab, then search “Drift” or enter the URL, [https://www.drift.trade/](https://www.drift.trade/), into the search bar, and select the “Done” button. If you’re using the browser extension, simply navigate to the drift.trade URL site.

  * Select “Launch App.”

  * Select “Connect Wallet,” and follow the next steps.

![solana-defi-drift-4.gif](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fsolana_defi_drift_4_747d946443.gif&w=3840&q=75)

Now that your wallet is connected, you’re ready to access Drift’s features.

## How to Trade Perpetuals Using Drift

Here’s how to trade perpetuals using Drift:

  * Open drift.trade in your Trust Wallet browser.

  * Select “Launch App,” and connect your wallet.

  * Navigate to the “Trade” tab, and select it.

  * Select “Perpetuals” from the dropdown.

  * Choose your desired market.

  * Choose either “Long” or “Short.”

  * Enter the “trade size,” or the amount you would like to trade.

  * Choose your leverage.

  * Enter your take profit/stop loss, if applicable.

  * Select either “Long” or “Short” to enter the trade.

![solana-defi-drift-1.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fsolana_defi_drift_1_40c1707adf.png&w=3840&q=75)

## How to Stake Tokens Using Drift

Here’s how to stake tokens using Drift:

  * Open drift.trade in your Trust Wallet browser.

  * Select “Launch App,” and connect your wallet.

  * Navigate to the “Earn” tab, and select it.

  * Select “Insurance Fund Saking” from the dropdown.

  * Choose which asset you would like to stake.

  * Select “Stake.”

![solana-defi-drift-3.gif](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fsolana_defi_drift_3_80b09e8162.gif&w=3840&q=75)

## How to Swap Tokens Using Drift

Here’s how to swap tokens using Drift:

  * Open drift.trade in your Trust Wallet browser.

  * Select “Launch App,” and connect your wallet.

  * Navigate to the “Trade” tab, and select it.

  * Select “Swap” from the dropdown.

From here, swapping tokens is just a matter of choosing the asset you want to
swap from, and the asset you want to swap to. For example, you could:

  1. Choose SOL in the “Pay” field, and DRIFT in the “Receive” field.

  2. Select “Swap” to initiate the swap. Then wait until the transaction goes through.

![solana-defi-drift-2.gif](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fsolana_defi_drift_2_6fc6c2c7a1.gif&w=3840&q=75)

The DRIFT crypto token is a community-driven governance token that powers the
Drift ecosystem.

### Conclusion

Drift, combined with Trust Wallet, offers you a powerful gateway into Solana's
DeFi ecosystem. By leveraging features like swaps, perpetuals, staking, and
more, you can explore various DeFi functionalities. Remember, successful
participation in DeFi hinges on understanding and using available tools
wisely. Always undertake your own research before engaging with any crypto
project or DeFi protocol.

_**Disclaimer:** Content is for informational purposes and not investment
advice. Web3 and crypto come with risk. Please do your own research with
respect to interacting with and holding cryptocurrencies. Exercise caution and
ensure decentralized applications (dApps) you connect to and use are safe.
View our terms of service at: [https://trustwallet.com/terms-of-
service](https://trustwallet.com/terms-of-service)_

[![Download-Trust-Wallet-Button.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2FDownload_Trust_Wallet_Button_3b2b015a21.png&w=3840&q=75)](https://short.trustwallet.com/TW-
SEOblog)

Join the Trust Wallet community on [Telegram](https://rebrand.ly/TW-Telegram-
Announcements) Follow us on [X (formerly Twitter)](https://rebrand.ly/TW-
Twitter-Blog) [Instagram](https://rebrand.ly/TW-Insta-Blog)
[Facebook](https://rebrand.ly/TW-FB-Blog) [Reddit](https://rebrand.ly/TW-
Reddit-Blog) [Warpcast](https://warpcast.com/trustwalletapp)

> **Note:** Any cited numbers, figures, or illustrations are reported at the
> time of writing, and are subject to change.

#### Simple and convenient to use, seamless to explore

[Download Trust Wallet](/download)

##### Stay Connected:

[](https://facebook.com/trustwalletapp)[](https://github.com/trustwallet)[](https://instagram.com/trustwallet)[](https://twitter.com/trustwallet)[](https://discord.gg/trustwallet)[](https://reddit.com/r/trustapp)[](https://t.me/trustwallet)

  * **Wallet**[Mobile App](/download)[Browser Extension](/browser-extension)
  * **Features**[Buy Crypto](/buy-crypto)[Swaps](/swap)[Staking](/staking)[NFTs](/nft)[Security](/security)[SWIFT: Smart Contract Wallet](/swift)
  * **Build**[Developer Docs](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/)[Wallet Core](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/wallet-core)[Submit dApp](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-dapps)[Get assets listed](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-assets)
  * **Support**[FAQ](https://community.trustwallet.com/c/helpcenter/8)[Community Forum](https://community.trustwallet.com/)[Contact Us](https://support.trustwallet.com/en/support/home)
  * **About**[About Us](/about-us)[Careers](/careers)[Press Kit](/press)[Terms of Service](/terms-of-service)[Privacy Policy](/privacy-policy)[Blog](/blog)
  * ![A-LIGN ISO 27701](/_next/static/media/image.8354ab2c.svg)![A-LIGN ISO 27001](/_next/static/media/image.7f0b3bc9.svg)

**Download Trust Wallet**

The most trusted & secure crypto wallet.

[Download for iOS](https://apps.apple.com/app/apple-
store/id1288339409?mt=8)[Download
Extension![Chrome](/_next/static/media/raw.7dd85797.svg)](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/trust-
wallet/egjidjbpglichdcondbcbdnbeeppgdph)[Download APK](/download/apk)[Download
for Android![App
Store](/_next/image?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Fimage.5ee64b2e.png&w=256&q=75)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.wallet.crypto.trustapp)

