[ ](/)

[How it works](/how-does-eclipse-work)[Careers](/careers)[News](/news)[Docs
](https://docs.eclipse.builders)

[ ](/)

[How it works](/how-does-eclipse-work)[Careers](/careers)[News](/news)[Docs
](https://docs.eclipse.builders)

[ ](/)

[How it works](/how-does-eclipse-work)[Careers](/careers)[News](/news)[Docs
](https://docs.eclipse.builders)

## Eclipse is

## Ethereum's fastest L2,

## powered by the  
Solana Virtual Machine

### What is the Solana virtual machine?

A piece of software that executes smart contracts and computes the state of
the Eclipse (and Solana) network after each new block is added to the chain.
The most popular virtual machine in crypto is the Ethereum virtual machine.

Eclipse is a new kind of architecture built to power the next generation of
decentralized applications weâve all been dreaming about.

![](https://assets-global.website-
files.com/637f3d9a749a77ee72b0e1ad/6388eb39bd12d0a99786d157_circle%20text.svg)![](https://assets-
global.website-
files.com/637f3d9a749a77ee72b0e1ad/6388ebf7fb25913d79a98a97_circle%20shapes.svg)

[Refer a candidate for our open positions and earn up to $15K.Referral Bonus
Program ](https://www.notion.so/eclipse-labs/Eclipse-Referral-Bonus-
Program-4865b76266e44a99af0347763a8423ca)

## What would you build if throughput weren't an issue?

Every second...

50,000+

Push notifications  are sent.

3.4 million

Emails are sent.

100,000

Google searches are made.

The biggest gaming sites host hundreds of thousands of players

at once.

[The best applications couldnât be built in web3.Until now.Find out how.
](/how-does-eclipse-work)

## A Layer 2 built for the future.

Superior speed, security, and  
scalability for powerful apps.

[Learn how it works ](/how-does-eclipse-work)

Unmatched speeds

Eclipse runs the highly performant Solana Virtual Machine (SVM) as its
execution environment. This means optimized parallel execution capable of
handling truly massive scale.  

Security properties from Ethereum

Our validating bridge is on Ethereum. The bridge will validate all Eclipse
transactions, preventing submission of invalid states. Additionally, it will
enforce eventual liveness and censorship resistance under certain failure
cases.

Composability across many apps

Itâs complicated to maintain accounts across many chains. Itâs worse UX to
keep bridging and worrying about what gas token you need. Eclipse is a shared
general-purpose L2 that can support most (if not all) use cases.

Scalable and verifiable

Celestiaâs data availability sampling (DAS) light node support means users
can verify for themselves that Eclipse block data has been made available
while contributing to securely scaling the entire network.

## [Compare rollup frameworksWhat will the economics of my rollup look like?
](/comparison)

## Backed by great investors

  * [ Polychain](https://polychain.capital)
  * [ Tribe Capital](https://tribecap.co)
  * [ Robot Ventures  
](https://robvc.com/)

  * [ DBA](https://www.dba.xyz/)
  * [ Accel](https://www.accel.com/)
  * [ Galileo](https://www.galileogroup.xyz/)
  * +

more

## with strong support from ecosystems

  * [ Celestia](https://celestia.org)
  * [ EigenLayer](https://www.eigenlayer.com)[ RISC Zero](https://www.risczero.com/)
  * [ Solana Foundation](https://solana.org)

+

more

## [Latest news ](/news)

[ See open positions ](/careers)

## Sign up for our mailing list

Thanks. Your submission has been received.

Oops! Something went wrong while submitting the form.

[Twitter ](https://twitter.com/EclipseFND)[Telegram
](https://t.me/eclipse_labs)[Discord ](https://discord.gg/eclipse-
labs)[LinkedIn ](https://www.linkedin.com/company/eclipse-laboratories/)

