Skip to main content

[](/en/)

  * Learn
  * Use
  * Build
  * Participate
  * Research

Search```K`

Languages EN

Change page

[Overview](/en/developers/docs/)

Foundational topics

[Intro to Ethereum](/en/developers/docs/intro-to-ethereum/)

[Intro to Ether](/en/developers/docs/intro-to-ether/)

[Intro to dapps](/en/developers/docs/dapps/)

[Web2 vs Web3](/en/developers/docs/web2-vs-web3/)

[Accounts](/en/developers/docs/accounts/)

[Transactions](/en/developers/docs/transactions/)

[Blocks](/en/developers/docs/blocks/)

[Ethereum virtual machine (EVM)](/en/developers/docs/evm/)

[Opcodes](/en/developers/docs/evm/opcodes/)

[Gas](/en/developers/docs/gas/)

[Nodes and clients](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/)

[Run a node](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/run-a-node/)

[Client diversity](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/client-diversity/)

[Nodes as a service](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/nodes-as-a-
service/)

[Node architecture](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/node-architecture/)

[Light clients](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/light-clients/)

[Archive nodes](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/archive-nodes/)

[Bootnodes](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/bootnodes/)

[Networks](/en/developers/docs/networks/)

[Consensus mechanisms](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/)

[Proof-of-work](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pow/)

[Mining](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pow/mining/)

[Mining algorithms](/en/developers/docs/consensus-
mechanisms/pow/mining/mining-algorithms/)

[Dagger-Hashimoto](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pow/mining/mining-
algorithms/dagger-hashimoto/)

[Ethash](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pow/mining/mining-
algorithms/ethash/)

[Proof-of-stake](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/)

[Gasper](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/gasper/)

[Weak subjectivity](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/weak-
subjectivity/)

[Attestations](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/attestations/)

[PoS rewards and penalties](/en/developers/docs/consensus-
mechanisms/pos/rewards-and-penalties/)

[PoS attack and defense](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/attack-
and-defense/)

[Keys](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/keys/)

[Proof-of-stake versus proof-of-work](/en/developers/docs/consensus-
mechanisms/pos/pos-vs-pow/)

[Block proposal](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/block-proposal/)

[Proof-of-stake FAQs](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/faqs/)

[Proof-of-authority](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/poa/)

Ethereum stack

[Intro to the stack](/en/developers/docs/ethereum-stack/)

[Smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/)

[Smart contract languages](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/languages/)

[Smart contract anatomy](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/anatomy/)

[Smart contracts libraries](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/libraries/)

[Testing smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/testing/)

[Compiling smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/compiling/)

[Deploying smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/deploying/)

[Verifying smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/verifying/)

[Upgrading smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/upgrading/)

[Smart contract security](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/security/)

[Smart contract formal verification](/en/developers/docs/smart-
contracts/formal-verification/)

[Composability](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/composability/)

[Development networks](/en/developers/docs/development-networks/)

[Development frameworks](/en/developers/docs/frameworks/)

Ethereum client APIs

[JavaScript APIs](/en/developers/docs/apis/javascript/)

[Backend APIs](/en/developers/docs/apis/backend/)

[JSON-RPC](/en/developers/docs/apis/json-rpc/)

[Data and analytics](/en/developers/docs/data-and-analytics/)

[Block explorers](/en/developers/docs/data-and-analytics/block-explorers/)

[Storage](/en/developers/docs/storage/)

[Integrated Development Environments (IDEs)](/en/developers/docs/ides/)

[Programming languages](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/)

[Dart](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/dart/)

[Delphi](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/delphi/)

[.NET](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/dot-net/)

[Golang](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/golang/)

[Java](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/java/)

[JavaScript](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/javascript/)

[Python](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/python/)

[Ruby](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/ruby/)

[Rust](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/rust/)

Advanced

[Bridges](/en/developers/docs/bridges/)

[Standards](/en/developers/docs/standards/)

[Token standards](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/)

[ERC-20: Fungible Tokens](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/erc-20/)

[ERC-721: NFTs](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/erc-721/)

[ERC-777](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/erc-777/)

[ERC-1155](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/erc-1155/)

[ERC-4626](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/erc-4626/)

[Maximal extractable value (MEV)](/en/developers/docs/mev/)

[Oracles](/en/developers/docs/oracles/)

[Scaling](/en/developers/docs/scaling/)

[Optimistic rollups](/en/developers/docs/scaling/optimistic-rollups/)

[Zero-knowledge rollups](/en/developers/docs/scaling/zk-rollups/)

[State channels](/en/developers/docs/scaling/state-channels/)

[Sidechains](/en/developers/docs/scaling/sidechains/)

[Plasma](/en/developers/docs/scaling/plasma/)

[Validium](/en/developers/docs/scaling/validium/)

[Data availability](/en/developers/docs/data-availability/)

[Networking layer](/en/developers/docs/networking-layer/)

[Network addresses](/en/developers/docs/networking-layer/network-addresses/)

[Portal Network](/en/developers/docs/networking-layer/portal-network/)

[Data structures and encoding](/en/developers/docs/data-structures-and-
encoding/)

[Patricia Merkle Trie](/en/developers/docs/data-structures-and-
encoding/patricia-merkle-trie/)

[Recursive-length prefix (RLP)](/en/developers/docs/data-structures-and-
encoding/rlp/)

[Simple serialize (SSZ)](/en/developers/docs/data-structures-and-
encoding/ssz/)

[Web3 secret storage definition](/en/developers/docs/data-structures-and-
encoding/web3-secret-storage/)

Design fundamentals

[Intro to design and UX](/en/developers/docs/design-and-ux/)

# Intro to Ethereum

n

Last edit: [@nhsz(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/nhsz), August 15,
2023

See contributors

On this page

  * What is a blockchain?
  * What is Ethereum?
  * What is ether?
  * What are smart contracts?
  * Terminology
    * Blockchain
    * ETH
    * EVM
    * Nodes
    * Accounts
    * Transactions
    * Blocks
    * Smart contracts
  * Further reading
  * Related tutorials

## What is a blockchain?

A blockchain is a public database that is updated and shared across many
computers in a network.

"Block" refers to data and state being stored in consecutive groups known as
"blocks". If you send ETH to someone else, the transaction data needs to be
added to a block to be successful.

"Chain" refers to the fact that each block cryptographically references its
parent. In other words, blocks get chained together. The data in a block
cannot change without changing all subsequent blocks, which would require the
consensus of the entire network.

Every computer in the network must agree upon each new block and the chain as
a whole. These computers are known as "nodes". Nodes ensure everyone
interacting with the blockchain has the same data. To accomplish this
distributed agreement, blockchains need a consensus mechanism.

Ethereum uses a [proof-of-stake-based consensus
mechanism](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/). Anyone who wants to
add new blocks to the chain must stake ETH - the native currency in Ethereum -
as collateral and run validator software. These "validators" can then be
randomly selected to propose blocks that other validators check and add to the
blockchain. There is a system of rewards and penalties that strongly
incentivize participants to be honest and available online as much as
possible.

If you would like to see how blockchain data is hashed and subsequently
appended to the history of block references, be sure to check out [this
demo(opens in a new tab)](https://andersbrownworth.com/blockchain/blockchain)
by Anders Brownworth and watch the accompanying video below.

Watch Anders explain hashes in blockchains:

## What is Ethereum?

Ethereum is a blockchain with a computer embedded in it. It is the foundation
for building apps and organizations in a decentralized, permissionless,
censorship-resistant way.

In the Ethereum universe, there is a single, canonical computer (called the
Ethereum Virtual Machine, or EVM) whose state everyone on the Ethereum network
agrees on. Everyone who participates in the Ethereum network (every Ethereum
node) keeps a copy of the state of this computer. Additionally, any
participant can broadcast a request for this computer to perform arbitrary
computation. Whenever such a request is broadcast, other participants on the
network verify, validate, and carry out ("execute") the computation. This
execution causes a state change in the EVM, which is committed and propagated
throughout the entire network.

Requests for computation are called transaction requests; the record of all
transactions and the EVM's present state gets stored on the blockchain, which
in turn is stored and agreed upon by all nodes.

Cryptographic mechanisms ensure that once transactions are verified as valid
and added to the blockchain, they can't be tampered with later. The same
mechanisms also ensure that all transactions are signed and executed with
appropriate "permissions" (no one should be able to send digital assets from
Alice's account, except for Alice herself).

## What is ether?

**Ether (ETH)** is the native cryptocurrency of Ethereum. The purpose of ETH
is to allow for a market for computation. Such a market provides an economic
incentive for participants to verify and execute transaction requests and
provide computational resources to the network.

Any participant who broadcasts a transaction request must also offer some
amount of ETH to the network as a bounty. The network will award this bounty
to whoever eventually does the work of verifying the transaction, executing
it, committing it to the blockchain, and broadcasting it to the network.

The amount of ETH paid corresponds to the resources required to do the
computation. These bounties also prevent malicious participants from
intentionally clogging the network by requesting the execution of infinite
computation or other resource-intensive scripts, as these participants must
pay for computation resources.

ETH is also used to provide crypto-economic security to the network in three
main ways: 1) it is used as a means to reward validators who propose blocks or
call out dishonest behavior by other validators; 2) It is staked by
validators, acting as collateral against dishonest behavior—if validators
attempt to misbehave their ETH can be destroyed; 3) it is used to weigh
'votes' for newly proposed blocks, feeding into the fork-choice part of the
consensus mechanism.

## What are smart contracts?

In practice, participants don't write new code every time they want to request
a computation on the EVM. Rather, application developers upload programs
(reusable snippets of code) into EVM state, and users make requests to execute
these code snippets with varying parameters. We call the programs uploaded to
and executed by the network smart contracts.

At a very basic level, you can think of a smart contract like a sort of
vending machine: a script that, when called with certain parameters, performs
some actions or computation if certain conditions are satisfied. For example,
a simple vendor smart contract could create and assign ownership of a digital
asset if the caller sends ETH to a specific recipient.

Any developer can create a smart contract and make it public to the network,
using the blockchain as its data layer, for a fee paid to the network. Any
user can then call the smart contract to execute its code, again for a fee
paid to the network.

Thus, with smart contracts, developers can build and deploy arbitrarily
complex user-facing apps and services such as: marketplaces, financial
instruments, games, etc.

## Terminology

### Blockchain

The sequence of all blocks that have been committed to the Ethereum network in
the history of the network. So named because each block contains a reference
to the previous block, which helps us maintain an ordering over all blocks
(and thus over the precise history).

### ETH

**Ether (ETH)** is the native cryptocurrency of Ethereum. Users pay ETH to
other users to have their code execution requests fulfilled.

[More on ETH](/en/developers/docs/intro-to-ether/)

### EVM

The Ethereum Virtual Machine is the global virtual computer whose state every
participant on the Ethereum network stores and agrees on. Any participant can
request the execution of arbitrary code on the EVM; code execution changes the
state of the EVM.

[More on the EVM](/en/developers/docs/evm/)

### Nodes

The real-life machines which are storing the EVM state. Nodes communicate with
each other to propagate information about the EVM state and new state changes.
Any user can also request the execution of code by broadcasting a code
execution request from a node. The Ethereum network itself is the aggregate of
all Ethereum nodes and their communications.

[More on nodes](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/)

### Accounts

Where ETH is stored. Users can initialize accounts, deposit ETH into the
accounts, and transfer ETH from their accounts to other users. Accounts and
account balances are stored in a big table in the EVM; they are a part of the
overall EVM state.

[More on accounts](/en/developers/docs/accounts/)

### Transactions

A "transaction request" is the formal term for a request for code execution on
the EVM, and a "transaction" is a fulfilled transaction request and the
associated change in the EVM state. Any user can broadcast a transaction
request to the network from a node. For the transaction request to affect the
agreed-upon EVM state, it must be validated, executed, and "committed to the
network" by another node. Execution of any code causes a state change in the
EVM; upon commitment, this state change is broadcast to all nodes in the
network. Some examples of transactions:

  * Send X ETH from my account to Alice's account.
  * Publish some smart contract code into EVM state.
  * Execute the code of the smart contract at address X in the EVM, with arguments Y.

[More on transactions](/en/developers/docs/transactions/)

### Blocks

The volume of transactions is very high, so transactions are "committed" in
batches, or blocks. Blocks generally contain dozens to hundreds of
transactions.

[More on blocks](/en/developers/docs/blocks/)

### Smart contracts

A reusable snippet of code (a program) which a developer publishes into EVM
state. Anyone can request that the smart contract code be executed by making a
transaction request. Because developers can write arbitrary executable
applications into the EVM (games, marketplaces, financial instruments, etc.)
by publishing smart contracts, these are often also called [dapps, or
Decentralized Apps](/en/developers/docs/dapps/).

[More on smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/)

## Further reading

  * [Ethereum Whitepaper](/en/whitepaper/)
  * [How does Ethereum work, anyway?(opens in a new tab)](https://www.preethikasireddy.com/post/how-does-ethereum-work-anyway) \- _Preethi Kasireddy_ (**NB** this resource is still valuable but be aware that it predates [The Merge](/en/roadmap/merge/) and therefore still refers to Ethereum's proof-of-work mechanism - Ethereum is actually now secured using [proof-of-stake](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/))

_Know of a community resource that helped you? Edit this page and add it!_

## Related tutorials

  * [A developer's guide to Ethereum, part 1](/en/developers/tutorials/a-developers-guide-to-ethereum-part-one/) _– A very beginner-friendly exploration of Ethereum using Python and web3.py_

back-to-top ↑

### Was this article helpful?

YesNo

![👈](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f448.svg)

Previous

[Overview](/en/developers/docs/)

![👉](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f449.svg)

Next

[Intro to Ether](/en/developers/docs/intro-to-ether/)

  * [Edit page(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/ethereum/ethereum-org-website/tree/dev/public/content/developers/docs/intro-to-ethereum/index.md)
  * On this page

    * What is a blockchain?
    * What is Ethereum?
    * What is ether?
    * What are smart contracts?
    * Terminology
      * Blockchain
      * ETH
      * EVM
      * Nodes
      * Accounts
      * Transactions
      * Blocks
      * Smart contracts
    * Further reading
    * Related tutorials

Website last updated: May 22, 2024

[(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/ethereum/ethereum-org-
website)[(opens in a new tab)](https://twitter.com/ethdotorg)[(opens in a new
tab)](https://discord.gg/ethereum-org)

### Learn

  * [Learn Hub](/en/learn/)
  * [What is Ethereum?](/en/what-is-ethereum/)
  * [What is ether (ETH)?](/en/eth/)
  * [Ethereum wallets](/en/wallets/)
  * [What is Web3?](/en/web3/)
  * [Smart contracts](/en/smart-contracts/)
  * [Gas fees](/en/gas/)
  * [Run a node](/en/run-a-node/)
  * [Ethereum security and scam prevention](/en/security/)
  * [Quiz Hub](/en/quizzes/)
  * [Ethereum glossary](/en/glossary/)

### Use

  * [Guides](/en/guides/)
  * [Choose your wallet](/en/wallets/find-wallet/)
  * [Get ETH](/en/get-eth/)
  * [Dapps - Decentralized applications](/en/dapps/)
  * [Stablecoins](/en/stablecoins/)
  * [NFTs - Non-fungible tokens](/en/nft/)
  * [DeFi - Decentralized finance](/en/defi/)
  * [DAOs - Decentralized autonomous organizations](/en/dao/)
  * [Decentralized identity](/en/decentralized-identity/)
  * [Stake ETH](/en/staking/)
  * [Layer 2](/en/layer-2/)

### Build

  * [Builder's home](/en/developers/)
  * [Tutorials](/en/developers/tutorials/)
  * [Documentation](/en/developers/docs/)
  * [Learn by coding](/en/developers/learning-tools/)
  * [Set up local environment](/en/developers/local-environment/)
  * [Grants](/en/community/grants/)
  * [Foundational topics](/en/developers/docs/intro-to-ethereum/)
  * [UX/UI design fundamentals](/en/developers/docs/design-and-ux/)
  * [Enterprise - Mainnet Ethereum](/en/enterprise/)
  * [Enterprise - Private Ethereum](/en/enterprise/private-ethereum/)

### Participate

  * [Community hub](/en/community/)
  * [Online communities](/en/community/online/)
  * [Ethereum events](/en/community/events/)
  * [Contributing to ethereum.org](/en/contributing/)
  * [Translation Program](/en/contributing/translation-program/)
  * [Ethereum bug bounty program](/en/bug-bounty/)
  * [Ethereum Foundation](/en/foundation/)
  * [Ethereum Foundation Blog(opens in a new tab)](https://blog.ethereum.org/)
  * [Ecosystem Support Program(opens in a new tab)](https://esp.ethereum.foundation)
  * [Devcon(opens in a new tab)](https://devcon.org/)

### Research

  * [Ethereum Whitepaper](/en/whitepaper/)
  * [Ethereum roadmap](/en/roadmap/)
  * [Improved security](/en/roadmap/security/)
  * [Technical history of Ethereum](/en/history/)
  * [Open research](/en/community/research/)
  * [Ethereum Improvement Proposals](/en/eips/)
  * [Ethereum governance](/en/governance/)

  * [About us](/en/about/)
  * [Ethereum brand assets](/en/assets/)
  * [Code of conduct](/en/community/code-of-conduct/)
  * [Jobs](/en/about/#open-jobs)
  * [Privacy policy](/en/privacy-policy/)
  * [Terms of use](/en/terms-of-use/)
  * [Cookie policy](/en/cookie-policy/)
  * [Press Contact(opens in a new tab)](mailto:press@ethereum.org)

Is this page helpful?

