Metaco.com will be sunset as of June 7, 2024

[Learn more](https://ripple.com/solutions/digital-asset-custody/ "Learn more")

Skip to main content

[![Metaco](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/logo.svg?x88149)![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/logo-w.svg?x88149)](https://www.metaco.com)

  * Solutions __

__Solutions

Solutions

    * [__Global Custodians Build tomorrow's market infrastructure ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/global-custodians-top-tier-banks/)
    * [__Universal Banks Satisfy demand for new asset classes ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/universal-banks/)
    * [__Neobanks & FintechsFind new routes to monetization ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/neobanks-fintechs/)
    * [__Regulated Exchanges Grow volumes and profit margins ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/regulated-exchanges/)
    * [__Corporates Boost customer loyalty and engagement ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/corporates/)

  * Platform __

__Platform

Platform

Deploy ambitious digital asset use cases with the most secure and versatile
infrastructure.

    * [__Harmonize™ Platform Overview Issue, store, trade, transfer, settle and service any type of digital asset. ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/harmonize/)
    * [__Custody Hot, warm and institutional cold storage ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/custody/)
    * [__Trading Powerful order execution, funding and settlement ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/trading/)
    * [__Web3 Web3 Portal spanning NFTs, DeFi and DApps ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/web3/)
    * [__Governance Entirely customizable risk and compliance controls ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/governance/)
    * [__Orchestration A single source of truth for managing all digital assets ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/orchestration/)
    * [__Tokenization Asset-agnostic smart contract management framework ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/tokenization/)
    * [__Integration Fully integrable platform following enterprise standards ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/integration/)
    * [__Security Highest protection against insider and external threats ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/security/)

  * Company __

__Company

Company

    * [__About](https://www.metaco.com/company/about/)
    * [__Media & news](https://www.metaco.com/company/media-coverage-press-releases/)
    * [__Careers](https://www.metaco.com/careers/)

  * Resources __

__Resources

Resources

    * [__Talks](https://www.metaco.com/resources/talks/)
    * [__Webinars](https://www.metaco.com/resources/webinars/)
    * [__Case studies](https://www.metaco.com/resources/case-studies/)
    * [__Reports](https://www.metaco.com/resources/reports/)
    * [__Blog](https://www.metaco.com/resources/blog/)

[Contact](https://www.metaco.com/contact/ "Contact")

[Blog](https://www.metaco.com/category/blog/)

# Leading the digital asset revolution from the frontlines

  *  __ October 5, 2021
  *  __8 min
  *  __Patrick Enjalbal (VP Services and MD, APAC at Metaco)

Share

  * [ __](https://www.linkedin.com/sharing/share-offsite/?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.metaco.com%2Fblog%2Fleading-the-digital-asset-revolution-from-the-frontlines%2F)
  * [__](https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Metaco+https%3A%2F%2Fwww.metaco.com%2Fblog%2Fleading-the-digital-asset-revolution-from-the-frontlines%2F+via+%40metaco_sa)

For those who only have a brushing acquaintance with it, crypto can seem mind-
blowingly complicated. But this isn’t strictly true.

Yes, the computers that power the blockchain handle extremely difficult
mathematical problems. And that’s the point. The complexity of the maths
ensures there’s a sufficiently high bar to obviate the need for human
gatekeepers.

But once you understand the basic concept that underpins the technology — the
blockchain is a digital, permissionless, trustless, and immutable system of
record — it’s very easy to see how it could be applied in everyday settings.

And it’s even easier to get excited by all the possibilities.

Lately, this particular penny cryptocoin seems to be dropping for more and
more people. Now that we’re [through the hype
cycle](https://www.metaco.com/digital-assets-are-coming-of-age/), a growing
number of investors — importantly, this includes institutional investors  —
are waking up to crypto’s incredible potential.

As a result, the cryptoasset space is inching closer towards the mainstream.
And Asia is shaping up to be the epicenter of this shift. Which is why I’m
delighted [to have joined METACO as Managing Director,
Asia](https://www.metaco.com/metaco-opens-singapore-office-amid-rising-
digital-asset-demand-from-financial-institutions-in-apac/).

### In search of stability

I’ve always been interested in finance and how it facilitates business. But I
was particularly drawn to banking, because banks have stood the test of time.

Humans have been setting up businesses for [over three thousand
years](https://www.bain.com/insights/3000-years-of-business-history-in-two-
minutes-video/). But organizations, industries, and business models come and
go. The common thread — the thing every business that has ever existed has in
common — is a relationship with a bank.

As a young man, I found this stability and, indeed, longevity very appealing,
which led me to want to become a banker.

Then, at the turn of the millennium, digital technology opened up new avenues.
And instead of working at a bank as I’d originally planned, I took a job as a
banking consultant with a technology company.

### From outlier to legitimate asset class: riding the crypto rollercoaster

I spent the next two decades helping banks improve their core infrastructure
and create market-leading digital products. But while it never became an area
of focus in my job, crypto soon came onto my radar.

At the time, banks were still reeling from the aftermath of the 2008 financial
crisis. But crypto was a far less stable proposition. Hackers stole people’s
crypto-assets all the time. And their value shot through the roof one day only
to go into freefall the next.

> **Then, three things happened. The speculative cryptoasset bubble burst, the
> technology matured, and regulators stepped in.**

More secure crypto infrastructure and an increasingly robust regulatory
framework — both [the US](https://www.occ.gov/news-issuances/news-
releases/2020/nr-occ-2020-98.html) and [the EU](https://eur-
lex.europa.eu/legal-content/EN/TXT/?uri=CELEX%3A52020PC0593) have passed
legislation that addresses grey areas and removes needless hurdles, for
instance — are encouraging institutional players to give cryptoassets a go.

Large incumbents like [JP Morgan, Goldman Sachs, and
Citi](https://www.coindesk.com/goldman-sachs-to-enter-crypto-market-soon-with-
custody-play-source) have started offering crypto trading and cryptoasset
custody services. Similarly, DBS Bank has launched Asia’s [first crypto-
focused
trust](https://www.dbs.com/newsroom/DBS_Private_Bank_launches_trust_solution_for_cryptocurrencies).

These initiatives aren’t just attempts at gaining a first-mover advantage.
With neo-banks and fintech challengers eating away their [main sources of
income](https://www.mckinsey.com/industries/financial-services/our-
insights/global-banking-annual-review), the crypto-asset space is potentially
a highly profitable new revenue stream.

At the same time, it’s becoming clearer that crypto is a viable industry. The
market for tokenized assets is expected to be worth [$24 trillion by
2027](https://hackernoon.com/market-outlook-on-tokenized-assets-a-usd24trn-
opportunity-9bac0c4dfefb). But cryptoassets also present a broader opportunity
— cutting out middlemen and gatekeepers, and [democratizing access to
traditionally centralized systems](https://beincrypto.com/in-decentralized-
world-twitter-wouldnt-arbitrate-free-speech/).

These developments are creating a virtuous cycle.

> **A saner market, better security, and better regulation are increasing
> institutional interest. In turn, institutional interest is increasing trust
> in the market, which is giving more people — and firms — the confidence to
> invest.**

The upshot is that we’ve reached a point where we can start building the
foundations of a stronger, more stable, more sustainable market. So, when my
old boss [Andre Israel](https://www.linkedin.com/in/andre-israel-a10371/) —
somebody I’d enjoyed an extremely fruitful 9-year working relationship with —
asked me to lead METACO’s operations in Asia, I didn’t think twice.

### Why crypto will go mainstream in Asia first

Cryptoassets are gaining respect as a legitimate asset class across the world.
Case in point, JP Morgan is pitching Bitcoin investments to [high net worth
clients](https://www.proactiveinvestors.com/companies/news/956935/) when,
barely four years ago, their chairman and CEO [was calling such people
‘stupid’](https://www.cnbc.com/2017/10/13/jamie-dimon-says-people-who-buy-
bitcoin-are-stupid.html).

But Asia — and Singapore in particular — is the region where crypto is closest
to reaching critical mass. And here’s why.

For starters, more Singaporeans are familiar with cryptoassets than anywhere
else on the planet. According to the [Independent Reserve Cryptocurrency Index
2021](https://www.independentreserve.com/static/independent-reserve-
cryptocurrency-index-irci-singapore-2021.pdf), 93% have heard of crypto, and
almost half —  43% — have crypto-asset holdings. In comparison, [only 13% of
Americans](https://www.cnbc.com/2021/07/23/13percent-of-americans-traded-
crypto-in-the-past-year-survey-finds.html) traded cryptoassets over the past
year.

More to the point, Singapore, a world-leading financial hub to begin with, has
one of the most mature regulatory frameworks for cryptoassets in the world.

The financial regulator — the Monetary Authority of Singapore — has recently
put in place a [licensing regime for crypto
trading](https://www.sygna.io/blog/singapore-cryptocurrency-regulations-and-
digital-payment-token-service-licensing/). This is significant, because it
legitimizes cryptoassets and puts them on the same level as other mainstream
financial instruments.

High standards build trust. And when there’s trust, mass adoption follows.

### The golden age of crypto is about to begin

At first it was a scam. Then it was a fad. And then it was supposedly a haven
for the unscrupulous and the reckless.

But, 12 years on from Satoshi Nakamoto’s [seminal white
paper](https://bitcoin.org/en/bitcoin-paper), it looks like we’ve finally
turned a corner.

Stronger and clearer regulations, greater familiarity, and growing interest
from mainstream financial players have increased cryptoassets’ stability and
liquidity, as well as trust in the market.

This is not to say it’s going to be plain-sailing from here on out.

The cryptoasset market is full of promises and possibilities. But it’s also
[full of pitfalls](https://www.metaco.com/platform/orchestration/). For
example, having the flexibility to pick different options for different
scenarios is essential. The problem is that these decisions can be
irreversible, creating silos and fragmentation and adding needless friction to
end-users’ experience.

METACO has created a product — [Harmonize](https://www.metaco.com/covario-the-
swiss-based-digital-asset-prime-broker-chooses-metaco-harmonize-to-
orchestrate-and-scale-its-digital-asset-custody-operations/) — that can bring
all these moving parts together in one place.

Harmonize sits at the heart of a firm’s crypto ecosystem, so you can manage
all customer channels, trading venues, key repositories, custodians,
settlement networks, and other components from one place.

More importantly, it offers optionality. Because you can plug and unplug
elements of your crypto stack at will, no decision is irreversible. You could
store private keys in-house today, for instance, and change tack and start
outsourcing them to a third-party custodian a few years down the line.

It’s no longer a question of whether crypto will go mainstream. It’s a
question of when. And, particularly in Asia, the ‘when’ is looking more
imminent every day.

But if banks and other financial firms are to catch the wave, they need to
have the right tools in place to allow them to be flexible, adaptable, and
agile.

And I couldn’t be more excited to have joined a company that will help make
this happen.

![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/footer.png?x88149)

## **Explore** more

  * ![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/02/ripple-metaco-logo-globe-1-640x638.png?x88149)

[Blog](https://www.metaco.com/category/blog/)

February 29, 2024### [Building for the Digital Asset Future with
Ripple](https://www.metaco.com/blog/building-digital-asset-future-with-ripple/
"Building for the Digital Asset Future with Ripple")

  * ![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/02/blog-1200-640x335.jpg?x88149)

[Blog](https://www.metaco.com/category/blog/)

February 16, 2024### [Preparing for a paradigm shift in financial
services](https://www.metaco.com/blog/paradigm-shift-rajeev-tummala-hsbc/
"Preparing for a paradigm shift in financial services")

  * ![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/01/blog-banner.jpg?x88149)

[Blog](https://www.metaco.com/category/blog/)

January 25, 2024### [UAE as a thriving digital assets’ hub: progressive
regulation spurs innovation](https://www.metaco.com/blog/uae-as-a-thriving-
digital-assets-hub-progressive-regulation-spurs-innovation/ "UAE as a thriving
digital assets’ hub: progressive regulation spurs innovation")

[![Metaco](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/logo-w.svg?x88149)](https://www.metaco.com)

  * [Solutions](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/)
    * [Global Custodians](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/global-custodians-top-tier-banks/)
    * [Universal Banks](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/universal-banks/)
    * [Neobanks & Fintechs](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/neobanks-fintechs/)
    * [Regulated Exchanges](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/regulated-exchanges/)
    * [Corporates](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/corporates/)
  * [Platform](https://www.metaco.com/platform/)
    * [Harmonize™](https://www.metaco.com/platform/harmonize/)
    * [Custody](https://www.metaco.com/platform/custody/)
    * [Trading](https://www.metaco.com/platform/trading/)
    * [Web3](https://www.metaco.com/platform/web3/)
    * [Governance](https://www.metaco.com/platform/governance/)
    * [Orchestration](https://www.metaco.com/platform/orchestration/)
    * [Tokenization](https://www.metaco.com/platform/tokenization/)
    * [Integration](https://www.metaco.com/platform/integration/)
    * [Security](https://www.metaco.com/platform/security/)
  * [Company](https://www.metaco.com/company/media-coverage-press-releases/)
    * [About](https://www.metaco.com/company/about/)
    * [Media & news](https://www.metaco.com/company/media-coverage-press-releases/)
    * [Jobs](https://www.metaco.com/jobs/)
  * [Resources](https://www.metaco.com/resources/)
    * [Talks](https://www.metaco.com/resources/talks/)
    * [Webinars](https://www.metaco.com/resources/webinars/)
    * [Case studies](https://www.metaco.com/resources/case-studies/)
    * [Reports](https://www.metaco.com/resources/reports/)
    * [Blog](https://www.metaco.com/resources/blog/)

![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/10/sco2.png?x88149)![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/10/iso27001.png?x88149)

  * [__](https://www.twitter.com/metaco_sa "Twitter: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")
  * [__](https://www.linkedin.com/company/metaco-ag/ "Linkedin: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")
  * [__](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC4MLOKnJD9bXfHVXMnHM7ow "Youtube: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")
  * [__](https://open.spotify.com/show/0IiI7iftR3F3RqinfJbpRT "Spotify: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")

© 2015-2024 - Metaco SA - All Rights Reserved |[ Terms & Conditions](https://www.metaco.com/terms-conditions/) | [Privacy Policy](https://www.metaco.com/privacy-policy/) | [Cookie policy](https://www.metaco.com/cookie-policy/)

