[](https://www.binance.com/en)

[Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/crypto/buy)

[Markets](https://www.binance.com/en/markets/overview)

Trade

Basic

  * [SpotBuy and sell on the Spot market with advanced tools](https://www.binance.com/en/trade/BTC_USDT?type=spot)
  * [MarginIncrease your profits with leverage](https://www.binance.com/en/trade?type=cross)
  * [P2PBuy & sell cryptocurrencies using bank transfer and 800+ options](https://p2p.binance.com/en)
  * [Convert & Block TradeThe easiest way to trade at all sizes](https://www.binance.com/en/convert)

Advanced

  * [Trading BotsTrade smarter with our various automated strategies - easy, fast and reliable](https://www.binance.com/en/trading-bots)
  * [Copy TradingFollow the most popular traders](https://www.binance.com/en/copy-trading)
  * [APIsUnlimited opportunities with one key](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-api)

[Futures](https://www.binance.com/en/futures/home)

  * [USDⓈ-M FuturesContracts settled in USDT and USDC](https://www.binance.com/en/futures)
  * [COIN-M FuturesContracts settled in cryptocurrency](https://www.binance.com/en/delivery)
  * [OptionsUSDT Options with limited downside and affordable entry](https://www.binance.com/en/eoptions)

[Earn](https://www.binance.com/en/earn)

[Square](https://www.binance.com/en/square)

  * [SquareStay informed with everything crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/square)
  * [Academy (Learn & Earn)Earn crypto by learning about blockchain](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn)
  * [BlogExpand your knowledge and get the latest insights](https://www.binance.com/en/blog)
  * [ResearchInstitutional-grade analysis, in-depth insights, and more](https://www.binance.com/en/research)

More

  * [VIP & InstitutionalYour trusted digital asset platform for VIPs and institutions](https://www.binance.com/en/vip-institutional-services)
  * [Launchpad & LaunchpoolDiscover and gain access to new token launches](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)
  * [MegadropLock your BNB and complete Web3 quests for boosted airdrop rewards](https://www.binance.com/en/megadrop)
  * [Mining PoolMine more rewards by connecting to the pool](https://pool.binance.com/en)
  * [PaySend, receive and spend crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/payment)
  * [LoansGet an instant loan secured by crypto assets](https://www.binance.com/en/loan)

  * [NFTExplore NFTs from creators worldwide](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/home)
  * [Fan TokenDiscover an all-new fandom and unlock unlimited fan experiences](https://www.binance.com/en/fan-token)
  * [Web3 WalletMeet the next-generation Web3 wallet](https://www.binance.com/en/web3wallet)
  * [BNB ChainThe most popular blockchain to build your own dApp](https://www.bnbchain.org)
  * [CharityBlockchain empowers charity to be more transparent, efficient, and traceable](https://www.binance.charity)

##### [Binance Blog](/blog)

# 3 Simple Methods to Purchase Bitcoin & Other Cryptocurrencies: Preparing for
the Bitcoin Halving

2024-02-29

[Halving](/blog/tag/halving-48)

## Main Takeaways

  * Embrace the excitement of Bitcoin halving by trading Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies through one of the several options provided on Binance.

  * Whether you're buying or selling Bitcoin, enjoy the ease and diverse payment methods using your local currency on Binance P2P or Buy Crypto page.

  * Alternatively, deposit your fiat currency to trade swiftly on Binance Spot.

[![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20240301/155ebab5-380d-4409-83e7-957a0d8f3c60)](https://www.binance.com/en/crypto/buy)

_Products and services referred to here may not be available in your region._

Welcome to the intriguing world of Bitcoin! Central to Bitcoin's unique
character is a phenomenon known as halving—an event that fundamentally
redefines supply and demand dynamics, triggering seismic waves across the
crypto universe. When Bitcoin undergoes a halving, the effects radiate across
countless platforms, with Binance—recognized as the world's largest
cryptocurrency exchange by trade volume—standing firm at the disruption's
center.

Within the Binance platform, users have multiple ways to be linked to
Bitcoin's ins and outs. In this blog, we delve into how you can buy and sell
Bitcoin on Binance with your fiat currency, offering you the opportunity to
take part in the momentum that Bitcoin Halving injects into both the
cryptocurrency industry and the broader global financial ecosystem.

## How to purchase Bitcoin on Binance?

  1. Binance P2P

With [_Binance P2P_](https://p2p.binance.com/en) , you will trade on an
industry-leading peer-to-peer marketplace. Here, you are given the freedom to
browse, choose the most favorable price, select a preferred payment method,
and decide your trading partners. With the added benefit of Binance's escrow
service, each transaction enjoys an extra layer of security.

For our App users, initiating a trade is as easy as clicking on 'Deposit' from
the app homepage, selecting 'P2P Trading', choosing your desired currency and
a preferred payment method from our list of over 700 supported options.

If you prefer web browsing, simply navigate to the [_P2P web
page_](https://p2p.binance.com/en) and begin trading. If speed and simplicity
are your priorities, opt for our[ _'Express' version of
P2P_](https://p2p.binance.com/en/express/buy) , and we will recommend a
verified counterparty, thus freeing you from the additional task of selecting
a trading partner.

For step-by-step instructions, please refer to this
[_guide_](https://www.binance.com/en/support/faq/how-to-buy-cryptocurrency-
via-p2p-trading-on-binance-app-360039384951).  

  2. Buy Crypto feature using Credit/ Debit Card, E-Wallet and Online Banking 

With Binance’s[ _Buy Crypto feature_](https://www.binance.com/en/crypto/buy) ,
you will be able to buy Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies with utmost
convenience and enhanced security.

For App users, click on “Deposit” from the app homepage, and select [Buy with
USD] or your local currency, and choose the preferred payment method. For web
users, simply head to the web page and [_start buying crypto with your local
currency_](https://www.binance.com/en/crypto/buy) securely.

For a step-by-step guide on purchasing with a credit/debit card, refer to the
[_FAQ_](https://www.binance.com/en/support/faq/how-to-buy-crypto-with-credit-
debit-card-8df758a570ba4d18941f38423f63aae5) here. Alternatively, check out
the other supported [_bank
transfer_](https://www.binance.com/en/support/faq/buy-crypto-
fiat-p2p?c=66&navId=66#75) or [_third party payment
options_](https://www.binance.com/en/support/faq/buy-crypto-
fiat-p2p?c=66&navId=66#79) .

  3. Deposit Fiat and Purchase via Buy Crypto Feature or Spot Trading

Another option to make the process perhaps even more straightforward and cost
effective, is to transfer your fiat currency to a binance account and purchase
Bitcoin or other cryptocurrencies via Buy Crypto feature or on Spot Trading
directly. Here’s a list of supported currencies and their respective guide on
how it works:

BRL: [_Transfer BRL_](https://www.binance.com/en/fiat/deposit/BRL) to Binance
following this [_step-by-step
guide_](https://www.binance.com/en/support/faq/how-to-deposit-brl-on-
binance-53636607eebc42dbb513863b49bba98f) . Once you have BRL in your Binance
account, you may purchase Bitcoin with BRL directly on [_Spot
Trading_](https://www.binance.com/en/trade/BTC_BRL?type=spot).

EUR: [_Deposit EUR_](https://www.binance.com/en/fiat/deposit/EUR) to Binance
following this [step by step
guide](https://www.binance.com/en/support/faq/how-to-deposit-eur-and-aeur-to-
binance-via-sepa-bank-transfer-e117b4c063534e5f93b735b980575000).  Once you
have EUR in your Binance account, you may purchase Bitcoin with EUR directly
on [_Spot Trading_](https://www.binance.com/en/trade/BTC_EUR?type=spot).

UAH: [_Deposit UAH_](https://www.binance.com/en/fiat/deposit/UAH) to Binance
following this [_step by step
guide_](https://www.binance.com/en/support/faq/how-to-deposit-uah-with-geo-
pay-bank-card-on-binance-43aa85be13d74ba2a0bb94de50a9d7d3).  Once you have UAH
in your Binance account, you may purchase Bitcoin with UAH directly on [_Spot
Trading_](https://www.binance.com/en/trade/BTC_UAH?type=spot).

ARS: [_Deposit ARS_](https://www.binance.com/en/fiat/deposit/ARS) to Binance
following this [_step by step
guide_](https://www.binance.com/en/support/faq/how-to-deposit-ars-on-binance-
argentine-pesos-ab6e7e1b950e4c76aa365be9f792c078).  Once you have ARS in your
Binance account, you may purchase Bitcoin with ARS directly on [_Spot
Trading_](https://www.binance.com/en/trade/BTC_ARS?type=spot).

COP: [_Deposit COP_](https://www.binance.com/en/fiat/deposit/COP) to Binance
following this [_step by step
guide_](https://www.binance.com/en/support/faq/how-to-transfer-your-cop-
colombian-pesos-to-binance-d2484f5a1ab7448d8f3fcca4effbfca3).  Once you have
COP in your Binance account, you may [_purchase
Bitcoin_](https://www.binance.com/en/crypto/buy/COP/BTC) or other
cryptocurrencies with your COP balance.

MXN: [_Deposit MXN_](https://www.binance.com/en/fiat/deposit/MXN) to Binance
following this [_step by step
guide_](https://www.binance.com/en/support/faq/how-to-transfer-your-mxn-
mexican-pesos-on-binance-c45b457e73a14580ab6be95f10bef5b5).  Once you have MXN
in your Binance account, you may [_purchase
Bitcoin_](https://www.binance.com/en/crypto/buy/MXN/BTC) or other
cryptocurrencies with your MXN balance.

PLN: [_Deposit PLN_](https://www.binance.com/en/fiat/deposit/PLN) to Binance
following this [_step by step
guide_](https://www.binance.com/en/support/faq/how-to-deposit-to-binance-via-
zen-74dd7a6d7f82410fae8ac49e4101ef94).  Once you have PLN in your Binance
account, you may purchase Bitcoin with PLN directly on [_Spot
Trading_](https://www.binance.com/en/trade/BTC_PLN?type=spot).

RON: [_Deposit RON_](https://www.binance.com/en/fiat/deposit/RON) to Binance
following this [_step by step
guide_](https://www.binance.com/en/support/faq/how-to-deposit-to-binance-via-
zen-74dd7a6d7f82410fae8ac49e4101ef94).  Once you have RON  in your Binance
account, you may purchase Bitcoin with RON directly on [_Spot
Trading_](https://www.binance.com/en/trade/BTC_RON?type=spot).

CZK: [_Deposit CZK_](https://www.binance.com/en/fiat/deposit/CZK) to Binance
following this [_step by step
guide_](https://www.binance.com/en/support/faq/how-to-deposit-to-binance-via-
zen-74dd7a6d7f82410fae8ac49e4101ef94). Once you have CZK in your Binance
account, you may purchase Bitcoin or other cryptocurrencies with your CZK
balance.

HUF: [_Deposit HUF_](https://www.binance.com/en/fiat/deposit/HUF) to Binance
following this [_step by step
guide_](https://www.binance.com/en/support/faq/how-to-deposit-to-binance-via-
zen-74dd7a6d7f82410fae8ac49e4101ef94). Once you have HUF in your Binance
account, you may purchase Bitcoin or other cryptocurrencies with your HUF
balance.

Leverage our diverse trading options to buy or sell Bitcoin and other
cryptocurrencies with ease. Use your local currency and choose from a variety
of payment methods on [_Binance P2P_](https://p2p.binance.com/en) or our
'[_Buy Crypto_](https://www.binance.com/en/crypto/buy) ' page. Alternatively,
simply [_deposit your fiat currency_](https://www.binance.com/en/fiat/deposit)
and begin trading on Binance Spot. Jump into the exciting moments of Bitcoin
Halving and Binance trading today!

##  Further Reading

  * (Support) [_How to Buy Crypto Through Binance P2P on the Website_](https://www.binance.com/en/support/faq/360043832851) and the[ ](https://www.binance.com/en/support/faq/360039384951)[_App_](https://www.binance.com/en/support/faq/360039384951).

  * (Support) [_How to Sell Crypto Through Binance P2P on the Website_](https://www.binance.com/en/support/faq/360041106311) and the[ ](https://www.binance.com/en/support/faq/360039385091)[_App_](https://www.binance.com/en/support/faq/360039385091).

  * (Support) [_How to Buy Crypto with Credit/Debit Card_](https://www.binance.com/en/support/faq/how-to-buy-crypto-with-credit-debit-card-8df758a570ba4d18941f38423f63aae5)

  * (Support) [_How to Buy and Sell Crypto with Bank Transfer_](https://www.binance.com/en/support/faq/buy-crypto-fiat-p2p?c=66&navId=66#75)

  * (Support) [_How to Buy and Sell Crypto with Third Parties_](https://www.binance.com/en/support/faq/buy-crypto-fiat-p2p?c=66&navId=66#79)

[![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20240219/82d2743a-8dfa-4191-b9b9-19adbe2b8037)](https://www.binance.com/en/crypto/buy)

Like this post

###### Share Post

Article Outlines

3 Simple Methods to Purchase Bitcoin & Other Cryptocurrencies: Preparing for
the Bitcoin Halving

Main Takeaways

How to purchase Bitcoin on Binance?

 Further Reading

### Community

[](https://discord.gg/jE4wt8g2H2)[](https://www.binance.com/en/community)[](https://www.tiktok.com/@binance?lang=en)[](https://www.facebook.com/binance)[](https://twitter.com/binance)[](https://www.reddit.com/r/binance)[](https://www.instagram.com/Binance/)[](https://coinmarketcap.com/exchanges/binance/)[](https://www.youtube.com/binanceyoutube)[](https://www.binance.com/en/community)

Theme

Theme

### About Us

  * [About](https://www.binance.com/en/about)
  * [Careers](https://www.binance.com/en/careers)
  * [Announcements](https://www.binance.com/en/support/announcement)
  * [News](https://www.binance.com/en/square/news/all)
  * [Press](https://www.binance.com/en/press)
  * [Legal](https://www.binance.com/en/legal/home)
  * [Terms](https://www.binance.com/en/terms)
  * [Privacy](https://www.binance.com/en/about-legal/privacy-portal)
  * [Building Trust](https://www.binance.com/en/land/building_trust)
  * [Blog](https://www.binance.com/en/blog)
  * [Community](https://www.binance.com/en/community)
  * [Sitemap](https://www.binance.com/en/country-region-selector)
  * [Risk Warning](https://www.binance.com/en/risk-warning)
  * [Notices](https://www.binance.com/en/support/list/notices)
  * [Downloads](https://www.binance.com/en/download)
  * [Desktop Application](https://www.binance.com/en/desktop-download)

### Products

  * [Exchange](https://www.binance.com/en/trade)
  * [Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/buy-sell-crypto)
  * [Leveraged Tokens](https://www.binance.com/en/leveraged-tokens/tokens/allTokens)
  * [TradingView](https://www.binance.com/en/land/tradingview)
  * [Pay](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/payment)
  * [Academy](https://academy.binance.com/en)
  * [Live](https://www.binance.com/en/live)
  * [Tax](https://www.binance.com/en/tax)
  * [Gift Card](https://www.binance.com/en/gift-card)
  * [Launchpad & Launchpool](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)
  * [Auto-Invest](https://www.binance.com/en/auto-invest)
  * [ETH Staking](https://www.binance.com/en/eth2)
  * [NFT](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/home)
  * [BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/bnb)
  * [BABT](https://www.binance.com/en/BABT?source=footer)
  * [Research](https://www.binance.com/en/research)
  * [Charity](https://www.binance.charity)

### Business

  * [P2P Merchant Application](https://c2c.binance.com/en/merchantApplication)
  * [P2Pro Merchant Application](https://p2p.binance.com/en/p2pro)
  * [Listing Application](https://www.binance.com/en/my/coin-apply)
  * [Institutional & VIP Services](https://www.binance.com/en/vip-institutional-services)
  * [Labs](https://labs.binance.com/)

### Learn

  * [Learn & Earn](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn)
  * [Browse Crypto Prices](https://www.binance.com/en/price)
  * [Bitcoin Price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/bitcoin)
  * [Ethereum Price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/ethereum)
  * [Browse Crypto Price Predictions](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction)
  * [Bitcoin Price Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction/bitcoin)
  * [Ethereum Price Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction/ethereum)
  * [Buy Bitcoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bitcoin)
  * [Buy BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bnb)
  * [Buy Ripple](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/xrp)
  * [Buy Dogecoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/dogecoin)
  * [Buy Ethereum](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/ethereum)
  * [Buy Tradable Altcoins](https://www.binance.com/en/altcoins/tradable)

### Service

  * [Affiliate](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/affiliate)
  * [Referral](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/referral?utm_source=Lite_web_footer)
  * [OTC Trading](https://www.binance.com/en/otc)
  * [Historical Market Data](https://www.binance.com/en/landing/data)
  * [Proof of Reserves](https://www.binance.com/en/proof-of-reserves)

### Support

  * [24/7 Chat Support](https://www.binance.com/en/chat?sourceEntry=4)
  * [Support Center](https://www.binance.com/en/support)
  * [Product Feedback & Suggestions](https://www.binance.com/en/my/user-support/feedback/entry)
  * [Fees](https://www.binance.com/en/fee/schedule)
  * [APIs](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-api)
  * [Binance Verify](https://www.binance.com/en/official-verification)
  * [Trading Rules](https://www.binance.com/en/trade-rule)
  * [Binance Airdrop Portal](https://www.binance.com/en/airdrop)
  * [Law Enforcement Requests](https://www.binance.com/en/support/law-enforcement)

Binance© 2024Cookie Preferences

