[ New: Wallet recovery made easy with Ledger Recover, provided by Coincover
Get started ](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-recover)

[ ![Ledger Academy](https://www.ledger.com/wp-
content/themes/ledger-v2/public/images/ledger-academy-logo-long.svg)
](https://www.ledger.com/academy "Ledger Academy")

  * [ Shop Ledger ](https://shop.ledger.com/)
  * [ Learn and earn  ](https://quest.ledger.com)
  * [ Search __](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library)
  * [ Crypto Glossary ](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary)
  * Topics
    * [Blockchain](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/blockchain)
    * [Crypto](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/crypto)
    * [DAOs](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/daos)
    * [DeFi](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/defi)
    * [Economics and Regulation](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/economics-and-regulation)
    * [Ledger solutions](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/ledgersolutions)
    * [Metaverse](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/metaverse)
    * [NFTs](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/nfts)
    * [Scams](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/scams)
    * [Security](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/security)
    * [Tutorials](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/tutorials)
  * Series
    * [Enter The Donjon](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/enter-the-donjon)
    * [How I Got Hacked](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/how-i-got-hacked)
    * [Keep Your Crypto Safe](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/get-your-crypto-safe)
    * [Ledger How To's](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/ledger-how-tos)
    * [On The Ledger](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/on-the-ledger)
    * [Reading Room](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/reading-room)
    * [School of Block](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/school-of-block)
  * [Start learning](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-web-30-everything-you-need-to-know)
  * English
    * This page is available in English only

  * The Classroom __
    * A) Welcome to Web3
      * [What is Web 3.0?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-web-30-everything-you-need-to-know "What is Web 3.0?")
      * [What Is Blockchain?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-blockchain "What Is Blockchain?")
      * [Blockchain: Where It Started, Where It’s Going](https://www.ledger.com/academy/blockchain-generations-explained "Blockchain: Where It Started, Where It’s Going")
      * [What Is Cryptocurrency?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-cryptocurrency "What Is Cryptocurrency?")
      * [How Many Cryptocurrencies Are There?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/how-many-cryptos-are-there "How Many Cryptocurrencies Are There?")
    * B) How to secure your crypto
      * [What Is a Private Key?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/whats-a-private-key "What Is a Private Key?")
      * [What Is a Crypto Wallet?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/2-how-to-own-crypto/what-is-a-crypto-wallet "What Is a Crypto Wallet?")
      * [What is a Seed Phrase (Secret Recovery Phrase)?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/2-how-to-own-crypto/whats-a-secret-recovery-phrase "What is a Seed Phrase \(Secret Recovery Phrase\)?")
      * [Crypto Threats: How Crypto Gets Stolen](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/2-how-to-own-crypto/how-crypto-gets-stolen-risks-to-beware-of "Crypto Threats: How Crypto Gets Stolen")
    * C) What is Ledger?
      * [What is Ledger? The Ledger Ecosystem Explained](https://www.ledger.com/academy/ledger-nano-the-safest-way-to-manage-crypto "What is Ledger? The Ledger Ecosystem Explained")
      * [Ledger’s Security Model: How Are Ledger Devices Secured?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/ledgers-ecosystem/why-is-ledger-nano-so-secure "Ledger’s Security Model: How Are Ledger Devices Secured?")
      * [Ledger Live App: Buy, Sell, Stake and Swap Crypto](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/ledgers-ecosystem/ledger-live-app-buying-selling-staking-and-swapping-crypto "Ledger Live App: Buy, Sell, Stake and Swap Crypto")
    * D) Web3 security essentials
      * [Web3 Scams: Common Crypto Scams and How To Avoid Them](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/web3-security-essentials/web3-scams-explained "Web3 Scams: Common Crypto Scams and How To Avoid Them")
      * [Do Your Own Research (DYOR): How to Investigate Crypto Projects](https://www.ledger.com/academy/do-your-own-research-how-to-investigate-crypto-projects "Do Your Own Research \(DYOR\): How to Investigate Crypto Projects")
      * [How to Migrate Your Crypto to Ledger](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/web3-security-essentials/how-to-secure-your-crypto-on-a-ledger-nano "How to Migrate Your Crypto to Ledger")
    * E) Digital Assets Explained
      * [Crypto Coins and Tokens: Their Use-Cases Explained](https://www.ledger.com/academy/crypto/what-is-the-difference-between-coins-and-tokens "Crypto Coins and Tokens: Their Use-Cases Explained")
      * [What Are Stablecoins?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-are-stablecoins "What Are Stablecoins?")
      * [What Are Memecoins?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-are-memecoins "What Are Memecoins?")
      * [Digital Assets Beyond Currency](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/blockchain/digital-assets-beyond-currency-explained "Digital Assets Beyond Currency")
    * F) Blockchain Basics
      * [How Does a Blockchain Transaction Work?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/how-does-a-blockchain-transaction-work "How Does a Blockchain Transaction Work?")
      * [Crypto Nodes: What Are They And How Do They Work?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-a-node-and-why-should-i-operate-one "Crypto Nodes: What Are They And How Do They Work?")
      * [What Is a Mempool?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-a-mempool "What Is a Mempool?")
      * [Consensus Mechanisms: How Blockchains Stay Secure](https://www.ledger.com/academy/consensus-protocols-how-are-blockchains-secure "Consensus Mechanisms: How Blockchains Stay Secure")
    * G) Wallet Knowledge (Leveling Up)
      * [What Is a Software Wallet?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/what-is-a-software-wallet "What Is a Software Wallet?")
      * [What Is a Hardware Wallet?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/crypto-hardware-wallet "What Is a Hardware Wallet?")
      * [What Is a Cold Wallet?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/what-is-a-cold-wallet "What Is a Cold Wallet?")
      * [How To Choose a Crypto Wallet](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/choose-the-best-crypto-wallet-for-you "How To Choose a Crypto Wallet")
    * H) Buy it, Sell it, Swap it, Earn it
      * [Why Use Ledger Live For Payments and Transactions?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/the-power-of-ledger-live "Why Use Ledger Live For Payments and Transactions?")
      * [Buying Crypto Through Ledger Live](https://www.ledger.com/academy/benefits-of-buying-crypto-through-ledger-live "Buying Crypto Through Ledger Live")
      * [How To Swap Your Crypto Securely Via Ledger Live](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/ledgersolutions/ledger-swap-the-most-secure-way-to-exchange-your-crypto "How To Swap Your Crypto Securely Via Ledger Live")
      * [Earn Crypto With Ledger Live: Staking Made Easy](https://www.ledger.com/academy/earn-crypto-with-ledger-live-staking-made-easy "Earn Crypto With Ledger Live: Staking Made Easy")
    * I) Blockchain Sleuthing: Become a Crypto Detective
      * [What is a Blockchain Sleuth?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/what-is-a-blockchain-sleuth "What is a Blockchain Sleuth?")
      * [Top Blockchain Sleuths: How 5 Crypto Detectives Rose To Fame](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/top-blockchain-sleuths "Top Blockchain Sleuths: How 5 Crypto Detectives Rose To Fame")
      * [Through the Eyes of a Sleuth: The Nomad Bridge Hack](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/nomad-bridge-hack "Through the Eyes of a Sleuth: The Nomad Bridge Hack")
      * [Best Tools For Blockchain Detectives](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/blockchain-detective-tools "Best Tools For Blockchain Detectives")
      * [How to Catch Criminals on the Blockchain](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/how-to-catch-crypto-criminals "How to Catch Criminals on the Blockchain")
    * J) Wallet Knowledge II - The Evolution of Crypto Storage
      * [Public Vs Private Keys: Understanding PKC in Crypto](https://www.ledger.com/academy/blockchain/what-are-public-keys-and-private-keys "Public Vs Private Keys: Understanding PKC in Crypto")
      * [BIP-32: Understanding Hierarchical Deterministic Wallets](https://www.ledger.com/academy/crypto/what-are-hierarchical-deterministic-hd-wallets "BIP-32: Understanding Hierarchical Deterministic Wallets")
      * [Understanding BIP-39: The Origin of Your Seed Phrase](https://www.ledger.com/academy/bip-39-the-low-key-guardian-of-your-crypto-freedom "Understanding BIP-39: The Origin of Your Seed Phrase")
      * [How Does A Crypto Wallet Work?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/how-does-a-crypto-wallet-work "How Does A Crypto Wallet Work?")
  * Topics __
    * [Blockchain](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/blockchain "Blockchain")
    * [Crypto](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/crypto "Crypto")
    * [DAOs](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/daos "DAOs")
    * [DeFi](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/defi "DeFi")
    * [Economics and Regulation](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/economics-and-regulation "Economics and Regulation")
    * [Ledger solutions](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/ledgersolutions "Ledger solutions")
    * [Metaverse](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/metaverse "Metaverse")
    * [NFTs](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/nfts "NFTs")
    * [Scams](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/scams "Scams")
    * [Security](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/security "Security")
    * [Tutorials](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/tutorials "Tutorials")
  * Series __
    * [Enter The Donjon](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/enter-the-donjon "Enter The Donjon")
    * [How I Got Hacked](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/how-i-got-hacked "How I Got Hacked")
    * [Keep Your Crypto Safe](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/get-your-crypto-safe "Keep Your Crypto Safe")
    * [Ledger How To's](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/ledger-how-tos "Ledger How To's")
    * [On The Ledger](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/on-the-ledger "On The Ledger")
    * [Reading Room](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/reading-room "Reading Room")
    * [School of Block](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/school-of-block "School of Block")
  * [ Shop Ledger ](https://shop.ledger.com/ "Shop Ledger")
  * [ Learn and earn  ](https://quest.ledger.com "Learn and earn")
  * [ Search __](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library "Search")
  * [ Crypto Glossary ](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary "Crypto Glossary")
  * English
    * This page is available in English only

### Up your Web3 game

## Ledger Academy Quests

  * __ Test your knowledge
  * __ Earn POK NFTs

[Play now](https://quest.ledger.com "Play now") [See all
quests](https://quest.ledger.com/quests "See all quests")

[__](https://www.youtube.com/Ledger "Ledger
Youtube")[__](https://twitter.com/Ledger "Ledger
Twitter")[__](https://www.reddit.com/r/ledgerwallet/ "Ledger
Reddit")[__](https://www.facebook.com/Ledger/ "Ledger
Facebook")[__](https://www.linkedin.com/company/ledgerhq "Ledger LinkedIn")

  * [Ledger Academy ](https://www.ledger.com/academy "Ledger Academy ") __
  * [Crypto](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/crypto "Crypto") __
  * ... __
  * The Complete Guide To Crypto Trading

# The Complete Guide To Crypto Trading

By **Gaurav Roy**

![](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2022/09/IMG-20220907-WA0002-104x104.jpg)

Mar 30, 2023 | **Updated May 29, 2023**

__Read 7 min

Beginner

SHARE

[](https://www.instagram.com/ledger
"Instagram")[](https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?u=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fhow-
to-trade-crypto
"Facebook")[](http://twitter.com/intent/tweet?via=ledger&text=The%20Complete%20Guide%20To%20Crypto%20Trading&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fhow-
to-trade-crypto "Twitter")[](https://www.linkedin.com/sharing/share-
offsite/?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fhow-to-trade-crypto
"Linkedin")[](http://reddit.com/submit?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fhow-
to-trade-crypto&title=The%20Complete%20Guide%20To%20Crypto%20Trading "Reddit")

![Coins spiraling in a circle](https://www.ledger.com/wp-
content/uploads/2023/03/06_Crypto_Cover_Orange-1024x432.jpg)

KEY TAKEAWAYS:  
---  
— Crypto trading involves buying and selling digital currencies on CEX or DEXs
to make a profit by taking advantage of price movements in the market.  
  
— A trading plan is essential to build structure and discipline to your
trading approach and increase the likelihood of success in the crypto market.  
  
— Ledger’s Ecosystem offers the tools and the protection you need to trade
crypto simply and securely.  
  
  
Want to learn how to trade crypto? Look no further than this comprehensive
guide. Whether you’re a beginner or an experienced trader, let’s get into it
and understand the exciting world of crypto trading!

## What is Crypto Trading

Crypto trading is all about buying and selling digital currencies, such as
[Bitcoin](https://www.ledger.com/coin/price/bitcoin) (BTC) or
[Ethereum](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-ethereum) (ETH), to make a
profit. Unlike traditional finance markets, the
[crypto](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-cryptocurrency) market is open
24 hours. To get started, you need a wallet and an exchange to trade on.

If you want to trade crypto, you will have to speculate on the price of a
digital currency to make a profit. The goal is to buy low and sell high, or
vice versa, by taking advantage of price movements in the cryptocurrency
market. Understanding the market’s dynamics can help minimize losses and
maximize profits.

## How Does Crypto Trading Work?

Put simply,  buyers and sellers agree on the price of a specific
cryptocurrency via an exchange. This exchange determines the asset’s market
valuation. Typically, buyers set lower prices than sellers, creating two sides
of an order book. When there are more buyers than sellers, prices increase,
and prices decrease when there are more sellers than buyers.

Now to trade cryptocurrencies, you need a [crypto
exchange](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-a-crypto-exchange). These
come in two main types: centralized exchanges (CEXs) and [decentralized
exchanges](https://www.ledger.com/academy/crypto/what-is-a-dex-decentralized-
exchanges-explained) (DEX).

### How do crypto exchanges let us trade crypto?

CEXs are run by a single company, hence the name “centralized exchange”.  They
allow users to trade with other individuals using an order book system.  This
displays buy and sell orders from traders, allowing users to place limit or
market orders to buy or sell a particular crypto. However, CEXs usually
require users to deposit funds into custodial wallets. This means the exchange
retains the ultimate power over that wallet, including the assets at that
address.

DEXs, on the other hand, are non-custodial platforms. That means you can use
them with [non-custodial wallets](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/non-
custodial-wallet), which allow users true ownership of their assets. Instead
of an order book system, DEXs use liquidity pools maintained by the smart
contract.  To determine the [price of a
cryptocurrency](https://www.ledger.com/coin/price) in a decentralized way,
DEXs calculates it from the ratio of tokens in the pool using an [automated
market maker](https://www.ledger.com/academy/whats-an-automated-market-maker)
(AMM) system. Users here buy or sell a cryptocurrency by simply trading with
the pool.

Whether using a [CEX or DEX](https://www.ledger.com/academy/dex-or-cex-your-
exchange-guide), traders must identify opportunities to profit from price
movements in the crypto market. This can involve a combination of strategies,
including using technical analysis tools, developing a solid trading plan, and
managing risk carefully.

## Making a Crypto Trading Plan

A trading plan is essential when trading cryptocurrencies, as it helps define
your objectives, risk tolerance, and overall approach to trading.

But remember, different trading styles and strategies come with different
kinds of risks and rewards.

For instance, using [dollar-cost
averaging](https://www.ledger.com/academy/dollar-cost-averaging-your-way-out-
of-fomo), you can buy a fixed dollar amount of crypto at regular intervals,
regardless of its price. The idea is to reduce the impact of market
volatility. However, it involves opportunity cost and market timing risk.

Let’s take a look at some popularly used crypto trading styles:

## Different Styles of Crypto Trading

Traders can adopt different trading styles when trading cryptocurrencies,
depending on their goals, risk tolerance, and time horizon. Here are three
major approaches to trading crypto:

### Day Trading:

Also known as intraday trading, this approach involves buying and selling
cryptocurrencies within a single trading day to profit from short-term price
movements. Day traders use technical analysis tools to identify short-term
trends and patterns in the market and typically make multiple trades
throughout the day.

Day trading requires a high level of focus, as well as a sound risk management
strategy. as the high frequency of trades can result in significant losses if
not managed properly.

Although day trading offers the potential for faster profits acting on short-
term trends can be stressful and extremely risky.

### Swing Trading:

In this approach, the trader holds a cryptocurrency position for a few days to
several weeks to profit from medium-term price movements. Swing traders use
technical analysis tools to identify trends in the market. Basically, analyse
a coin or token’s upwards and downward trends,  aiming to capture a portion of
a larger price move.

While swing trading requires a more relaxed approach than day trading, it
still demands more preparation, research, discipline, and careful risk
management to execute effectively and avoid significant losses.

### Position Trading:

Also known as trend trading, this approach involves holding a cryptocurrency
position for several weeks to several months to profit from long-term price
movements.

Position traders use fundamental analysis tools to assess a cryptocurrency’s
underlying value and potential growth prospects and typically make fewer
trades than a day or swing trader. Position trading requires a longer-term
view of the market and may require greater patience and discipline to see the
desired results.

Although position trading is less time-consuming and easier to learn, enabling
traders to predict market trends more effectively, it is a long-term strategy
that involves locking funds and maintaining positions for extended periods.

As we saw, each trading style has its own unique set of risks and rewards and
requires different skills and strategies to succeed.

## If You Want to Trade Crypto: DYOR  

DYOR, or “[Do Your Own Research](https://www.ledger.com/academy/do-your-own-
research-how-to-investigate-crypto-projects),” is a common term used in the
cryptocurrency community to emphasize the importance of conducting thorough
research before making trading decisions.

When trading cryptocurrencies, it’s crucial to understand the market, the
underlying technology, and the potential risks and rewards. This requires
taking the time to research and analyze various data points, including market
trends, historical price movements, and news and events.

### Analyzing Market

One important tool for conducting research is candlestick charts, which
visually represent price movements over a specific period. By analyzing
candlestick charts, traders can identify trends and patterns in the market,
such as support and resistance levels, bullish and bearish trends, and price
volatility.

### Identifying Trends

The market is simply people buying and selling, and reading it involves
spotting trends over time. There are two trends: bullish (steady increase) and
bearish (steady decrease). Bullish movements are called “pumps,” and bearish
movements are called “dumps.”

[Bullish and bearish](https://www.ledger.com/academy/crypto-bull-market-v-
bear-market) trends can also exist within larger opposing trends, resulting in
higher or lower highs and lows. Consolidation is when prices trade sideways
within a range, typically occurring after a sharp trend, before a trend
reversal, or during low demand and trading volumes.

### Whale Movements

Price movements are mainly influenced by “whales”,  individuals or groups with
significant funds for trading. Monitoring the movements of large sums of
crypto on the blockchain and analyzing these influential participants’ buying
and selling patterns can provide valuable insights into market sentiment.

Understanding the tools and indicators whales favor is crucial to developing a
successful cryptocurrency trading strategy. By anticipating whale behavior,
traders can work with them to achieve their profit objectives.

### Create your crypto portfolio

Creating a crypto portfolio involves selecting a mix of different
cryptocurrencies with varying risk profiles and market dynamics, known as
diversification. This is done to spread risk and reduce exposure to any single
asset or market sector.

Different types of coins and tokens include:

  * Coins and tokens for payment like BTC and ETH are usable for transactions wherever they are accepted in the cryptocurrency world.

  * Tokens representing ownership of an underlying security, such as stocks or real estate, are called security tokens.

  * Utility tokens like [BNB](https://www.ledger.com/coin/price/bnb) and [BAT](https://www.ledger.com/buy/bat) have specific use cases within a blockchain or crypto ecosystem.

  * Governance tokens like COMP allow users to participate in blockchain governance.

  * In-game tokens like the [play-to-earn](https://www.ledger.com/academy/nfts/what-is-play-to-earn) game [Axie Infinity](https://www.ledger.com/academy/nfts/what-is-axie-infinity) uses, represent currency, items, or other virtual assets. [AXS](https://www.ledger.com/coin/price/axie-infinity) is earned by players and traded on third-party exchanges.

  * NFTs like [CryptoPunks](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-are-cryptopunks-nfts) are one-of-a-kind non-interchangeable [non-fungible tokens](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-are-nft) representing ownership of a specific digital asset.

But remember, there is a difference between trading traditional
cryptocurrencies like BTC and newer types of assets such as NFTs and gaming
tokens, which have unique use cases, market dynamics, and price drivers.

## How to Start Crypto Trading

Crypto trading can be an exciting and potentially profitable venture, but it’s
important to understand that it can also be risky. Before getting started with
crypto trading, it is important to have adequate knowledge and understanding
of the associated risks to make better decisions. Below, we discuss how to buy
crypto, choose an exchange, and sell crypto.

### Buy Crypto

To start trading crypto, you must first [buy the
crypto](https://www.ledger.com/buy) asset you want to trade.

If you’re a first-time crypto trader looking to buy cryptocurrency with fiat
currency, several options exist.

One of the most common options is to use a centralized exchange, such as
Coinbase, Binance, or Kraken. Another option is to use a ledger API so that
your crypto goes directly to your non-custodial wallet for maximum protection.

### Choose an Exchange

When selecting a crypto trading platform, it’s important to consider several
factors. For example, you might want to check out the types of orders
permitted and whether it provides derivatives or leverage. Maybe you’re
looking for integration with trading bots or fees that benefit traders.
Choosing an exchange might be overwhelming but there are some key points to
remember.

As mentioned, different exchanges allow you different custody over your
assets. Decentralized exchanges allow you custody over your own assets,
whereas centralized exchanges do not.

But also, their fee structures differ too. Trading fees, deposit, and
withdrawal fees aren’t standardized. Typically though, decentralized exchanges
are much cheaper than their centralized counterparts.

### Sell Crypto

Now comes the selling part, which is an essential aspect of trading. Taking
profits means off-ramping or selling some or all of your crypto for fiat
(i.e., government-issued currency like USD, EUR, etc.).

When the value of your crypto appreciates, you can sell it to lock in profits
and reduce your exposure to market volatility. This strategy is essential for
traders who want to maintain a consistent return.

You can sell crypto in a few ways:

  * Through a cryptocurrency exchange.

  * Via a direct trade. For example, exchanging crypto for fiat currency via peer-to-peer (P2P) platforms.

  * OTC (Over-the-counter) trading is another way to trade with a broker or dealer who buys your crypto at a negotiated price. It is typically used for large transactions and is often used by institutions.

  * Via a  physical crypto ATM in a real-life location that you must visit in person.

## Trading Crypto Effectively Requires Tools and Education

So now you’re ready with the knowledge to choose the right platforms and find
the best crypto trading method for you. But how to choose between them? Why
can’t one platform do it all?

Well, actually it can. The Ledger Live app offers you options to buy sell and
trade crypto through Ledger partners, such as Binance, Cryptonovae, and more.

The Ledger Ecosystem is vast and Ledger Live is not the end of your crypto
trading journey.  Trading assets of potentially large value is a risky
business. As such, it’s important to keep them safe.

## Before You Trade, Secure your Crypto Assets

To keep your assets safe, you must keep your private keys offline. The easiest
way is with a hardware wallet, such as the devices Ledger offers.

When you use a hardware wallet, you will typically need to connect it to a
computer or mobile device to manage your crypto. However, your private keys
never leave the device. Ledger Devices have a PIN feature to make securing
your keys easy. Plus, their screens are unhackable. This means you can sign
transactions in peace.  

This is essential for crypto traders, who must keep their assets safe.
Furthermore, ledger devices can do so whilst connecting to everything the
blockchain has to offer via Ledger Live. Ledger Live boasts countless trading
apps to make sure your crypto trading experience is as easy and as secure as
it can be.

**Gaurav Roy**  

![](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2022/09/IMG-20220907-WA0002-104x104.jpg)

Gaurav began writing professionally in 2017. Since then, he has assisted over
100 companies in a variety of domains, including e-commerce, blockchain,
cybersecurity, online marketing, and a lot more. He is also keen on learning a
new skill every year. In his free time, he likes playing games on his Xbox and
scrolling through Quora.

**SHARE**

[](https://www.instagram.com/ledger
"Instagram")[](https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?u=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fhow-
to-trade-crypto
"Facebook")[](http://twitter.com/intent/tweet?via=ledger&text=The%20Complete%20Guide%20To%20Crypto%20Trading&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fhow-
to-trade-crypto "Twitter")[](https://www.linkedin.com/sharing/share-
offsite/?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fhow-to-trade-crypto
"Linkedin")[](http://reddit.com/submit?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fhow-
to-trade-crypto&title=The%20Complete%20Guide%20To%20Crypto%20Trading "Reddit")

  

Related Resources

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/defi/sei-network-what-it-is-and-how-
to-use-it)

[Sei Network: What It Is And How To Use
It](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/defi/sei-network-what-it-is-and-how-
to-use-it)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/defi/what-is-rocket-pool)

[What Is Rocket Pool?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/defi/what-is-
rocket-pool)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-dydx-exchange)

[What Is dYdX Exchange?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-dydx-exchange)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/economics-and-regulation/bitcoin-
spot-futures-etf)

[Bitcoin Spot Vs Futures ETFs: What’s the
Difference?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/economics-and-
regulation/bitcoin-spot-futures-etf)

__Read

8 min Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-a-pump-and-dump-in-crypto)

[What Is a Pump and Dump?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-a-pump-and-
dump-in-crypto)

__Read

8 min Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/crypto-candlestick-charts-explained)

[How To Read Crypto Candlestick Charts](https://www.ledger.com/academy/crypto-
candlestick-charts-explained)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/crypto/ai-and-crypto-trading-
benefits-projects-and-the-future)

[AI and Crypto Trading: Benefits, Projects, and the
Future](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/crypto/ai-and-crypto-trading-
benefits-projects-and-the-future)

__Read

6 min Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/crypto/exploring-the-integration-of-
ai-and-cryptocurrency)

[Exploring the Integration of AI and
Cryptocurrency](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/crypto/exploring-the-
integration-of-ai-and-cryptocurrency)

__Read

7 min Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-slippage-in-crypto)

[What Is Slippage in Crypto?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-slippage-
in-crypto)

__Read

7 min Beginner

### Stay in touch

Announcements can be found in our blog. Press contact:  
[media@ledger.com](mailto:media@ledger.com)

  * [__](https://www.reddit.com/r/ledgerwallet/ "Ledger Reddit")
  * [__](https://www.facebook.com/Ledger/ "Ledger Facebook")
  * [__](https://www.instagram.com/ledger/ "Ledger Instagram")
  * [__](https://twitter.com/Ledger "Ledger Twitter")
  * [__](https://www.youtube.com/Ledger "Ledger Youtube")
  * [__](https://www.linkedin.com/company/ledgerhq "Ledger Linkedin company")
  * [__](https://www.tiktok.com/@ledger "Ledger Tiktok")
  * [__](https://discord.com/invite/ledger "Ledger Discord")

### Subscribe to our  
newsletter

New coins supported, blog updates and exclusive offers directly in your inbox

  

Enter your email

Register to newsletter

Your email address will only be used to send you our newsletter, as well as
updates and offers. You can unsubscribe at any time using the link included in
the newsletter.

[Learn more about how we manage your data and your
rights.](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/privacy-notice#ledger-newsletter)

__

[![](https://www.ledger.com/wp-content/themes/ledger-v2/public/images/ledger-
logo-long.svg)](https://www.ledger.com "Ledger")

  * English
    * This page is available in English only

Copyright © Ledger SAS. All rights reserved. Ledger, Ledger Stax, Ledger Nano
S, Ledger Vault, Bolos are trademarks owned by Ledger SAS.  
  
1 rue du Mail, 75002 Paris, France  
  
Payment methods  
![](/wp-content/uploads/2021/11/logo-paypal-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-crypto-s.png?v=6)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-bitpay-s.png?v=6)  
![](/wp-content/uploads/2021/11/layer1.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-visa-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-maestro-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-mastercard-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-cb-s.png?v=2)

  * Products
    * [Ledger Stax](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-stax)
    * [Ledger Nano X](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-nano-x)
    * [Ledger Nano S Plus](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-nano-s-plus)
    * [Compare our devices](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/hardware-wallets-comparison)
    * [Bundles](https://shop.ledger.com/#category-bundle)
    * [Accessories](https://shop.ledger.com/#category-accessories)
    * [All products](https://shop.ledger.com)
    * [Downloads](https://www.ledger.com/ledger-live)

  * Crypto Assets
    * [Bitcoin wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/bitcoin)
    * [Ethereum wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/ethereum)
    * [Cardano wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/cardano)
    * [XRP wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/ripple)
    * [Monero wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/monero)
    * [USDT wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/tether)
    * [See all assets](https://www.ledger.com/supported-crypto-assets)

  * Crypto Services
    * [Crypto Prices](https://www.ledger.com/coin/price)
    * [Buy crypto](https://www.ledger.com/buy)
    * [Staking crypto](https://www.ledger.com/staking)
    * [Swap crypto](https://www.ledger.com/swap)

  * For Business
    * [Ledger Enterprise Solutions](https://enterprise.ledger.com/)

  * For Startups
    * [Funding from Ledger Cathay Capital](https://www.ledger.com/cathay-ledger-fund)

  * For Developers
    * [The Developer Portal](https://developers.ledger.com/)

  * Get started
    * [Start using your Ledger device](https://www.ledger.com/start)
    * [Compatible wallets and services](https://www.ledger.com/ledger-wallets-and-services)
    * [How to buy Bitcoin](https://www.ledger.com/buy-bitcoin)
    * [Guide before buying bitcoin](https://www.ledger.com/buy-bitcoin/how)
    * [Bitcoin Hardware Wallet](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/bitcoin-hardware-wallet)

  * See also
    * [Support](https://support.ledger.com/hc)
    * [Bounty program](https://donjon.ledger.com/bounty/)
    * [Resellers](/reseller)
    * [Ledger Press Kit](https://www.ledger.com/press)
    * [Affiliates](https://www.ledgerwallet.com/affiliates/)
    * [Status](https://status.ledger.com/)
    * [Partners](/partners)

  * Careers
    * [Join us](https://www.ledger.com/career)
    * [All jobs](https://www.ledger.com/jobs)

  * About
    * [Our vision](https://www.ledger.com/blog/we-are-ledger-a-brand-vision)
    * [Ledger Academy](https://www.ledger.com/academy)
    * [The company](/the-company)
    * [The people](/the-people-behind-ledger)
    * [Diversity](https://www.ledger.com/diversity)
    * [Blog](/blog)

  * Legal
    * [Legal Center](https://www.ledger.com/legal-center)
    * [Sales Terms and Conditions](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/terms-and-conditions)
    * [Privacy Policy](https://www.ledger.com/privacy-policy)
    * [Disclaimers](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/disclaimers)

![](https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=237213137153741&ev=PageView&noscript=1)

## Your Cookies preferences !

We use cookies to analyse the traffic on our site, enhance your experience and
deliver marketing contents that are relevant to your interests. Please note
that you can change your cookie settings and withdraw your consent at any time
from our[Cookie Policy](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/cookie-policy)

Reject All Accept All

Cookies Settings

![Ledger Logo](https://cdn.cookielaw.org/logos/df21fb3f-71b8-491b-89ee-
eb777bcaf866/56e0a676-5d93-4a14-bfc7-7a2d75f2b993/15ffac82-5822-4def-b3b3-a595598861a2/White_64.png)

## Privacy Preference Center

  * ### Your Privacy

  * ### Strictly Necessary Cookies

  * ### Performance Cookies

  * ### Functional Cookies

  * ### Targeting Cookies

  * ### Social Media Cookies

#### Your Privacy

When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your
browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you,
your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as
you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but
it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your
right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on
the different category headings to find out more and change our default
settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience
of the site and the services we are able to offer.  
[More information](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/cookie-policy)

#### Strictly Necessary Cookies

Always Active

These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched
off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by
you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy
preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block
or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then
work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.

View Vendor Details‎

#### Performance Cookies

Performance Cookies

These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure
and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are
the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All
information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If
you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our
site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.

View Vendor Details‎

#### Functional Cookies

Functional Cookies

These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and
personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose
services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then
some or all of these services may not function properly.

View Vendor Details‎

#### Targeting Cookies

Targeting Cookies

These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They
may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show
you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal
information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet
device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted
advertising.

View Vendor Details‎

#### Social Media Cookies

Social Media Cookies

These cookies are set by a range of social media services that we have added
to the site to enable you to share our content with your friends and networks.
They are capable of tracking your browser across other sites and building up a
profile of your interests. This may impact the content and messages you see on
other websites you visit. If you do not allow these cookies you may not be
able to use or see these sharing tools.

View Vendor Details‎

Back Button

### Vendors List

Filter Button

Consent Leg.Interest

checkbox label label

checkbox label label

checkbox label label

Clear

checkbox label label

Apply Cancel

Confirm My Choices

Allow All

[![Powered by
Onetrust](https://cdn.cookielaw.org/logos/static/powered_by_logo.svg)](https://www.onetrust.com/products/cookie-
consent/)

