This website uses cookies to offer you a better browsing experience. Find out
more on how we use cookies.

Opt-out[Details](/privacy-policy#collection-of-information)

Accept

[![Solana](/_next/static/media/logotype.e4df684f.svg)](/)

  * Learn
  * Developers
  * Solutions
  * Network
  * Community

Search```K`

# Carbon neutral.  
Climate focused.

How the Solana Foundation and greater community are building a better, more
energy-efficient web3.

### 658

Average energy used per Solana transaction, in Joules

### 5,749

Average energy used per Solana nonvoting transaction, in Joules

### 9,162

Annual carbon footprint, in tons of CO2

### 0

Net carbon impact

[See raw data](https://solanaclimate.com/)

## How Solana’s energy use stacks up

Compare Solana’s extremely efficient platform.

One Solana (voting + non-voting) transaction [0.658kJ]

![](/_next/image?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Fcomparative-scale-of-solana-
footprint.0cc2f6d3.png&w=3840&q=75)

[Read the Energy Use Report](/news/announcing-real-time-emissions-measurement-
on-the-solana-blockchain)

![](data:image/svg+xml,%3csvg%20xmlns=%27http://www.w3.org/2000/svg%27%20version=%271.1%27%20width=%27188%27%20height=%2740%27/%3e)![Solana
Foundation](/_next/static/media/logo.58065ad0.svg)

## Neutralizing Solana’s carbon impact

The Solana Foundation is committed to studying the impact of the Solana
blockchain, open-sourcing the data, and taking steps to bring the chain’s
footprint to zero.

Solana is the first smart-contract layer 1 blockchain with real-time energy
emissions tracking, enabling anyone in the world to examine the network’s
emissions down to the validator or RPC level.

## A climate-focused ecosystem

### GainForest

Gainforest combines artificial intelligence with community-engagement to get
real-time data on the world’s forests and turn conservation areas into digital
impact certificates, unique to the space each certificate is tied to.

[Read more](/news/case-study-gainforest)[Visit
Gainforest](https://gainforest.earth/)

![GainForest](/_next/image?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Fgainforest.8d24a590.jpg&w=1080&q=75)

![EcoToken](/_next/image?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Fecotoken.24057eca.jpg&w=128&q=75)

#### EcoToken

EcoToken brings environmental credits to Solana, offering an easy way for
anyone to have an environmental impact. This is complemented by recognition
through leaderboards and NFT Impact Certificates.

[Visit EcoToken](https://ecotoken.earth/)

![SunriseStake](/_next/image?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Fsunrisestake.a4c51fca.jpg&w=128&q=75)

#### SunriseStake

SunriseStake supports climate-positive staking on Solana.

[Visit SunriseStake](https://www.sunrisestake.com/)

![Outerverse by Outside
Interactive](/_next/image?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Foutside.affadcc8.png&w=128&q=75)

#### Outerverse by Outside Interactive

The Outerverse is an NFT-based outdoor creator community and marketplace on a
mission to inspire more people to get outside – and 20% of net revenue from
all sales goes to nonprofits working for sustainability and DEI.

[Visit Outerverse](https://www.outside.io/)

![WiHi](/_next/image?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Fwihi.61a0ebd2.png&w=128&q=75)

#### WiHi

WiHi is a decentralized solution to the problems of weather forecasting and
climate monitoring.

[Visit WiHi](https://www.noetika.tech/weather)

## What you can do

### [Use the dataWe’ve open-sourced the Solana’s emissions data for those who
want to check our work or use it for other analyses. Read the energy use
report for more information.](/news/announcing-real-time-emissions-
measurement-on-the-solana-blockchain)### [Lighten your footprintThe Solana
Foundation encourages all validators and projects to take a look at their own
emissions data and mitigate where possible. Learn from Orca’s
journey.](https://medium.com/orca-so/what-daos-can-do-about-climate-
change-e38292c46c16)### [Apply for a grantCheck some project ideas for making
the Solana network more climate positive, or submit your own
proposal.](https://solanafoundation.notion.site/Solana-Foundation-RFPs-
be81db095f054b3f895e1c03de3e65fd)

Managed by

[](/)

[](/youtube)[](/twitter)[](/discord)[](/reddit)[](/github)[](/telegram)

© 2024 Solana Foundation. All rights reserved.

Solana

  * [Grants](https://solana.org/grants)
  * [Break Solana](https://break.solana.com/)
  * [Media Kit](/branding)
  * [Careers](https://jobs.solana.com/)
  * [Disclaimer](/tos)
  * [Privacy Policy](/privacy-policy)

Get Connected

  * [Ecosystem](/ecosystem)
  * [Blog](/news)
  * [Newsletter](/newsletter)

en

© 2024 Solana Foundation. All rights reserved.

