Metaco.com will be sunset as of June 7, 2024

[Learn more](https://ripple.com/solutions/digital-asset-custody/ "Learn more")

Skip to main content

[![Metaco](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/logo.svg?x88149)![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/logo-w.svg?x88149)](https://www.metaco.com)

  * Solutions __

__Solutions

Solutions

    * [__Global Custodians Build tomorrow's market infrastructure ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/global-custodians-top-tier-banks/)
    * [__Universal Banks Satisfy demand for new asset classes ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/universal-banks/)
    * [__Neobanks & FintechsFind new routes to monetization ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/neobanks-fintechs/)
    * [__Regulated Exchanges Grow volumes and profit margins ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/regulated-exchanges/)
    * [__Corporates Boost customer loyalty and engagement ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/corporates/)

  * Platform __

__Platform

Platform

Deploy ambitious digital asset use cases with the most secure and versatile
infrastructure.

    * [__Harmonize™ Platform Overview Issue, store, trade, transfer, settle and service any type of digital asset. ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/harmonize/)
    * [__Custody Hot, warm and institutional cold storage ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/custody/)
    * [__Trading Powerful order execution, funding and settlement ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/trading/)
    * [__Web3 Web3 Portal spanning NFTs, DeFi and DApps ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/web3/)
    * [__Governance Entirely customizable risk and compliance controls ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/governance/)
    * [__Orchestration A single source of truth for managing all digital assets ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/orchestration/)
    * [__Tokenization Asset-agnostic smart contract management framework ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/tokenization/)
    * [__Integration Fully integrable platform following enterprise standards ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/integration/)
    * [__Security Highest protection against insider and external threats ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/security/)

  * Company __

__Company

Company

    * [__About](https://www.metaco.com/company/about/)
    * [__Media & news](https://www.metaco.com/company/media-coverage-press-releases/)
    * [__Careers](https://www.metaco.com/careers/)

  * Resources __

__Resources

Resources

    * [__Talks](https://www.metaco.com/resources/talks/)
    * [__Webinars](https://www.metaco.com/resources/webinars/)
    * [__Case studies](https://www.metaco.com/resources/case-studies/)
    * [__Reports](https://www.metaco.com/resources/reports/)
    * [__Blog](https://www.metaco.com/resources/blog/)

[Contact](https://www.metaco.com/contact/ "Contact")

[Blog](https://www.metaco.com/category/blog/)

# Exploring the Regulatory Landscape for Digital Assets in South Africa, Kenya
and Mauritius

  *  __ December 7, 2023
  *  __8 min
  *  __by Bradley Johnson, Sales Director, Africa

Share

  * [ __](https://www.linkedin.com/sharing/share-offsite/?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.metaco.com%2Fblog%2Fregulatory-landscape-digital-assets-mauritius-southafrica%2F)
  * [__](https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Metaco+https%3A%2F%2Fwww.metaco.com%2Fblog%2Fregulatory-landscape-digital-assets-mauritius-southafrica%2F+via+%40metaco_sa)

> Digital assets encompass a whole lot more than just cryptocurrencies,”

stated Angela Itzikowitz, a key figure in banking and financial market
regulation, setting the stage for a new [Metaco Talks podcast
episode](https://www.metaco.com/talks/da-ecosystem-mauritius-south-africa-
aitzikowitz-agoppee/).

Joined by Ashveen Gopee, Partner and Managing Director at PwC Legal Mauritius,
the duo, with their extensive expertise in finance, regulation, fintech, and
cybersecurity, explore the multifaceted world of digital assets in Mauritius,
South Africa, and Kenya.

Host Katrin Koller, Product Director at Metaco, opened the discussion by
highlighting the factors influencing cryptocurrency adoption in Africa and
Asia, including rising inflation and the depreciation of fiat currencies. She
pointed out, “the world of digital assets has so much more to it” as financial
services globally innovate with blockchain technology amidst an evolving
regulatory landscape​​.

Together, they delve into the evolving digital asset ecosystems of Mauritius,
South Africa, and Kenya, navigating the complex regulatory developments.

**The scope of digital assets beyond crypto**

> Cryptocurrencies are just one side of the coin for applications of
> blockchain, even though they were the first ones, the first use case and
> applications on blockchain.

Angela Itzikowitz [emphasized](https://www.metaco.com/talks/da-ecosystem-
mauritius-south-africa-aitzikowitz-agoppee/) that digital assets include a
broader range than just cryptocurrencies, with crypto assets being a subset of
digital assets. This includes non-fungible tokens (NFTs), tokenized securities
or bonds, stablecoins, and Central Bank Digital Currencies (CBDCs) among
others.

To define the term as such, she offered,

> A digital asset is nothing more than a non-tangible asset that is created,
> stored, traded, and transferred in a digital form.

Ashveen Gopee shared that a virtual asset, a cryptocurrency or virtual asset
as it’s legally called in Mauritius, is

> A digital representation of value that may be digitally traded or
> transferred, and may be used for payment or investment purposes.

Now, these are the characteristics and the early definition of what a
cryptocurrency was intended to do, by the inventor of cryptocurrencies,
Satoshi Nakamoto. That has also been captured by the definition of the FATF
(Financial Action Task Force).

**Regulatory framework in Mauritius**

Shifting focus to Mauritius, Ashveen
[detailed](https://www.metaco.com/talks/da-ecosystem-mauritius-south-africa-
aitzikowitz-agoppee/) the country’s progressive approach to digital asset
regulation through the Virtual Asset and Initial Token Offering Services Act
(VAITOS).

He explained, “The VAITOS provides licenses and regulates virtual asset
service provider activities. If you’re doing business in or from Mauritius,
you have to apply for a license with the Financial Services Commission.” This
Act signifies Mauritius’ commitment to aligning with international standards
in regulating blockchain technologies​​.  

Both speakers discussed the importance of guidance notes in shaping the
regulatory environment. Ashveen shared an example concerning NFTs: “We’ve got
a guidance note on NFTs, for example. This note categorizes NFTs and provides
a clear indication of how the regulatory body is going to look at your token.”
Such guidance plays a critical role in helping market participants navigate
the regulatory landscape​​.

**The path forward for South Africa**

Angela provided a comparative perspective, noting that South Africa’s
regulatory framework is less developed than Mauritius’. She advised,

> Always test your offering, what it is you want to do in the South African
> market, against a raft of legislation.

This approach is vital in a landscape where specific regulations for different
types of digital assets may not be in place​​.

Discussing South Africa’s ongoing efforts, Angela highlighted the importance
of compliance and the challenges crypto asset service providers face. “It’s
quite interesting… One of the keys is that digital assets and crypto assets
are used interchangeably,” she said, emphasizing the need for clarity in
regulation and the importance of understanding the subtle differences between
various types of digital assets​​.

**The dynamic regulatory environment in Mauritius and Kenya**

In the ever-evolving domain of virtual assets, Ashveen Gopee reflected on
Mauritius’ approach, highlighting the Financial Services Commission’s
remarkable dynamism and willingness to consider innovative frameworks, such as
potentially developing regulations for collateral of virtual assets and even
contemplating a DAO (Decentralized Autonomous Organization) Act.

Furthermore, Angela brought into focus Kenya’s novel approach, where the
authorities are engaging directly with the Blockchain Association of Kenya to
collaboratively draft legislation on crypto assets, a move driven by
competition and the desire for regulatory innovation on the African continent.
This collaborative and forward-thinking attitude exemplifies the adaptive
nature of regulatory bodies in emerging markets, striving to keep pace with
the rapid developments in the digital asset space.  

**Understanding custodian roles in virtual asset regulation**

Ashveen Gopee addressed an audience question about the roles and
responsibilities of custodians. He clarified that custodians generally have
control over virtual assets, a vital aspect in the regulatory framework. This
control can vary depending on the nature of the custodianship, with some
custodians having full control for quick trading and others operating under a
shared control mechanism for safekeeping. Such a nuanced understanding of
custodian roles reflects the complexity and evolving nature of virtual asset
regulations.

**Market response to crypto asset regulations**

Angela Itzikowitz shared insights on how the market has received recent
regulatory changes, particularly in the crypto asset space. Interestingly, the
market has generally welcomed regulation, contrary to the initial hesitation.
Industry players increasingly seek regulatory compliance, recognizing it as a
mark of credibility and trustworthiness. This marks a shift from a preference
for self-regulation to a desire for formal regulatory inclusion, signifying a
maturing market, with players acknowledging the benefits of operating within a
legal framework.

**The critical role of AML in crypto asset management**

Ashveen and Angela emphasized the importance of Anti-Money Laundering (AML)
regulations. They discussed the challenges and responsibilities that exchanges
and service providers face in complying with AML standards, including the
identification of ultimate beneficial owners and screening against sanctions
lists. These compliance requirements, while rigorous, are crucial for
preventing the misuse of crypto assets in money laundering and other illicit
activities.

**Addressing the challenge of debanking**

A significant concern raised was the issue of ‘debanking,’ where banks close
accounts or refuse services to clients dealing in crypto assets due to
perceived risks. Ashveen pointed out the counterproductive nature of
debanking, as it could push transactions into less regulated spaces, like
peer-to-peer platforms, inadvertently fostering environments conducive to
money laundering. Both speakers advocated for a change in mindset within the
banking sector, emphasizing the need for banks to adapt and integrate
technology-savvy professionals to understand better and manage the intricacies
of crypto asset transactions.

Based on the comprehensive insights shared during the podcast, it’s evident
that the regulatory landscape for digital assets in Mauritius, South Africa,
and Kenya is dynamic and increasingly sophisticated. The forward-thinking
approaches, such as Mauritius’ VAITOS Act and Kenya’s collaborative efforts
with the Blockchain Association, highlight the regions’ commitment to
embracing technological advancements while ensuring robust regulatory
frameworks. This evolving landscape underscores the need for ongoing dialogue
and collaboration between regulators, industry players, and technological
experts to navigate the complexities of digital asset regulation effectively.
As the digital asset space continues to mature, its integration into the
global financial system will hinge on balancing innovation with regulatory
compliance, ensuring a secure and trustworthy environment for all
stakeholders.

[Click here to listen to the entire episode of Metaco
Talks](https://www.metaco.com/talks/da-ecosystem-mauritius-south-africa-
aitzikowitz-agoppee/ "Click here to listen to the entire episode of Metaco
Talks")

## Subscribe to future **Metaco insights**

[ Subscribe](https://go.metaco.com/l/1003211/2023-09-22/qzqx "Subscribe")

![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/footer.png?x88149)

[![Metaco](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/logo-w.svg?x88149)](https://www.metaco.com)

  * [Solutions](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/)
    * [Global Custodians](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/global-custodians-top-tier-banks/)
    * [Universal Banks](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/universal-banks/)
    * [Neobanks & Fintechs](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/neobanks-fintechs/)
    * [Regulated Exchanges](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/regulated-exchanges/)
    * [Corporates](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/corporates/)
  * [Platform](https://www.metaco.com/platform/)
    * [Harmonize™](https://www.metaco.com/platform/harmonize/)
    * [Custody](https://www.metaco.com/platform/custody/)
    * [Trading](https://www.metaco.com/platform/trading/)
    * [Web3](https://www.metaco.com/platform/web3/)
    * [Governance](https://www.metaco.com/platform/governance/)
    * [Orchestration](https://www.metaco.com/platform/orchestration/)
    * [Tokenization](https://www.metaco.com/platform/tokenization/)
    * [Integration](https://www.metaco.com/platform/integration/)
    * [Security](https://www.metaco.com/platform/security/)
  * [Company](https://www.metaco.com/company/media-coverage-press-releases/)
    * [About](https://www.metaco.com/company/about/)
    * [Media & news](https://www.metaco.com/company/media-coverage-press-releases/)
    * [Jobs](https://www.metaco.com/jobs/)
  * [Resources](https://www.metaco.com/resources/)
    * [Talks](https://www.metaco.com/resources/talks/)
    * [Webinars](https://www.metaco.com/resources/webinars/)
    * [Case studies](https://www.metaco.com/resources/case-studies/)
    * [Reports](https://www.metaco.com/resources/reports/)
    * [Blog](https://www.metaco.com/resources/blog/)

![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/10/sco2.png?x88149)![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/10/iso27001.png?x88149)

  * [__](https://www.twitter.com/metaco_sa "Twitter: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")
  * [__](https://www.linkedin.com/company/metaco-ag/ "Linkedin: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")
  * [__](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC4MLOKnJD9bXfHVXMnHM7ow "Youtube: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")
  * [__](https://open.spotify.com/show/0IiI7iftR3F3RqinfJbpRT "Spotify: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")

© 2015-2024 - Metaco SA - All Rights Reserved |[ Terms & Conditions](https://www.metaco.com/terms-conditions/) | [Privacy Policy](https://www.metaco.com/privacy-policy/) | [Cookie policy](https://www.metaco.com/cookie-policy/)

