[![wormhole
logo](https://images.ctfassets.net/n8aw1cra6v98/2057wAXk6apiGi4vfTeC2u/9e200f5dfebaf6bb113c879243cf4508/wormwhole.svg?w=384&q=100)](/)

Products

Ecosystem

Developers

Platform

Community

[Start Building](https://docs.wormhole.com/)

Case Study

### Hashflow

Feb 04, 2024

·

2 min read

### Challenge:

Ever since the emergence of EVM-compatible and non-EVM blockchains, users in
DeFi can trade, lend, and permissionlessly transact across a variety of
ecosystems. The key to unlocking all of this value is being able to easily
transfer assets across chains. Unfortunately, the general cross-chain trading
experience today is still tedious, expensive, and often poses security risks —
especially when trying to transfer native assets from EVM to non-EVM chains,
such as Solana.

### Solution:

Powered by the Wormhole interoperability platform,
[Hashflow](https://www.hashflow.com/?ref=wormhole.ghost.io), a multichain
(also cross-chain) DEX aggregator, enables users to seamlessly swap their
assets natively across Ethereum, Arbitrum, Avalanche, BNB Chain, Optimism,
Polygon, and Solana. EVM to non-EVM traders on Hashflow can swap between
ETH/USDC/USDT and SOL effortlessly and natively within minutes — without the
need to bridge (or using synthetic assets).

### Results

Integrating with Wormhole has enabled Hashflow to:

  * Facilitate seamless, native-to-native cross-chain swaps at the best prices
  * Support cross-chain trading between EVM chains (Ethereum and Arbitrum) and Solana
  * Provide a ~50% reduction in network fees

Hashflow leverages an intent-based smart order routing architecture (now RFQ
DEX + Aggregator) to offer traders the best prices, access to over $8B in
liquidity, and the ability to trade every token. Trades that clear on the RFQ
DEX via Premium Market Makers remain slippage-free, MEV-resistant, and often
provide lower gas fees.

#### Hashflow

Threshold crypto unlocks digital asset utility/usability without centralized
trust. Disperses operations across nodes, subset must collaborate. Enables
decentralized control, security for assets sans intermediaries.

[Website](https://www.hashflow.com/?ref=wormhole.ghost.io)

![](https://images.ctfassets.net/n8aw1cra6v98/7vDpfWG0EjjIVkDJ2LUzrL/15e86749fd697d017c818c3994f4245a/Social-
card---Case-Studies--2-.png?w=1920&q=75)

![Image](https://images.ctfassets.net/n8aw1cra6v98/2fP8M06oPDd6atrcKaUHOQ/0fcc04374046f970de7dfb7fe86574e5/worm.svg)

#### Future-proof, permissionless tooling to empower multichain builders

[Start Building](https://docs.wormhole.com/)

Subscribe for updates

Subscribe

[![x or twitter](/assets/x.svg)](https://twitter.com/wormhole)[![x or
twitter](/assets/discord.svg)](https://discord.gg/wormholecrypto)[![x or
twitter](/assets/telegram.svg)](https://t.me/wormholecrypto)[![x or
twitter](/assets/github.svg)](https://github.com/wormhole-
foundation/wormhole)[![x or
twitter](/assets/some.svg)](https://docs.wormhole.com/)[![x or
twitter](/assets/youtube.svg)](https://www.youtube.com/@wormholecrypto)

Products

[connect](/products/connect)[SDK](/products/sdk)[native token
transfers](/products/native-token-
transfers)[Queries](/products/queries)[Messaging](/products/messaging)

Ecosystem

[Multichain apps](/ecosystem/multichain-apps)[W
Token](/ecosystem/w-token)[Ecosystem Programs](/ecosystem/ecosystem-
programs)[Case Studies](/case-studies)

Developers

[Documentation](https://docs.wormhole.com/wormhole)[Github](https://github.com/wormhole-
foundation)[Bug Bounties](https://immunefi.com/bug-
bounty/wormhole/)[Wormholescan](https://wormholescan.io/)

Platform

[Blockchains](/platform/blockchains)[Security](/platform/security)[Gateway](/platform/gateway)

Community

[Hub](/community/hub)[Blog](/blog)[Brand and Press](/brand-and-press)

2024 Ⓒ Wormhole. All Rights Reserved.

[Terms of use](/pages/terms-of-use)[Privacy Policy](/pages/data-protection-
and-privacy-policy)

