s m a r t

w a l l e t s

a t

l i g h t s p e e d

[Squads](../)

[Protocol](../protocol)

[Extension](../extension)

[Use Cases](../use-cases)

[About](https://www.sqds.io/)

[Blog](../blog)

[](../)

Get started

# Formal Verification and Security Analysis Report of v4 by Certora

Nov 13, 2023

![certora-solana-formal-verification-squads-protocol-v4-formally-verified-
audits-certora-security-
analysis](https://framerusercontent.com/images/7eFH41jdoNIoDVpFzHIAOPGIZw.png)

At Squads Labs, we are committed to delivering the safest and most reliable
multisig solutions on Solana. Hence, we recently engaged Certora to conduct a
security analysis report and formal verification on the new Squads Protocol v4
program. This effort ensures that it lays the foundation for the new core
multisig infrastructure for Solana-based teams and projects, v4, building upon
what was established with v3.

The audit and formal verification, which took place between August 29, 2023,
and October 5, 2023, included several stages, including an exploratory period,
multiple readings of the code and hands-on testing. The Certora report
concluded with no major security flaws, reaffirming our commitment to security
and reliability.

[Certora](https://www.certora.com/), a leading audit firm in smart contract
security, is renowned for its formal verification expertise. This process uses
complex mathematical models to ensure the correctness of algorithms, such as
those in smart contracts. This rigorous analysis involved scrutinizing the
code at the bytecode level, a technique unique not only in crypto but also
across the tech industry. Focusing on our new Squads Protocol v4 program, this
marks Certora's first formal verification report on Solana.

Formal verification is critical in the design of various safety-critical
systems, including chip design and autonomous system security. The Certora
Prover can demonstrate the absence of bugs in a program by solving complex
mathematical constraints. This unique method helps to identify potential
violations of invariants - rules that should never be broken in smart
contracts. This technology has previously identified crucial bugs in major
protocols like Aave, Compound, Balancer and SushiSwap, often discovering and
fixing these issues before deployment.

The successful formal verification of the Squads Protocol v4 marks a crucial
step forward in providing our users with a new secure, transparent and
reliable multisig experience on Solana. This process is crucial in ensuring
that our code is robust and secure for deployment. The report's conclusion of
no major security flaws showcases the robustness of v4 to our users while we
continue to pave the way in protecting and empowering assets of teams and
organizations on Solana.

View the full Certora report [here](https://github.com/Squads-
Protocol/v4/blob/main/certora_security_report_and_formal_verification.pdf).  
  

**About Certora**

Certora develops unique technology which supplements your programming experts
and manual auditors by automatically detecting security vulnerabilities both
before the code is deployed and during operation. The process is executed
automatically and provides mathematical proofs of correctness on a daily
basis. To learn more about Certora, please visit <https://www.certora.com/>.

**About Squads Labs**

Squads Labs is a core contributor to Squads Protocol, the leading multisig
infrastructure on Solana. In addition to helping maintain the protocol, Squads
Labs makes the Squads platform, an institutional-grade multisig platform for
Solana-based teams. The Squads platform helps web3-native teams manage and
secure digital assets on-chain. To learn more about Squads Labs, please visit
<https://www.sqds.io/>.

  

Continue reading

[![Turn on Rent Reclaim for cost-effective
transactions](https://framerusercontent.com/images/eOILakO7M19S8jwBSRmPIXJhg.png)Rent
Reclaim: Enjoy Cost-Effective TransactionsMay 17, 2024](./update-rent-
reclaim)[![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/WOKbvF0y1nHBuYDN78pvmWH8zU.png)
Squads Validator: The Most Secure Way to Stake SOLMay 17, 2024](./update-
introducing-squads-validator)[![Use Squads Token Manager for Token Extensions
and Token Metadata
Updates](https://framerusercontent.com/images/7HnkhwbJM5yCrT3XKC9bXCdaoM.png)Squads
Token Manager: Now Supporting Token Extensions and Metadata UpdatesMay 17,
2024](./update-token-manager-token-extensions-and-metadata-updates)

[](../)

All rights reserved

Â© Squads Protocol 2024

Product

[Squads](../)

[Protocol](../protocol)

[Extension](../extension)

[Use Cases](../use-cases)

[Why Multisig](https://squads.so/blog/what-are-multisig-wallets)

Resources

[Github](https://github.com/Squads-Protocol)

[SDK](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@sqds/multisig)

[Documentation](https://docs.squads.so/main/basics/welcome-to-squads)

[Blog](../blog)

[Multisig vs MPC](https://squads.so/blog/mpc-wallets-risks-vs-multisig)

Company

[About](../about)

[Brand assets](../brand-assets)

[Twitter](https://twitter.com/squadsprotocol)

[Discord](https://discord.com/invite/YPXz64TrKs)

[Farcaster](https://warpcast.com/squads)

Legal

[Terms of Service](../legal/terms-of-service)

[Privacy Policy](../legal/privacy-policy)

[Contact us](https://discord.com/invite/YPXz64TrKs)

