Metaco.com will be sunset as of June 7, 2024

[Learn more](https://ripple.com/solutions/digital-asset-custody/ "Learn more")

Skip to main content

[![Metaco](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/logo.svg?x88149)![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/logo-w.svg?x88149)](https://www.metaco.com)

  * Solutions __

__Solutions

Solutions

    * [__Global Custodians Build tomorrow's market infrastructure ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/global-custodians-top-tier-banks/)
    * [__Universal Banks Satisfy demand for new asset classes ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/universal-banks/)
    * [__Neobanks & FintechsFind new routes to monetization ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/neobanks-fintechs/)
    * [__Regulated Exchanges Grow volumes and profit margins ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/regulated-exchanges/)
    * [__Corporates Boost customer loyalty and engagement ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/corporates/)

  * Platform __

__Platform

Platform

Deploy ambitious digital asset use cases with the most secure and versatile
infrastructure.

    * [__Harmonize™ Platform Overview Issue, store, trade, transfer, settle and service any type of digital asset. ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/harmonize/)
    * [__Custody Hot, warm and institutional cold storage ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/custody/)
    * [__Trading Powerful order execution, funding and settlement ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/trading/)
    * [__Web3 Web3 Portal spanning NFTs, DeFi and DApps ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/web3/)
    * [__Governance Entirely customizable risk and compliance controls ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/governance/)
    * [__Orchestration A single source of truth for managing all digital assets ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/orchestration/)
    * [__Tokenization Asset-agnostic smart contract management framework ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/tokenization/)
    * [__Integration Fully integrable platform following enterprise standards ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/integration/)
    * [__Security Highest protection against insider and external threats ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/security/)

  * Company __

__Company

Company

    * [__About](https://www.metaco.com/company/about/)
    * [__Media & news](https://www.metaco.com/company/media-coverage-press-releases/)
    * [__Careers](https://www.metaco.com/careers/)

  * Resources __

__Resources

Resources

    * [__Talks](https://www.metaco.com/resources/talks/)
    * [__Webinars](https://www.metaco.com/resources/webinars/)
    * [__Case studies](https://www.metaco.com/resources/case-studies/)
    * [__Reports](https://www.metaco.com/resources/reports/)
    * [__Blog](https://www.metaco.com/resources/blog/)

[Contact](https://www.metaco.com/contact/ "Contact")

[Blog](https://www.metaco.com/category/blog/)

# What is Ethereum 2.0?

  * __ November 25, 2020
  *  __6 min

Share

  * [ __](https://www.linkedin.com/sharing/share-offsite/?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.metaco.com%2Fblog%2Fwhat-is-ethereum-2-0%2F)
  * [__](https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Metaco+https%3A%2F%2Fwww.metaco.com%2Fblog%2Fwhat-is-ethereum-2-0%2F+via+%40metaco_sa)

Ethereum 2.0, also known as Eth2 or “Serenity”, is the planned upgrade to the
Ethereum network that aims to make the blockchain more scalable, secure, and
sustainable. The upgrade is planned to be implemented in three phases:

  * Phase 0: The Beacon Chain (Launch date: December 1, 2020)
  * Phase 1: Shard chains (Estimate: 2021)
  * Phase 2: The docking (Estimate: 2022)

### Ethereum 2.0: Scalabilty

Currently, the Ethereum network has a limit of 15-45 transactions per second
which is not enough for all the Dapps on the blockchain. After the Shard
chains are introduced in Phase 1, the network load will be spread across 64
new chains reducing congestion and improving transaction speed to potentially
thousands of transactions per second.

Furthermore, because there will be more chains, the validators, the
maintainers of the network, will be responsible only for their respective
shard, and therefore the nodes will be more lightweight, allowing Ethereum to
scale better and remain decentralized.

### Ethereum 2.0: Security

One of the main changes for Ethereum 2.0 is the transition from proof-of-work
to proof-of-stake. This means that the validators that secure the network will
have to stake significant amounts of ETH onto the protocol and in the case of
network attack, they can lose their entire stake. This cannot be achieved with
the current proof-of-work consensus mechanism.

With the introduction of the Beacon Chain and the Shard Chains, the validators
will be randomly assigned to different shards, making it virtually impossible
for validators to collude by attacking a specific shard.

Finally, because the proof-of-stake will allow to keep the nodes lightweight,
more people will be able to become validators, increasing the network’s
decentralization and decreasing the attack surface area.

### Ethereum 2.0: Sustainability

Many proof-of-work blockchains are very energy intensive because of mining.
With the move from proof-of-work to proof-of-stake, Ethereum will be secured
by ETH rather than computing power – via staking and proof-of-stake, and thus
drastically increase its energy efficiency.

#### Phase 0: The Beacon Chain

_Launch date: December 1, 2020_

The newly launched Beacon Chain is the first step towards a complete shift of
the Ethereum network. It will store and manage the registry of validators as
well as deploying the proof-of-stake consensus mechanism for Ethereum 2.0. The
original Ethereum proof-of-work chain will run alongside this so there is no
break in data continuity. The regular Ethereum transactions will continue to
work as usual, no disruption is expected.

#### Phase 1: Shard Chains

_Estimate: 2021_

Shard chains will be the second major Ethereum 2.0 upgrade. These chains will
increase the capacity of the network and improve transaction speed by
extending the network to 64 blockchains. The Beacon Chain, Phase 0 of Ethereum
2.0, is an important first step in introducing shard chains, because they
require staking to work securely.

Eventually the Beacon Chain will also be responsible for randomly assigning
stakers to validate shard chains. This is key to making it difficult for
stakers to collude and initiate a hostile takeover of a shard, with a less
than 1 in a trillion chance of doing so.

#### Phase 2: The Docking

_Estimate: 2022_

The Beacon Chain, at first, will exist separately to the Ethereum mainnet we
use today. But eventually they will be connected. The plan is to “dock” the
Ethereum mainnet onto the proof-of-stake system that is controlled and
coordinated by the Beacon Chain.

### What is staking?

In broad terms, staking is the act of locking native network currency on a
network in order to support the security and operations of a blockchain
network. To activate validator software on Ethereum 2.0, one must stake 32ETH
on the network. As a validator, one will be responsible for storing data,
processing transactions, and adding new blocks to the blockchain. This will
keep Ethereum secure for everyone and allow the validators to earn ETH in the
process.

#### Rewards

Rewards are given for actions that help the network reach consensus. The
validators will get rewards for batching transactions into a new block or
checking the work of other validators because that’s what keeps the chain
running securely. The size of the rewards will be inversely related to the
number of validators in the system. The estimated yield, depending on how many
stakers join the network, is 8%-15%.

![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/12/What-is-
Ethereum-2.0-and-staking.png?x88149)

#### Risks

Although the validators can earn rewards for doing work that benefits the
network, they can also lose ETH for malicious actions, going offline, and
failing to validate. Furthermore, the staked ETH will be locked up, and
therefore illiquid, for an indefinite period.

#### Requirements

One will need 32ETH in order to become a full validator, or alternatively
stake a smaller amount of ETH as part of a staking pool. They will also need
to run a Beacon node and one or more validator clients.

### How can you become a validator and earn rewards?

  * There are three ways to become a validator: Deposit 32 ETH and run your own node – this option in theory will bring the highest rewards to the validators, however it requires having both the proper infrastructure and technical expertise.
  * Use a third party staking provider – there are a number of third party service providers that offer delegated staking. They can ensure the proper running of the nodes and reduce the risk for their clients. In return, they will typically charge a percentage of the rewards earned by their clients.
  * Participate in a pool – in case you don’t have 32ETH, but would like to earn rewards as a validator, there is an option of joining staking pools that aggregate smaller amounts of ETH.

![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/footer.png?x88149)

## **Explore** more

  * ![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/02/ripple-metaco-logo-globe-1-640x638.png?x88149)

[Blog](https://www.metaco.com/category/blog/)

February 29, 2024### [Building for the Digital Asset Future with
Ripple](https://www.metaco.com/blog/building-digital-asset-future-with-ripple/
"Building for the Digital Asset Future with Ripple")

  * ![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/02/blog-1200-640x335.jpg?x88149)

[Blog](https://www.metaco.com/category/blog/)

February 16, 2024### [Preparing for a paradigm shift in financial
services](https://www.metaco.com/blog/paradigm-shift-rajeev-tummala-hsbc/
"Preparing for a paradigm shift in financial services")

  * ![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/01/blog-banner.jpg?x88149)

[Blog](https://www.metaco.com/category/blog/)

January 25, 2024### [UAE as a thriving digital assets’ hub: progressive
regulation spurs innovation](https://www.metaco.com/blog/uae-as-a-thriving-
digital-assets-hub-progressive-regulation-spurs-innovation/ "UAE as a thriving
digital assets’ hub: progressive regulation spurs innovation")

[![Metaco](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/logo-w.svg?x88149)](https://www.metaco.com)

  * [Solutions](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/)
    * [Global Custodians](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/global-custodians-top-tier-banks/)
    * [Universal Banks](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/universal-banks/)
    * [Neobanks & Fintechs](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/neobanks-fintechs/)
    * [Regulated Exchanges](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/regulated-exchanges/)
    * [Corporates](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/corporates/)
  * [Platform](https://www.metaco.com/platform/)
    * [Harmonize™](https://www.metaco.com/platform/harmonize/)
    * [Custody](https://www.metaco.com/platform/custody/)
    * [Trading](https://www.metaco.com/platform/trading/)
    * [Web3](https://www.metaco.com/platform/web3/)
    * [Governance](https://www.metaco.com/platform/governance/)
    * [Orchestration](https://www.metaco.com/platform/orchestration/)
    * [Tokenization](https://www.metaco.com/platform/tokenization/)
    * [Integration](https://www.metaco.com/platform/integration/)
    * [Security](https://www.metaco.com/platform/security/)
  * [Company](https://www.metaco.com/company/media-coverage-press-releases/)
    * [About](https://www.metaco.com/company/about/)
    * [Media & news](https://www.metaco.com/company/media-coverage-press-releases/)
    * [Jobs](https://www.metaco.com/jobs/)
  * [Resources](https://www.metaco.com/resources/)
    * [Talks](https://www.metaco.com/resources/talks/)
    * [Webinars](https://www.metaco.com/resources/webinars/)
    * [Case studies](https://www.metaco.com/resources/case-studies/)
    * [Reports](https://www.metaco.com/resources/reports/)
    * [Blog](https://www.metaco.com/resources/blog/)

![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/10/sco2.png?x88149)![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/10/iso27001.png?x88149)

  * [__](https://www.twitter.com/metaco_sa "Twitter: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")
  * [__](https://www.linkedin.com/company/metaco-ag/ "Linkedin: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")
  * [__](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC4MLOKnJD9bXfHVXMnHM7ow "Youtube: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")
  * [__](https://open.spotify.com/show/0IiI7iftR3F3RqinfJbpRT "Spotify: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")

© 2015-2024 - Metaco SA - All Rights Reserved |[ Terms & Conditions](https://www.metaco.com/terms-conditions/) | [Privacy Policy](https://www.metaco.com/privacy-policy/) | [Cookie policy](https://www.metaco.com/cookie-policy/)

