Skip to main content

[](/en/)

  * Learn
  * Use
  * Build
  * Participate
  * Research

Search```K`

Languages EN

Change page

[Overview](/en/developers/docs/)

Foundational topics

[Intro to Ethereum](/en/developers/docs/intro-to-ethereum/)

[Intro to Ether](/en/developers/docs/intro-to-ether/)

[Intro to dapps](/en/developers/docs/dapps/)

[Web2 vs Web3](/en/developers/docs/web2-vs-web3/)

[Accounts](/en/developers/docs/accounts/)

[Transactions](/en/developers/docs/transactions/)

[Blocks](/en/developers/docs/blocks/)

[Ethereum virtual machine (EVM)](/en/developers/docs/evm/)

[Opcodes](/en/developers/docs/evm/opcodes/)

[Gas](/en/developers/docs/gas/)

[Nodes and clients](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/)

[Run a node](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/run-a-node/)

[Client diversity](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/client-diversity/)

[Nodes as a service](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/nodes-as-a-
service/)

[Node architecture](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/node-architecture/)

[Light clients](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/light-clients/)

[Archive nodes](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/archive-nodes/)

[Bootnodes](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/bootnodes/)

[Networks](/en/developers/docs/networks/)

[Consensus mechanisms](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/)

[Proof-of-work](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pow/)

[Mining](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pow/mining/)

[Mining algorithms](/en/developers/docs/consensus-
mechanisms/pow/mining/mining-algorithms/)

[Dagger-Hashimoto](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pow/mining/mining-
algorithms/dagger-hashimoto/)

[Ethash](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pow/mining/mining-
algorithms/ethash/)

[Proof-of-stake](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/)

[Gasper](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/gasper/)

[Weak subjectivity](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/weak-
subjectivity/)

[Attestations](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/attestations/)

[PoS rewards and penalties](/en/developers/docs/consensus-
mechanisms/pos/rewards-and-penalties/)

[PoS attack and defense](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/attack-
and-defense/)

[Keys](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/keys/)

[Proof-of-stake versus proof-of-work](/en/developers/docs/consensus-
mechanisms/pos/pos-vs-pow/)

[Block proposal](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/block-proposal/)

[Proof-of-stake FAQs](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/faqs/)

[Proof-of-authority](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/poa/)

Ethereum stack

[Intro to the stack](/en/developers/docs/ethereum-stack/)

[Smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/)

[Smart contract languages](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/languages/)

[Smart contract anatomy](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/anatomy/)

[Smart contracts libraries](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/libraries/)

[Testing smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/testing/)

[Compiling smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/compiling/)

[Deploying smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/deploying/)

[Verifying smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/verifying/)

[Upgrading smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/upgrading/)

[Smart contract security](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/security/)

[Smart contract formal verification](/en/developers/docs/smart-
contracts/formal-verification/)

[Composability](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/composability/)

[Development networks](/en/developers/docs/development-networks/)

[Development frameworks](/en/developers/docs/frameworks/)

Ethereum client APIs

[JavaScript APIs](/en/developers/docs/apis/javascript/)

[Backend APIs](/en/developers/docs/apis/backend/)

[JSON-RPC](/en/developers/docs/apis/json-rpc/)

[Data and analytics](/en/developers/docs/data-and-analytics/)

[Block explorers](/en/developers/docs/data-and-analytics/block-explorers/)

[Storage](/en/developers/docs/storage/)

[Integrated Development Environments (IDEs)](/en/developers/docs/ides/)

[Programming languages](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/)

[Dart](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/dart/)

[Delphi](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/delphi/)

[.NET](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/dot-net/)

[Golang](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/golang/)

[Java](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/java/)

[JavaScript](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/javascript/)

[Python](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/python/)

[Ruby](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/ruby/)

[Rust](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/rust/)

Advanced

[Bridges](/en/developers/docs/bridges/)

[Standards](/en/developers/docs/standards/)

[Token standards](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/)

[ERC-20: Fungible Tokens](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/erc-20/)

[ERC-721: NFTs](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/erc-721/)

[ERC-777](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/erc-777/)

[ERC-1155](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/erc-1155/)

[ERC-4626](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/erc-4626/)

[Maximal extractable value (MEV)](/en/developers/docs/mev/)

[Oracles](/en/developers/docs/oracles/)

[Scaling](/en/developers/docs/scaling/)

[Optimistic rollups](/en/developers/docs/scaling/optimistic-rollups/)

[Zero-knowledge rollups](/en/developers/docs/scaling/zk-rollups/)

[State channels](/en/developers/docs/scaling/state-channels/)

[Sidechains](/en/developers/docs/scaling/sidechains/)

[Plasma](/en/developers/docs/scaling/plasma/)

[Validium](/en/developers/docs/scaling/validium/)

[Data availability](/en/developers/docs/data-availability/)

[Networking layer](/en/developers/docs/networking-layer/)

[Network addresses](/en/developers/docs/networking-layer/network-addresses/)

[Portal Network](/en/developers/docs/networking-layer/portal-network/)

[Data structures and encoding](/en/developers/docs/data-structures-and-
encoding/)

[Patricia Merkle Trie](/en/developers/docs/data-structures-and-
encoding/patricia-merkle-trie/)

[Recursive-length prefix (RLP)](/en/developers/docs/data-structures-and-
encoding/rlp/)

[Simple serialize (SSZ)](/en/developers/docs/data-structures-and-
encoding/ssz/)

[Web3 secret storage definition](/en/developers/docs/data-structures-and-
encoding/web3-secret-storage/)

Design fundamentals

[Intro to design and UX](/en/developers/docs/design-and-ux/)

# Intro to ether

s

Last edit: [@somethingstup(opens in a new
tab)](https://github.com/somethingstup), May 17, 2024

See contributors

On this page

  * Prerequisites
  * What is a cryptocurrency?
  * What is ether?
  * Minting ether
  * Burning ether
  * Denominations of ether
  * Transferring ether
  * Querying ether
  * Further reading

## Prerequisites

To help you better understand this page, we recommend you first read
[Introduction to Ethereum](/en/developers/docs/intro-to-ethereum/).

## What is a cryptocurrency?

A cryptocurrency is a medium of exchange secured by a blockchain-based ledger.

A medium of exchange is anything widely accepted as payment for goods and
services, and a ledger is a data store that keeps track of transactions.
Blockchain technology allows users to make transactions on the ledger without
reliance upon a trusted third party to maintain the ledger.

The first cryptocurrency was Bitcoin, created by Satoshi Nakamoto. Since
Bitcoin's release in 2009, people have made thousands of cryptocurrencies
across many different blockchains.

## What is ether?

**Ether (ETH)** is the cryptocurrency used for many things on the Ethereum
network. Fundamentally, it is the only acceptable form of payment for
transaction fees, and after [The Merge](/en/roadmap/merge/), ether is required
to validate and propose blocks on Mainnet. Ether is also used as a primary
form of collateral in the [DeFi](/en/defi/) lending markets, as a unit of
account in NFT marketplaces, as payment earned for performing services or
selling real-world goods, and more.

Ethereum allows developers to create [**decentralized applications
(dapps)**](/en/developers/docs/dapps/), which all share a pool of computing
power. This shared pool is finite, so Ethereum needs a mechanism to determine
who gets to use it. Otherwise, a dapp could accidentally or maliciously
consume all network resources, which would block others from accessing it.

The ether cryptocurrency supports a pricing mechanism for Ethereum's computing
power. When users want to make a transaction, they must pay ether to have
their transaction recognized on the blockchain. These usage costs are known as
[gas fees](/en/developers/docs/gas/), and the gas fee depends on the amount of
computing power required to execute the transaction and the network-wide
demand for computing power at the time.

Therefore, even if a malicious dapp submitted an infinite loop, the
transaction would eventually run out of ether and terminate, allowing the
network to return to normal.

It is [common(opens in a new tab)](https://www.reuters.com/article/us-crypto-
currencies-lending-insight-idUSKBN25M0GP#:~:text=price%20of%20ethereum)
[to(opens in a new tab)](https://abcnews.go.com/Business/bitcoin-slumps-week-
low-amid-renewed-worries-
chinese/story?id=78399845#:~:text=cryptocurrencies%20including%20ethereum)
[conflate(opens in a new tab)](https://www.cnn.com/2021/03/14/tech/nft-art-
buying/index.html#:~:text=price%20of%20ethereum) Ethereum and ether â€” when
people reference the "price of Ethereum," they are describing the price of
ether.

## Minting ether

Minting is the process in which new ether gets created on the Ethereum ledger.
The underlying Ethereum protocol creates the new ether, and it is not possible
for a user to create ether.

Ether is minted as a reward for each block proposed and at every epoch
checkpoint for other validator activity related to reaching consensus. The
total amount issued depends on the number of validators and how much ether
they have staked. This total issuance is divided equally among validators in
the ideal case that all validators are honest and online, but in reality, it
varies based on validator performance. About 1/8 of the total issuance goes to
the block proposer; the remainder is distributed across the other validators.
Block proposers also receive tips from transaction fees and MEV-related
income, but these come from recycled ether, not new issuance.

## Burning ether

As well as creating ether through block rewards, ether can be destroyed
through a process called 'burning'. When ether gets burned, it gets removed
from circulation permanently.

Ether burn occurs in every transaction on Ethereum. When users pay for their
transactions, a base gas fee, set by the network according to transactional
demand, gets destroyed. This, coupled with variable block sizes and a maximum
gas fee, simplifies transaction fee estimation on Ethereum. When network
demand is high, [blocks(opens in a new
tab)](https://etherscan.io/block/12965263) can burn more ether than they mint,
effectively offsetting ether issuance.

Burning the base fee hinders a block producer's ability to manipulate
transactions. For example, if block producers received the base fee, they
could include their own transactions for free and raise the base fee for
everyone else. Alternatively, they could refund the base fee to some users
off-chain, leading to a more opaque and complex transaction fee market.

## Denominations of ether

Since the value of many transactions on Ethereum are small, ether has several
denominations which may be referenced as smaller units of account. Of these
denominations, Wei and gwei are particularly important.

Wei is the smallest possible amount of ether, and as a result, many technical
implementations, such as the [Ethereum Yellowpaper(opens in a new
tab)](https://ethereum.github.io/yellowpaper/paper.pdf), will base all
calculations in Wei.

Gwei, short for giga-wei, is often used to describe gas costs on Ethereum.

Denomination| Value in ether| Common Usage  
---|---|---  
Wei| 10-18| Technical implementations  
Gwei| 10-9| Human-readable gas fees  
  
## Transferring ether

Each transaction on Ethereum contains a `value` field, which specifies the
amount of ether to be transferred, denominated in wei, to send from the
sender's address to the recipient address.

When the recipient address is a [smart contract](/en/developers/docs/smart-
contracts/), this transferred ether may be used to pay for gas when the smart
contract executes its code.

[More on transactions](/en/developers/docs/transactions/)

## Querying ether

Users can query the ether balance of any
[account](/en/developers/docs/accounts/) by inspecting the account's `balance`
field, which shows ether holdings denominated in wei.

[Etherscan(opens in a new tab)](https://etherscan.io) is a popular tool to
inspect address balances via a web-based application. For example, [this
Etherscan page(opens in a new
tab)](https://etherscan.io/address/0xde0b295669a9fd93d5f28d9ec85e40f4cb697bae)
shows the balance for the Ethereum Foundation. Account balances can also be
queried using wallets or directly by making requests to nodes.

## Further reading

  * [Defining Ether and Ethereum(opens in a new tab)](https://www.cmegroup.com/education/courses/introduction-to-ether/defining-ether-and-ethereum.html) â€“ _CME Group_
  * [Ethereum Whitepaper](/en/whitepaper/): The original proposal for Ethereum. This document includes a description of ether and the motivations behind its creation.
  * [Gwei Calculator(opens in a new tab)](https://www.alchemy.com/gwei-calculator): Use this gwei calculator to easily convert wei, gwei, and ether. Simply plug in any amount of wei, gwei, or ETH and automatically calculate the conversion.

_Know of a community resource that helped you? Edit this page and add it!_

back-to-top â†‘

### Was this article helpful?

YesNo

![ðŸ‘ˆ](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f448.svg)

Previous

[Intro to Ethereum](/en/developers/docs/intro-to-ethereum/)

![ðŸ‘‰](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f449.svg)

Next

[Intro to dapps](/en/developers/docs/dapps/)

  * [Edit page(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/ethereum/ethereum-org-website/tree/dev/public/content/developers/docs/intro-to-ether/index.md)
  * On this page

    * Prerequisites
    * What is a cryptocurrency?
    * What is ether?
    * Minting ether
    * Burning ether
    * Denominations of ether
    * Transferring ether
    * Querying ether
    * Further reading

Website last updated: May 22, 2024

[(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/ethereum/ethereum-org-
website)[(opens in a new tab)](https://twitter.com/ethdotorg)[(opens in a new
tab)](https://discord.gg/ethereum-org)

### Learn

  * [Learn Hub](/en/learn/)
  * [What is Ethereum?](/en/what-is-ethereum/)
  * [What is ether (ETH)?](/en/eth/)
  * [Ethereum wallets](/en/wallets/)
  * [What is Web3?](/en/web3/)
  * [Smart contracts](/en/smart-contracts/)
  * [Gas fees](/en/gas/)
  * [Run a node](/en/run-a-node/)
  * [Ethereum security and scam prevention](/en/security/)
  * [Quiz Hub](/en/quizzes/)
  * [Ethereum glossary](/en/glossary/)

### Use

  * [Guides](/en/guides/)
  * [Choose your wallet](/en/wallets/find-wallet/)
  * [Get ETH](/en/get-eth/)
  * [Dapps - Decentralized applications](/en/dapps/)
  * [Stablecoins](/en/stablecoins/)
  * [NFTs - Non-fungible tokens](/en/nft/)
  * [DeFi - Decentralized finance](/en/defi/)
  * [DAOs - Decentralized autonomous organizations](/en/dao/)
  * [Decentralized identity](/en/decentralized-identity/)
  * [Stake ETH](/en/staking/)
  * [Layer 2](/en/layer-2/)

### Build

  * [Builder's home](/en/developers/)
  * [Tutorials](/en/developers/tutorials/)
  * [Documentation](/en/developers/docs/)
  * [Learn by coding](/en/developers/learning-tools/)
  * [Set up local environment](/en/developers/local-environment/)
  * [Grants](/en/community/grants/)
  * [Foundational topics](/en/developers/docs/intro-to-ethereum/)
  * [UX/UI design fundamentals](/en/developers/docs/design-and-ux/)
  * [Enterprise - Mainnet Ethereum](/en/enterprise/)
  * [Enterprise - Private Ethereum](/en/enterprise/private-ethereum/)

### Participate

  * [Community hub](/en/community/)
  * [Online communities](/en/community/online/)
  * [Ethereum events](/en/community/events/)
  * [Contributing to ethereum.org](/en/contributing/)
  * [Translation Program](/en/contributing/translation-program/)
  * [Ethereum bug bounty program](/en/bug-bounty/)
  * [Ethereum Foundation](/en/foundation/)
  * [Ethereum Foundation Blog(opens in a new tab)](https://blog.ethereum.org/)
  * [Ecosystem Support Program(opens in a new tab)](https://esp.ethereum.foundation)
  * [Devcon(opens in a new tab)](https://devcon.org/)

### Research

  * [Ethereum Whitepaper](/en/whitepaper/)
  * [Ethereum roadmap](/en/roadmap/)
  * [Improved security](/en/roadmap/security/)
  * [Technical history of Ethereum](/en/history/)
  * [Open research](/en/community/research/)
  * [Ethereum Improvement Proposals](/en/eips/)
  * [Ethereum governance](/en/governance/)

  * [About us](/en/about/)
  * [Ethereum brand assets](/en/assets/)
  * [Code of conduct](/en/community/code-of-conduct/)
  * [Jobs](/en/about/#open-jobs)
  * [Privacy policy](/en/privacy-policy/)
  * [Terms of use](/en/terms-of-use/)
  * [Cookie policy](/en/cookie-policy/)
  * [Press Contact(opens in a new tab)](mailto:press@ethereum.org)

Is this page helpful?

