Metaco.com will be sunset as of June 7, 2024

[Learn more](https://ripple.com/solutions/digital-asset-custody/ "Learn more")

Skip to main content

[![Metaco](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/logo.svg?x88149)![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/logo-w.svg?x88149)](https://www.metaco.com)

  * Solutions __

__Solutions

Solutions

    * [__Global Custodians Build tomorrow's market infrastructure ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/global-custodians-top-tier-banks/)
    * [__Universal Banks Satisfy demand for new asset classes ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/universal-banks/)
    * [__Neobanks & FintechsFind new routes to monetization ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/neobanks-fintechs/)
    * [__Regulated Exchanges Grow volumes and profit margins ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/regulated-exchanges/)
    * [__Corporates Boost customer loyalty and engagement ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/corporates/)

  * Platform __

__Platform

Platform

Deploy ambitious digital asset use cases with the most secure and versatile
infrastructure.

    * [__Harmonize™ Platform Overview Issue, store, trade, transfer, settle and service any type of digital asset. ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/harmonize/)
    * [__Custody Hot, warm and institutional cold storage ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/custody/)
    * [__Trading Powerful order execution, funding and settlement ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/trading/)
    * [__Web3 Web3 Portal spanning NFTs, DeFi and DApps ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/web3/)
    * [__Governance Entirely customizable risk and compliance controls ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/governance/)
    * [__Orchestration A single source of truth for managing all digital assets ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/orchestration/)
    * [__Tokenization Asset-agnostic smart contract management framework ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/tokenization/)
    * [__Integration Fully integrable platform following enterprise standards ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/integration/)
    * [__Security Highest protection against insider and external threats ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/security/)

  * Company __

__Company

Company

    * [__About](https://www.metaco.com/company/about/)
    * [__Media & news](https://www.metaco.com/company/media-coverage-press-releases/)
    * [__Careers](https://www.metaco.com/careers/)

  * Resources __

__Resources

Resources

    * [__Talks](https://www.metaco.com/resources/talks/)
    * [__Webinars](https://www.metaco.com/resources/webinars/)
    * [__Case studies](https://www.metaco.com/resources/case-studies/)
    * [__Reports](https://www.metaco.com/resources/reports/)
    * [__Blog](https://www.metaco.com/resources/blog/)

[Contact](https://www.metaco.com/contact/ "Contact")

On-demand webinar

# Navigating the Legal Terrain around **Staking Services in Switzerland**

With Proof of Stake (PoS) blockchains gaining market share, the legal
treatment of staking services and the rewards earned with staking
internationally is now in the spotlight. Admittedly, understanding such new
technologies and its implications is complex. In this on-demand webinar, we
talk about the mechanism of staking with a focus on Ethereum and, in more
detail, discuss legal and regulatory considerations around staking services.

Access webinarLearn more about the guests

Previous

  * ![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/11/ricardo-schlatter.png?x88149)Ricardo SchlatterAllegra Law

  * ![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/11/sara-necmiye-balci.png?x88149)Sara Necmiye BalciAllegra Law

  * ![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/11/marcel-hostettler.png?x88149)Marcel HostettlerAllegra Law

  * ![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/03/katrin-koller-2.png?x88149)Katrin KollerMetaco

Next

## Date

**On-demand webinar recorded on 30th of November 2023.**

In this Metaco Webinar, hosted in partnership with [Allegra
Law](https://www.allegra.law/en/), a leading Swiss law firm with an
international background and focus, we deep-dive into the opportunities of
staking services within the Swiss market and beyond, and explore the
challenges and the particularities around legal, regulatory and technological
aspects.

## Topics discussed

  * Overview on how staking works technically
  * Custody-related considerations for staking
  * What staking providers need to do and know

Please allow cookies from Pardot to display this form.

Allow cookies

  * ![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/11/ricardo-schlatter.png?x88149)

Speaker

Ricardo has 10+ years experience as a financial markets and corporate lawyer
advising clients on regulatory implementation projects, digital assets
transformation and corporate restructurings. Before joining Allegra LAW at the
beginning of 2023, he was head legal of a Swiss crypto services provider, had
a leading position with the Swiss stock exchange and was senior manager of a
big4 company.

![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/11/untitled-
design-48.png?x88149)

Ricardo Schlatter

Senior Associate at Allegra Law

Register your attendance to the webinar

  * ![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/11/sara-necmiye-balci.png?x88149)

Speaker

Sara is an experienced financial market lawyer with a wealth of experience in
Structured Products, Digital Assets, and Capital Market regulation. Over the
years, she has held prominent positions with major Swiss banks, demonstrating
her expertise in navigating the intricacies of the financial industry.
Currently, Sara is a key member of the Allegra LAW team in Switzerland, where
she extends her legal acumen to advising corporate clients on an international
scale.

![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/11/untitled-
design-48.png?x88149)

Sara Balci

Senior Associate at Allegra Law

Register your attendance to the webinar

  * ![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/11/marcel-hostettler.png?x88149)

Speaker

Marcel is one of the leading experts for financial market regulation in
Switzerland. He is managing partner of Allegra LAW, a Swiss law firm
specialized in Digital Asset and Crypto regulation. The boutique law firm is
specialized in financial market law and international M&A advisory and
provides legal advice not only in Swiss matters, but supports clients in US
and German legal topics. Previously, he held leading positions with the Swiss
regulator (FINMA) and with UBS. Furthermore, Marcel is a member of the
Regulatory Board of the Swiss stock exchange (SIX).

![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/11/untitled-
design-48.png?x88149)

Marcel Hostettler

Managing Partner at Allegra Law

Register your attendance to the webinar

  * ![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/11/katrin-koller-3.png?x88149)

Speaker

Katrin is a product director at Metaco and leads the product strategy for
Metaco’s digital asset custody platform. Katrin joined Metaco in February
after having led the Digital Assets, Tokenization & CBDCs practice at
Accenture DACH. Katrin also serves as a member of the DLT Working Group at
ISSA – Intl Securities Services Association and as a guest lecturer with the
CAS Blockchain & Finance at HEG Geneva.

![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/01/10.png?x88149)

Katrin Koller

Product Director at Metaco

Register your attendance to the webinar

![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/footer.png?x88149)

## **Explore** more

  * ![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/03/18-cryptos-in-banking_-what-does-it-take-to-build-a-secure-and-resilient-digital-asset-management-platform_-640x379.png?x88149)

[Webinar](https://www.metaco.com/category/webinar/)

April 28, 2023

### [Tokenized bond issuance with d-fine and Metaco
Harmonize™](https://www.metaco.com/webinar/tokenized-securities-german-market-
epwg-dfine/ "Tokenized bond issuance with d-fine and Metaco Harmonize™")

  * ![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/01/16-information-security-and-digital-assets_-priorities-and-challenges-640x379.png?x88149)

[Webinar](https://www.metaco.com/category/webinar/)

January 17, 2023### [Best practices around security, governance and
compliance](https://www.metaco.com/webinar/best-practices-security-governance-
compliance/ "Best practices around security, governance and compliance")

  * ![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/11/webinar_background-640x371.png?x88149)

[Webinar](https://www.metaco.com/category/webinar/)

November 18, 2022### [Digital Asset Use Cases for
Banks](https://www.metaco.com/webinar/digital-assets-use-cases-banking-
custody/ "Digital Asset Use Cases for Banks")

[![Metaco](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/logo-w.svg?x88149)](https://www.metaco.com)

  * [Solutions](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/)
    * [Global Custodians](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/global-custodians-top-tier-banks/)
    * [Universal Banks](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/universal-banks/)
    * [Neobanks & Fintechs](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/neobanks-fintechs/)
    * [Regulated Exchanges](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/regulated-exchanges/)
    * [Corporates](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/corporates/)
  * [Platform](https://www.metaco.com/platform/)
    * [Harmonize™](https://www.metaco.com/platform/harmonize/)
    * [Custody](https://www.metaco.com/platform/custody/)
    * [Trading](https://www.metaco.com/platform/trading/)
    * [Web3](https://www.metaco.com/platform/web3/)
    * [Governance](https://www.metaco.com/platform/governance/)
    * [Orchestration](https://www.metaco.com/platform/orchestration/)
    * [Tokenization](https://www.metaco.com/platform/tokenization/)
    * [Integration](https://www.metaco.com/platform/integration/)
    * [Security](https://www.metaco.com/platform/security/)
  * [Company](https://www.metaco.com/company/media-coverage-press-releases/)
    * [About](https://www.metaco.com/company/about/)
    * [Media & news](https://www.metaco.com/company/media-coverage-press-releases/)
    * [Jobs](https://www.metaco.com/jobs/)
  * [Resources](https://www.metaco.com/resources/)
    * [Talks](https://www.metaco.com/resources/talks/)
    * [Webinars](https://www.metaco.com/resources/webinars/)
    * [Case studies](https://www.metaco.com/resources/case-studies/)
    * [Reports](https://www.metaco.com/resources/reports/)
    * [Blog](https://www.metaco.com/resources/blog/)

![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/10/sco2.png?x88149)![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/10/iso27001.png?x88149)

  * [__](https://www.twitter.com/metaco_sa "Twitter: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")
  * [__](https://www.linkedin.com/company/metaco-ag/ "Linkedin: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")
  * [__](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC4MLOKnJD9bXfHVXMnHM7ow "Youtube: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")
  * [__](https://open.spotify.com/show/0IiI7iftR3F3RqinfJbpRT "Spotify: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")

© 2015-2024 - Metaco SA - All Rights Reserved |[ Terms & Conditions](https://www.metaco.com/terms-conditions/) | [Privacy Policy](https://www.metaco.com/privacy-policy/) | [Cookie policy](https://www.metaco.com/cookie-policy/)

