![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/agOAPaLhp1pUWGATfZJOnE82YU.jpg)

# Code Announces $6.5 Million Seed Round to Accelerate the Growth of a New
Global Payments Platform

Published February 6, 2024

Today weâre excited to share that Code has raised $6.5 million in a seed
round financing from top venture firms M13 and Union Square Ventures, as well
as participation from Balaji Srinivasan, Roham Gharegozlou, Anatoly Yakovenko,
Raj Gokal, Mert Mumtaz, and others to help accelerate the growth of our new
global payments platform.

## Background

Code was founded by Ted Livingston who is the founder and former CEO of Kik,
one of the most popular chat apps in the world with over 100 million users. It
was while building Kik that it became obvious to us that the world needed a
new payments platform.

People all over the world are connecting online to share ideas, create
content, and grow communities, but only a small fraction are getting paid for
their contributions. Thatâs not because there isnât value in these
contributions. Itâs because existing payments platforms canât support
payments of less than a dollar.

But what if we could empower anyone in the world to charge as little as $0.05
for anything they create online? That would enable a writer in Nebraska to
charge $0.25 for one of their blog posts, or a fitness instructor in Brazil to
charge $0.75 for one of their workouts, or a teenager in Kenya to charge $0.50
for an AI generated image, and get paid from anyone in the world.

Thatâs the platform weâve built with Code.

For decades this has seemed impossible because of technical and business model
constraints, but with the emergence of performant, low-cost self-custodial
blockchain technology we can now deliver a seamless payments experience for
everyone around the world. Now, for the first time ever, we can unlock the
earning potential of online creators who have been left out. We believe that
is powerful.

An early version of Code was launched in 2023 out of a not-for-profit
organization funded by proceeds from the sale of Kik Messenger. This early
version received strong feedback for its compelling user experience,
sophisticated technical infrastructure, and elegant developer tools.

Consistent with its mission to drive global financial inclusion and a desire
to accelerate the future of payments, the not-for-profit organization open
sourced all of its work in November of 2023. The Code team then formed a new
company to build this next generation payments platform while continuing to
make contributions to the open source codebase.

## What's Next

We believe the timing could not be better. There is more creative output
around the world than ever before. The missing piece to unlock the true
potential of the online economy has been a payments platform like Code.

Weâve laid the foundation with a proven product built by a seasoned team.
This investment from some of the top investors and entrepreneurs in the world
now gives us the resources and strategic partnerships to accelerate the growth
of this new payments platform.

This is the future of payments the world has been waiting for. If you want to
see and feel the experience for yourself go to
[getcode.com](https://getcode.com/).

[![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/dnRZthXJm9VW4tQ7b8xBO60WI.png)](../)

[Developer](../#developer)[Download](../#download-1)

Â© Code Inc. 2024

[Blog](./seed-round)

[Security Policy](../security)

[Privacy Policy](../privacy)

[Terms of Service](../terms)

