Contact us

Thank you

Your submission has been received. We will reach out to you soon.

[Chainalysis](/)

  * Solutions
  * Customers
  * Services
  * Insights
  * Company
  * [Log in](https://app.chainalysis.com/login/)[Request a demo](https://www.chainalysis.com/request-a-demo/)

  * [Crypto Investigations](/solution/crypto-investigations/)Employ industry leading blockchain intelligence to tackle crypto challenges

  * [Web3 Growth](/solution/web3-growth/)Leverage on-chain user insights to boost engagement and success

  * [Crypto Risk](/solution/crypto-risk/)Delivering effective risk management solutions for regulatory compliance and operational safety

[Free Sanctions Screening](/free-cryptocurrency-sanctions-screening-
tools/)Avoid interaction with sanctioned activity

  * [Blockchain Intelligence](/blockchain-intelligence/)

Power your blockchain technology needs with industry-leading intelligence

[Transpose](/transpose/)Lightning fast, indexed blockchain data

  * [Chainalysis Platform](/platform/)Enterprise ready infrastructure for blockchain analysis solutions

Industries

  * [Law Enforcement](/law-enforcement/)Detect, disrupt, and deter crypto crime with blockchain insights

[Regulators](/regulators/)Protect consumers, establish safe markets, and
maintain financial stability

[Tax Agencies](/tax-agencies/)Administer, implement, and enforce tax policies
for digital assets

  * [Financial Institutions](/financial-institutions/)Generate new revenue opportunities with digital assets

[Centralized Exchanges](/centralized-exchanges/)Optimize crypto exchange
operations through data insights

  * [Consumer Brands](/consumer-brands/)Start your seamless transition into web3

[Decentralized Finance](/solutions/defi/)Scale projects securely with low-lift
integrations

[Customer Stories](/customer-stories/)

  * [![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/10/ct-state-police-featured-thumbnail.png)Connecticut State Police safeguards citizens from digital crimes](https://www.chainalysis.com/customer-stories/facing-crypto-crime-in-connecticut/)[![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/10/morabanc-featured-thumbnail.png)Morabanc serves as trusted entry point to world of digital assets](https://www.chainalysis.com/customer-stories/morabanc/)

  * [Investigations & Special Programs](/crypto-investigations-and-special-programs/)Professional investigators providing forensic analysis to resolve cybersecurity breaches and trace stolen funds
  * [Training & Certification](/chainalysis-certification-programs/)

Equip yourself with the knowledge needed to navigate cryptocurrency
confidently

  * [Chainalysis Academy ](https://academy.chainalysis.com/)

Get started with short training courses

  * [Blog](/blog/)[Crime](/blog/category/crime/)[Markets](/blog/category/markets/)[Policy & Regulation](/blog/category/policy-and-regulation/)[Crypto Basics](/blog/category/crypto-basics/)[Chainalysis in Action](/blog/category/chainalysis-in-action/)[Company News](/blog/category/company-news/)
  * [Webinars](/webinars/)View upcoming and on-demand webinars from our experts and industry leaders.[Podcast](/blog/category/podcast/)Public Key is the cryptocurrency and compliance podcast.[Chainalysis Links](/links-nyc/)The digital asset event where the public and private sectors meet.
  * [Reports](/reports/)

[![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/02/thumbnail-crime-
report.png)The 2024 Crypto Crime Report](https://go.chainalysis.com/crypto-
crime-2024.html)[![Geos report thumbnail image, and abstracted map with a
generic bar chart](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-
content/uploads/2024/01/thumbnail-geos-2023.png)The 2023 Geography of
Cryptocurrency Report](https://go.chainalysis.com/geography-of-
cryptocurrency-2023.html)

  * [Why Chainalysis](/why-chainalysis/)Turn blockchain transactions into insights and risk into compliance.
  * [About Chainalysis](/company/)Chainalysis is the blockchain data platform.
  * [Careers](/careers/)Chainalysis is growing fast, globally. Join us today.
  * [Chainalysis Government Solutions](/government/)[Partner Directory](https://partner.chainalysis.com/English/directory/)[Become a Partner](https://partner.chainalysis.com/English/)

[Chainalysis](/)

  * Solutions
  * Customers
  * Services
  * Insights
  * Company
  * [Log in](https://app.chainalysis.com/login/)[Request a demo](https://www.chainalysis.com/request-a-demo/)

Back arrow

Solutions

    * [Crypto Investigations](/solution/crypto-investigations/)
    * [Crypto Risk](/solution/crypto-risk/)
    * [Free Sanctions Screening](/free-cryptocurrency-sanctions-screening-tools/)
    * [Web3 Growth](/solution/web3-growth/)
    * [Blockchain Intelligence](/blockchain-intelligence/)
    * [Transpose](/transpose/)
    * * * *

    * [Chainalysis Platform](/platform/)

Back arrow

Customers

    * [Law Enforcement](/law-enforcement/)
    * [Regulators](/regulators/)
    * [Tax Agencies](/tax-agencies/)
    * [Financial Institutions](/financial-institutions/)
    * [Centralized Exchanges](/centralized-exchanges/)
    * [Consumer Brands](/consumer-brands/)
    * [Decentralized Finance](/solutions/defi/)
    * * * *

    * [Customer Stories](/customer-stories/)

Back arrow

Services

    * [Investigations & Special ProgramsProfessional investigators providing forensic analysis to resolve cybersecurity breaches and trace stolen funds](/crypto-investigations-and-special-programs/)
    * [Training & CertificationEquip yourself with the knowledge needed to navigate cryptocurrency confidently](/chainalysis-certification-programs/)
    * [Chainalysis AcademyGet started with short training courses](https://academy.chainalysis.com/)

Back arrow

Insights

    * [Blog](https://www.chainalysis.com/blog/)[Crime](/blog/category/crime/)[Markets](/blog/category/markets/)[Policy & Regulation](/blog/category/policy-and-regulation/)[Crypto Basics](/blog/category/crypto-basics/)[Chainalysis in Action](/blog/category/chainalysis-in-action/)[Company News](/blog/category/company-news/)
    * [Webinars](/webinars/)
    * [Podcast](/blog/category/podcast/)
    * [Chainalysis Links](/links-nyc/)
    * [Reports](/reports/)

Back arrow

Company

    * [Why ChainalysisTurn blockchain transactions into insights and risk into compliance](/why-chainalysis/)
    * [About ChainalysisChainalysis is the blockchain data platform.](/company/)
    * [CareersChainalysis is growing fast, globally. Join us today.](/careers/)
    * [Chainalysis Government Solutions](/government/)
    * [Partner Directory](https://partner.chainalysis.com/English/directory/)
    * [Become a Partner](https://partner.chainalysis.com/English/)

# Know what happens on blockchains.

![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/10/about-
company.jpg)![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/10/about-
company.jpg)

### What we do

##### Chainalysis is the blockchain data platform. We provide data, software,
services, and research to government agencies, exchanges, financial
institutions, and insurance and cybersecurity companies in over 70 countries.
Our data powers investigation, compliance, and market intelligence software
that has been used to solve some of the world’s most high-profile criminal
cases and grow consumer access to cryptocurrency safely.

[Careers at Chainalysis](https://www.chainalysis.com/careers/)

![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-
content/uploads/2019/09/chainalysis21909-1440-80.jpg)![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-
content/uploads/2019/09/chainalysis21909-1440-80.jpg)

### Our mission

##### Cryptocurrencies have already opened up new markets and made the global
economy bigger, fairer, and more deeply integrated. We’re only seeing the
beginning of what this transformative technology has to offer.

##### But cryptocurrency needs greater trust and transparency to realize its
full potential. That’s where Chainalysis comes in. We need to develop clearer
regulations, establish standard audit practices, and implement powerful
compliance controls for cryptocurrency to sustain its current growth and
integrate into the global financial infrastructure. By helping make that
vision a reality with our compliance and investigation tools, Chainalysis
gives banks, businesses, and governments the confidence and knowledge they
need to help this new digital economy thrive.

### Leadership

##### Meet the team building the future of Chainalysis.

![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-
content/uploads/2020/01/chainalysis24215-750x1125.jpg)![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-
content/uploads/2020/01/chainalysis24215-750x1125.jpg)

### Michael Gronager

#### Co-Founder and Chief Executive Officer

About

Michael was inspired to start Chainalysis when he saw how the cryptocurrency
space was struggling to become part of the financial system. He used his
experience from managing big data projects for scientists and his crypto
knowledge from the industry’s early days to develop the data platform that has
become the foundation of Chainalysis products today. Prior to Chainalysis,
Michael was COO and co-founder of the cryptocurrency exchange Kraken.

[Twitter](https://twitter.com/gronager)[LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/gronager/)

Recent Press

[→ Forbes](https://www.forbes.com/sites/amyfeldman/2019/07/16/next-billion-
dollar-startups-2019/#12dd29b21d43)[→ Nasdaq
TradeTalks](https://twitter.com/TradeTalks/status/1214991517049245703)

![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-
content/uploads/2019/12/jonathan-02.jpg)![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-
content/uploads/2019/12/jonathan-02.jpg)

### Jonathan Levin

#### Co-Founder and Chief Strategy Officer

About

Trained as an economist, Jonathan felt entrepreneurship was the best way to
answer the most fundamental questions about how and why people move money
around the world. Since 2013, Jonathan has consulted with governments and FTSE
100 companies on national security and the future of finance, and now leads
strategic initiatives at Chainalysis.

[Twitter](https://twitter.com/jony_levin)[LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/jonylevin/)

Recent Press

[→ Reuters](https://www.reuters.com/article/us-crypto-currencies-
chainalysis/chainalysis-line-unit-bitbox-in-anti-money-laundering-partnership-
idUSKCN1TL1MR)[→ Fortune](https://fortune.com/2019/04/24/bitcoin-
cryptocurrency-crime/)[→ Coindesk](https://www.coindesk.com/chainalysis-
kryptos-tool-is-an-inside-look-for-outside-investors)

![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2021/10/pratima-
arora.jpg)![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2021/10/pratima-
arora.jpg)

### Pratima Arora

#### Chief Technology Officer

About

Pratima is a revenue-generating, product-strategy, tech-loving mastermind who
is delivering Chainalysis’ blockchain data platform to customers globally. A
self-proclaimed geek, she loves to solve the toughest customer problems with
simple and intuitive solutions. Pratima has worked with SalesForce and
Atlassian and sits on the board of Digitalocean.

![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/04/image-from-
ios-750x1125.jpg)![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/04/image-from-ios-750x1125.jpg)

### Sari Granat

#### Chief Operating Officer

About

Sari is an expert at scaling organizations through high growth. Over 25 years
she's led companies through multiple acquisitions, mergers, and IPO. She
joined Chainalysis to advance our mission of bringing trust and transparency
to the global crypto community. Sari has worked with IHS Markit,
TheMarkets.com LLC, Dow Jones & Company and Kaplan, Inc. She serves on the
boards of ComplySci, Venture Global LNG, and Opening Act.

[LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/sari-granat-3b4b689)

![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-
content/uploads/2021/10/20210729-chaina-01-sarahward-0062-copy-750x1125.jpg)![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-
content/uploads/2021/10/20210729-chaina-01-sarahward-0062-copy-750x1125.jpg)

### Sarah Ward

#### Chief Legal Officer

About

Sarah’s passion is coffee, but her heart belongs to building businesses around
revolutionary technology. Having scaled the legal departments for multiple
technology companies, she’s seen firsthand how fast a great business can grow.
Sarah loves a good challenge (contracts are the name of her game) and has
worked with Sisense, MongoDB, Criteo and Skadden Arps.

![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/08/omesh-
agam-2.jpg)![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/08/omesh-
agam-2.jpg)

### Omesh Agam

#### Chief Information Security Officer

About

As the Chief Information Security Officer, Omesh leads the company's global
security team, including security engineering, operations and compliance.
Omesh has more than 20 years of experience in information security, having
served as CISO at high-growth technology companies Celonis and Appian.

[LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/oagam/)

![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/01/chainalysis-
dk36475-750x1125.jpg)![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-
content/uploads/2020/01/chainalysis-dk36475-750x1125.jpg)

### Jaclyn Mack

#### VP People

About

Jaclyn first heard of cryptocurrency when the charity she worked for received
a $1 million Bitcoin donation from the Pineapple Fund. After helping to stand
up People organizations for other high-growth startups, she was excited to
bring her expertise in building culture and structure to a mission-driven
cryptocurrency company.

[LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/jaclynmack/)

![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/01/chainalysis-
dk35328-1-750x1125.jpg)![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-
content/uploads/2020/01/chainalysis-dk35328-1-750x1125.jpg)

### Gerd Behrmann

#### Chief Engineer

About

Before joining Chainalysis in 2016, Gerd left a promising academic career in
formal computer science (boring) to work for 10 years on large scale
geographically distributed storage for science related projects (CERN). Gerd
is passionate about code quality, performance, and protocols.

[LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/gerd-behrmann-0a61b1/)

![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/08/ian-
andrews.jpg)![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/08/ian-
andrews.jpg)

### Ian Andrews

#### Chief Marketing Officer

About

Ian Andrews is Chief Marketing Officer at Chainalysis and host of the podcast
Public Key. In this role Ian is helping crypto businesses, financial
institutions and government agencies make the world of cryptocurrency safe for
everyone. Prior to Chainalysis, Ian held leadership positions at market
defining startups including Pivotal Software, Aster Data, and Opsware.

[LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/ianhandrews/)[Twitter](https://twitter.com/IanAndrewsDC)

![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/12/jacob-
illum.jpg)![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/12/jacob-
illum.jpg)

### Jacob Illum

#### Chief Scientist

About

Jacob has chased bugs in distributed systems in academia and business for many
years, and enjoys throwing that experience at the ever-growing pile of
challenging, never-before-solved problems in the fast-evolving field of
blockchain.

[LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/jacob-illum-888793/)

Our company values

#####

We pride ourselves on being equal parts curious, honest, and passionate. Every
day, we’re focused on solving complex problems that make our world safer and
lay a foundation for the cryptocurrency economy to flourish.

##### **Build Trust**

Take every chance to build trust in your team, Chainalysis and the industry

##### **Earn the Right**

Don’t rest on your laurels, we re-earn our rights every day

##### **Rigor**

Question everything, be data-driven and deliver high quality work

##### **Team First**

Success comes through collaboration

##### **Strong Convictions / Loosely Held**

Act on today’s information, not yesterday’s

![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/08/chainalysis-team-
meeting.jpg)![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-
content/uploads/2019/08/chainalysis-team-meeting.jpg)

###

### Investors

Accel is a leading venture capital firm that partners with exceptional
founders with unique insights, from inception through all phases of private
company growth.

Accel

Addition

Benchmark

Coatue

GIC

Paradigm

Ribbit

Accel is a leading venture capital firm that partners with exceptional
founders with unique insights, from inception through all phases of private
company growth.

![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/07/academy.png)![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/07/academy.png)

### Awards

[The World’s 50 Most Innovative Companies
2023](https://www.fastcompany.com/most-innovative-companies/list)

[Forbes Blockchain 50
2023](https://www.forbes.com/sites/ninabambysheva/2023/02/07/forbes-
blockchain-50-2023/?sh=eb3c800319d9)

[Forbes Fintech50](https://www.forbes.com/fintech/2022/#1833d12f187e)

[Forbes Cloud
100](https://www.forbes.com/companies/chainalysis/?list=cloud100&sh=6b1e758a5e3b)

[Deloitte Technology
Fast500](https://www2.deloitte.com/us/en/pages/technology-media-and-
telecommunications/articles/fast500-winners.html)

[CB Insights Fintech 250](https://www.cbinsights.com/research/report/top-
fintech-startups-2022/)

[CB Insights Blockchain
50](https://www.cbinsights.com/research/report/blockchain-technology-
companies/)

[W3B Award: Data & Security Services](https://w3bworld.org/awards/)

Subscribe to our weekly newsletter

Thank you for subscribing to the Chainalysis weekly newsletter.

Solutions

  * [Platform](https://www.chainalysis.com/platform/)
  * [Crypto Investigations Solution](https://www.chainalysis.com/solution/crypto-investigations/)
  * [Crypto Risk Solution](https://www.chainalysis.com/solution/crypto-risk/)
  * [Web3 Growth Solution ](https://www.chainalysis.com/solution/web3-growth/)
  * [Blockchain Intelligence](https://www.chainalysis.com/blockchain-intelligence/)
  * [Transpose](https://www.chainalysis.com/transpose/)
  * [Free Sanctions Screening](https://www.chainalysis.com/free-cryptocurrency-sanctions-screening-tools/)

Industries

  * [Law Enforcement](https://www.chainalysis.com/law-enforcement/)
  * [Centralized Exchanges](https://www.chainalysis.com/centralized-exchanges/)
  * [Financial Institutions](https://www.chainalysis.com/financial-institutions/)
  * [Tax Agencies](https://www.chainalysis.com/tax-agencies/)
  * [Regulators](https://www.chainalysis.com/regulators/)
  * [Decentralized Finance](https://www.chainalysis.com/solutions/defi/)
  * [Consumer Brands](https://www.chainalysis.com/consumer-brands/)

Careers

  * [Open Positions](https://www.chainalysis.com/careers/job-openings/)

Company

  * [About Us](https://www.chainalysis.com/company/)
  * [Chainalysis Partner Locator](https://partner.chainalysis.com/english/directory/)
  * [Become a Chainalysis Partner](https://partner.chainalysis.com/English/)

Contact Us

  * [Sales](mailto:sales@chainalysis.com)
  * [Media](mailto:media@chainalysis.com)

Resources

  * [Blog](https://www.chainalysis.com/blog/)
  * [Webinars](https://www.chainalysis.com/webinars/)
  * [Podcast](https://www.chainalysis.com/blog/category/podcast/)
  * [Reports](https://www.chainalysis.com/reports/)

Services

  * [Investigations & Special Programs](https://www.chainalysis.com/crypto-investigations-and-special-programs/)
  * [Training & Certification](https://www.chainalysis.com/chainalysis-certification-programs/)

[![Chainalysis Linkedin](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/11/icon-linkedin-
lightblue.svg)](https://www.linkedin.com/company/chainalysis/)[![Chainalysis
Twitter](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/10/icon-footer-
twitter-x-blue.svg)](https://twitter.com/chainalysis)[![Chainalysis
YouTube](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/11/icon-youtube-
lightblue.svg)](https://www.youtube.com/c/Chainalysis)[![Chainalysis
Telegram](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/03/icon-
telegram-lightblue.svg)](https://t.me/chainalysisinc)

© 2024, Chainalysis

  * [Privacy Policy](https://www.chainalysis.com/privacy-policy/)

  * [Legal](https://www.chainalysis.com/legal/)

Change region

  * [English](https://www.chainalysis.com/company/)
  * [日本語](https://www.chainalysis.com/ja/company/)
  * [한국어](https://www.chainalysis.com/ko/company/)
  * [Español](https://www.chainalysis.com/es/compania/)
  * [Deutsch](https://www.chainalysis.com/de/unternehmen/)

![websights](https://ws.zoominfo.com/pixel/Na6GzfmL0i0pW4qWYEKS)
![](https://t.co/i/adsct?bci=3&eci=2&event_id=e91ce6e9-99d8-4464-8bfa-
bb6860e3036c&events=%5B%5B%22pageview%22%2C%7B%7D%5D%5D&integration=advertiser&p_id=Twitter&p_user_id=0&pl_id=0b144aff-6465-49a0-a72c-48681eaa1cfe&tw_document_href=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.chainalysis.com%2Fcompany%2F&tw_iframe_status=0&tw_order_quantity=0&tw_sale_amount=0&txn_id=o942f&type=javascript&version=2.3.30)![](https://analytics.twitter.com/i/adsct?bci=3&eci=2&event_id=e91ce6e9-99d8-4464-8bfa-
bb6860e3036c&events=%5B%5B%22pageview%22%2C%7B%7D%5D%5D&integration=advertiser&p_id=Twitter&p_user_id=0&pl_id=0b144aff-6465-49a0-a72c-48681eaa1cfe&tw_document_href=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.chainalysis.com%2Fcompany%2F&tw_iframe_status=0&tw_order_quantity=0&tw_sale_amount=0&txn_id=o942f&type=javascript&version=2.3.30)![](https://cdn.bizible.com/ipv?_biz_r=&_biz_h=-417244810&_biz_u=460cb7bef9b44a579a2a1b40977f2ede&_biz_l=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.chainalysis.com%2Fcompany%2F&_biz_t=1716906605706&_biz_i=About%20Us%20-%20Chainalysis&_biz_n=0&rnd=897843&cdn_o=a&_biz_z=1716906605919)![](https://cdn.bizibly.com/u?_biz_u=460cb7bef9b44a579a2a1b40977f2ede&_biz_l=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.chainalysis.com%2Fcompany%2F&_biz_t=1716906605920&_biz_i=About%20Us%20-%20Chainalysis&rnd=839623&cdn_o=a&_biz_z=1716906605920)

## Cookies

When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your
browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you,
your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as
you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but
it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your
right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on
the different category headings to find out more and change our default
settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience
of the site and the services we are able to offer.  
[More information](https://www.chainalysis.com/privacy-policy/)

Allow All

###  Manage Consent Preferences

#### Strictly Necessary Cookies

Always Active

Strictly Necessary Cookies

These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched
off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by
you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy
preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block
or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then
work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.

#### Performance Cookies

Performance Cookies

These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure
and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are
the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All
information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If
you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our
site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.

#### Functional Cookies

Functional Cookies

These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and
personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose
services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then
some or all of these services may not function properly.

#### Targeting Cookies

Targeting Cookies

These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They
may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show
you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal
information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet
device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted
advertising.

Confirm My Choices

[](https://www.onetrust.com/products/cookie-consent/)

Back Button

Back

### Performance Cookies

Vendor Search Search Icon Filter Icon

Clear Filters

Information storage and access

Apply

Consent Leg.Interest

All Consent Allowed

Select All Vendors

Select All Vendors

All Consent Allowed

Confirm My Choices

[](https://www.onetrust.com/products/cookie-consent/)

When you visit our website, it may store or retrieve information on your
browser, mostly in the form of cookies. By clicking “Accept All Cookies”, you
agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation,
analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts. Because we respect
your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies.
Click on the "Cookie Settings" to find out more and change our default
settings.

Cookies Settings Accept All Cookies

![](https://bat.bing.com/action/0?ti=136016409&tm=gtm002&Ver=2&mid=58c22246-4756-4508-b03f-56754f91ecff&sid=c72d94e01cfe11ef9fc38590b1c01791&vid=c72d9a301cfe11ef9a19571e83632b54&vids=1&msclkid=N&pi=918639831&lg=en-
US&sw=800&sh=600&sc=24&tl=About%20Us%20-%20Chainalysis&p=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.chainalysis.com%2Fcompany%2F&r=&lt=3378&evt=pageLoad&sv=1&rn=700083)

