Skip to main content

[](/en/)

  * Learn
  * Use
  * Build
  * Participate
  * Research

Search```K`

Languages EN

  1. [Home](/en/)/
  2. [Ethereum Improvement Proposals](/en/eips/)

Page last updated: August 15, 2023

On this page

  * What are EIPs?
  * Why do EIPs matter?
  * History of EIPs
  * Learn more
  * Participate
  * References

# Introduction to Ethereum Improvement Proposals (EIPs)

## What are EIPs?

[Ethereum Improvement Proposals (EIPs)(opens in a new
tab)](https://eips.ethereum.org/) are standards specifying potential new
features or processes for Ethereum. EIPs contain technical specifications for
the proposed changes and act as the “source of truth” for the community.
Network upgrades and application standards for Ethereum are discussed and
developed through the EIP process.

Anyone within the Ethereum community has the ability to create an EIP.
Guidelines for writing EIPs are included in [EIP-1(opens in a new
tab)](https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-1). An EIP should primarily provide a
concise technical specification with a small amount of motivation. The EIP
author is responsible for reaching consensus within the community and
documenting alternative opinions. Given the high technical barrier for
submitting a well-formed EIP, historically, most EIP authors are typically
application or protocol developers.

## Why do EIPs matter?

EIPs play a central role in how changes happen and are documented on Ethereum.
They are the way for people to propose, debate, and adopt changes. There are
[different types of EIPs(opens in a new
tab)](https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-1#eip-types), including core EIPs for
low-level protocol changes that affect consensus and require a network upgrade
like [EIP-1559(opens in a new tab)](https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-1559),
and ERCs for application standards like [EIP-20(opens in a new
tab)](https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-20) and [EIP-721(opens in a new
tab)](https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-721).

Every network upgrade consists of a set of EIPs that need to be implemented by
each [Ethereum client](/en/learn/#clients-and-nodes) on the network. This
means that to stay in consensus with other clients on the Ethereum Mainnet,
client developers need to make sure they have all implemented the required
EIPs.

Along with providing a technical specification for changes, EIPs are the unit
around which governance happens in Ethereum: anyone is free to propose one,
and then various stakeholders in the community will debate to determine if it
should be adopted as a standard or included in a network upgrade. Because non-
core EIPs don't have to be adopted by all applications (for example, it is
possible to create a fungible token that doesn't implement EIP-20), but core
EIPs must be widely adopted (because all nodes must upgrade to stay part of
the same network), core EIPs require a broader consensus within the community
than non-core EIPs.

## History of EIPs

The [Ethereum Improvement Proposals (EIPs) GitHub repository(opens in a new
tab)](https://github.com/ethereum/EIPs) was created in October 2015. The EIP
process is based on the [Bitcoin Improvement Proposals (BIPs)(opens in a new
tab)](https://github.com/bitcoin/bips) process, which itself is based on the
[Python Enhancement Proposals (PEPs)(opens in a new
tab)](https://www.python.org/dev/peps/) process.

EIP editors are tasked with process of reviewing EIPs for technical soundness,
formatting issues, and correcting spelling, grammar, and code style. Martin
Becze, Vitalik Buterin, Gavin Wood, and a few others were the original EIP
editors from 2015 to late 2016.

The current EIP editors are

  * Alex Beregszaszi (@axic)
  * Gavin John (@Pandapip1)
  * Greg Colvin (@gcolvin)
  * Matt Garnett (@lightclient)
  * Sam Wilson (@SamWilsn)

Emeritus EIP editors are

  * Casey Detrio (@cdetrio)
  * Hudson Jameson (@Souptacular)
  * Martin Becze (@wanderer)
  * Micah Zoltu (@MicahZoltu)
  * Nick Johnson (@arachnid)
  * Nick Savers (@nicksavers)
  * Vitalik Buterin (@vbuterin)

If you would like to become an EIP editor, please check [EIP-5069(opens in a
new tab)](https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-5069).

EIP editors decide when a proposal is ready to become an EIP, and help EIP
authors move their proposals forward. [Ethereum Cat Herders(opens in a new
tab)](https://www.ethereumcatherders.com/) help organize meetings between the
EIP editors and the community (see [EIPIP(opens in a new
tab)](https://github.com/ethereum-cat-herders/EIPIP)).

Full standardization process alongside with chart is described in [EIP-1(opens
in a new tab)](https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-1)

## Learn more

If you’re interested to read more about EIPs, check out the [EIPs
website(opens in a new tab)](https://eips.ethereum.org/) and [EIP-1(opens in a
new tab)](https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-1). Here are some useful links:

  * [A list of every EIP(opens in a new tab)](https://eips.ethereum.org/all)
  * [A description of all EIP types(opens in a new tab)](https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-1#eip-types)
  * [A description of all EIP statuses(opens in a new tab)](https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-1#eip-process)

## Participate

Anyone can create an EIP. Before submitting a proposal, one must read
[EIP-1(opens in a new tab)](https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-1) which
outlines the EIP process and how to write an EIP, and solicit feedback on
[Ethereum Magicians(opens in a new tab)](https://ethereum-magicians.org/),
where proposals are first discussed with the community before a draft is
submitted.

## References

Page content provided in part from [Ethereum Protocol Development Governance
and Network Upgrade Coordination(opens in a new
tab)](https://hudsonjameson.com/2020-03-23-ethereum-protocol-development-
governance-and-network-upgrade-coordination/) by Hudson Jameson

### Was this article helpful?

YesNo

  * [Edit page(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/ethereum/ethereum-org-website/tree/dev/public/content/eips/index.md)
  * On this page

    * What are EIPs?
    * Why do EIPs matter?
    * History of EIPs
    * Learn more
    * Participate
    * References

Website last updated: May 22, 2024

[(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/ethereum/ethereum-org-
website)[(opens in a new tab)](https://twitter.com/ethdotorg)[(opens in a new
tab)](https://discord.gg/ethereum-org)

### Learn

  * [Learn Hub](/en/learn/)
  * [What is Ethereum?](/en/what-is-ethereum/)
  * [What is ether (ETH)?](/en/eth/)
  * [Ethereum wallets](/en/wallets/)
  * [What is Web3?](/en/web3/)
  * [Smart contracts](/en/smart-contracts/)
  * [Gas fees](/en/gas/)
  * [Run a node](/en/run-a-node/)
  * [Ethereum security and scam prevention](/en/security/)
  * [Quiz Hub](/en/quizzes/)
  * [Ethereum glossary](/en/glossary/)

### Use

  * [Guides](/en/guides/)
  * [Choose your wallet](/en/wallets/find-wallet/)
  * [Get ETH](/en/get-eth/)
  * [Dapps - Decentralized applications](/en/dapps/)
  * [Stablecoins](/en/stablecoins/)
  * [NFTs - Non-fungible tokens](/en/nft/)
  * [DeFi - Decentralized finance](/en/defi/)
  * [DAOs - Decentralized autonomous organizations](/en/dao/)
  * [Decentralized identity](/en/decentralized-identity/)
  * [Stake ETH](/en/staking/)
  * [Layer 2](/en/layer-2/)

### Build

  * [Builder's home](/en/developers/)
  * [Tutorials](/en/developers/tutorials/)
  * [Documentation](/en/developers/docs/)
  * [Learn by coding](/en/developers/learning-tools/)
  * [Set up local environment](/en/developers/local-environment/)
  * [Grants](/en/community/grants/)
  * [Foundational topics](/en/developers/docs/intro-to-ethereum/)
  * [UX/UI design fundamentals](/en/developers/docs/design-and-ux/)
  * [Enterprise - Mainnet Ethereum](/en/enterprise/)
  * [Enterprise - Private Ethereum](/en/enterprise/private-ethereum/)

### Participate

  * [Community hub](/en/community/)
  * [Online communities](/en/community/online/)
  * [Ethereum events](/en/community/events/)
  * [Contributing to ethereum.org](/en/contributing/)
  * [Translation Program](/en/contributing/translation-program/)
  * [Ethereum bug bounty program](/en/bug-bounty/)
  * [Ethereum Foundation](/en/foundation/)
  * [Ethereum Foundation Blog(opens in a new tab)](https://blog.ethereum.org/)
  * [Ecosystem Support Program(opens in a new tab)](https://esp.ethereum.foundation)
  * [Devcon(opens in a new tab)](https://devcon.org/)

### Research

  * [Ethereum Whitepaper](/en/whitepaper/)
  * [Ethereum roadmap](/en/roadmap/)
  * [Improved security](/en/roadmap/security/)
  * [Technical history of Ethereum](/en/history/)
  * [Open research](/en/community/research/)
  * [Ethereum Improvement Proposals](/en/eips/)
  * [Ethereum governance](/en/governance/)

  * [About us](/en/about/)
  * [Ethereum brand assets](/en/assets/)
  * [Code of conduct](/en/community/code-of-conduct/)
  * [Jobs](/en/about/#open-jobs)
  * [Privacy policy](/en/privacy-policy/)
  * [Terms of use](/en/terms-of-use/)
  * [Cookie policy](/en/cookie-policy/)
  * [Press Contact(opens in a new tab)](mailto:press@ethereum.org)

Is this page helpful?

