[](https://www.binance.com/en-GB)

Buy Crypto

[Buy Crypto via Bank CardGBPUse Bank Card to Buy
Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en-GB/crypto/buy/GBP/BTC)[Buy Crypto via
P2PUse Peer-to-Peer to Buy Crypto](https://p2p.binance.com/en-GB/trade/all-
payments/USDT?fiat=GBP)[Buy Fan TokensBuy Fan
Tokens](https://www.binance.com/en-GB/fan-token)[Buy NFTsBuy Non-Fungible
Tokens](https://www.binance.com/en-GB/nft/home)

Trade

[ConvertUse Convert to Trade Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en-
GB/convert)[Spot ExchangeUse Spot Exchange to Trade
Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en-GB/markets/spot_margin-FIAT/GBP)[Margin
ExchangeUse Margin Exchange to Trade Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en-
GB/trade?type=cross)[Trading BotsUse Trading Bots to Trade
Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en-GB/trading-bots)

Earn

[Launch PlatformCryptoasset Token Launch
Platform](https://launchpad.binance.com/en-GB)[Auto-InvestCryptoasset Auto-
Invest Platform](https://www.binance.com/en-GB/auto-invest/)

Support

[Submit Live ChatChat with Customer Support](https://www.binance.com/en-
GB/chat)[Support CentreAccess Support FAQ
articles](https://www.binance.com/en-GB/support)[Trading FeesView the trading
fees](https://www.binance.com/en-GB/fee/trading)[Trading RuleView the trading
rules and limits](https://www.binance.com/en-GB/trade-rule)

 __

# **Licenses, Registrations and Other Legal Matters**

 _**LICENSES AND REGISTRATIONS**_

Binance is committed to working closely and collaboratively with regulators
from around the world. Binance currently holds the following regulatory
licenses, registrations, authorisations and approvals:

_**Europe**_

  * **France**

Binance France SAS has been granted registration as a [Digital Asset Service
Provider ](https://www.amf-france.org/en/professionals/fintech/my-relations-
amf/obtain-dasp-authorisation#List_of_DASPs_licensed_by_the_AMF)(DASP) by the
Autorité des Marchés Financiers (AMF) (registration number E2022-037). Binance
France SAS can provide the following regulated services in France: digital
assets custody; purchase/sale of digital assets for legal tender; exchange of
digital assets for other digital assets; and operation of a trading platform
for digital assets.

  * **Italy**

Binance Italy S.R.L. has been granted a [Digital Asset Service
Provider](https://www.organismo-am.it/elenchi-
registri/operatori_valute_virtuali/dettaglio_elenco.html) (DASP) registration
by the Organismo Agenti e Mediatori (OAM) (registration number PSV5). The
registration enables Binance Italy S.R.L. to provide crypto asset exchange and
custody services.

  * **Lithuania**

Bifinity UAB (formerly called Binance UAB) has been granted a Virtual Asset
Service Provider (VASP) registration by the Registry of Legal Entities of the
Republic of Lithuania and local Financial Intelligence Unit (FIU)
(registration number 305595206). The registration enables Bifinity UAB to
provide crypto asset exchange and custody services.

  * **Spain**

Binance Spain, S.L. (Binance’s Spanish subsidiary) has been granted
registration as a [Virtual Asset Services
Provider](https://www.bde.es/bde/en/secciones/servicios/Particulares_y_e/registro-
de-proveedores-de-servicios-de-cambio-de-moneda-virtual-por-moneda-fiduciaria-
y-de-custodia-de-monederos-electronicos/registro-de-proveedores-de-servicios-
de-cambio-de-moneda-virtual-por-moneda-fiduciaria-y-de-custodia-de-monederos-
electronicos.html) by the Bank of Spain (registration number D661). The
registration enables Binance Spain, S.L. to provide crypto asset exchange and
custody services.

  * **Poland**

Binance Poland Spółka z Ograniczoną Odpowiedzialnością has been granted
[Virtual Asset Service
Provider](https://www.slaskie.kas.gov.pl/c/document_library/get_file?uuid=73ffde9b-0123-4594-8a94-a4d458218386&groupId=3559133)
(VASP) registration by the Polish Tax Administration Chamber of Poland in
Katowice (registration number RDWW – 465). The registration enables the
company to provide crypto asset exchange and custody services.

  * **Sweden**

Binance Nordics AB has been granted registration as a [Financial
Institution](https://www.fi.se/en/our-registers/company-
register/details?id=656991) for management and trading in virtual currency by
the Swedish Financial Supervisory Authority (registration number 66822). The
registration enables the company to provide a comprehensive range of products,
including (amongst others) spot trading, OTC convert, custody, staking,
savings, card and pay services.

_**Commonwealth of Independent States**_

  * **Kazakhstan - Astana International Financial Centre (AIFC)**

BN KZ Technologies Limited has been granted a license by the Astana Financial
Services Authority (AFSA) to operate a [digital asset
platform](https://publicreg.myafsa.com/details/211040900220/) and provide
custody services in the Astana International Financial Centre (AIFC).

_**Middle East**_

  * **Abu Dhabi Global Market (ADGM)**

Binance (AD) Limited has been granted a [Financial Services
Permission](https://www.adgm.com/public-registers/fsra/fsf/binance-ad-limited)
(FSP)  by the Financial Services Regulatory Authority to carry out the
Regulated Activity of Providing Custody, in relation to Virtual Assets. Once
Binance (AD) Limited has met the conditions set out in its FSP, it can
commence providing custody services to Professional Clients.

  * **Bahrain**

Binance Bahrain BSC(c) has been granted a [Category 4 licence
](https://www.cbb.gov.bh/licensing-directory/)as a Crypto-Asset  Service
Provider (CASP) by the Central Bank of Bahrain. The licence enables Binance
Bahrain BSC(c) to operate as a crypto-asset exchange and custody services
provider.

  * **Dubai World Trade Center (DWTC)**

Binance FZE has been granted a Virtual Asset Service Provider (VASP) Licence
by the [Dubai Virtual Asset Regulatory Authority
(VARA)](https://www.vara.ae/en/). The VASP Licence enables Binance FZE to
offer Broker-Dealer Services, Exchange Services (including VA Derivatives
Trading), Management and Investment Services and Lending and Borrowing
Services.

_**Asia-Pacific**_

  * **Australia**

InvestbyBit Pty Ltd (ABN 98 621 652 579) (trading as “Binance Australia”) has
been granted a Digital Currency Exchange (DCE) provider registration by the
Australian Transaction Reports and Analysis Centre (AUSTRAC) (registration
number 100576141-001). The registration enables InvestbyBit Pty Ltd to provide
digital currency exchange services.  

  * **Indonesia**

PT. ASET DIGITAL BERKAT (trading as TokoCrypto) has been granted a
Registration of Trader Candidate by Bappebti (No. 001/BAPPEBTI/CP-AK/11/2019)
on 21 November 2019. The registration enables PT. ASET DIGITAL BERKAT to carry
out transaction activities relating to crypto assets, whether in its own name
and/or to facilitate its customers

  * **Japan**

Binance Japan Inc. is regulated in Japan by the Japan Financial Services
Agency (JFSA) as a Crypto Asset Exchange Service Provider with Registration
Number: Kanto Local Finance Bureau 00031.

  * **New Zealand**

Investbybit Limited (trading as Binance New Zealand) is registered on the [New
Zealand register of financial service providers](https://fsp-
register.companiesoffice.govt.nz/) (FSP1003864). The registration enables
Binance New Zealand to provide the following financial services in New
Zealand: (i) use fiat currency to purchase virtual assets; (ii) trade virtual
assets; (iii) use fiat or virtual currencies to buy or sell NFTs (non-fungible
tokens); and (iv) invest in virtual assets.  
  
Investbybit Limited is not licensed by a New Zealand regulator to provide
these financial services. Investbybit Limited's registration on the New
Zealand register of financial service providers or membership of the Insurance
& Financial Services Ombudsman Scheme does not mean that Investbybit Limited
is subject to active regulation or oversight by a New Zealand regulator.

  * **Thailand**

Gulf Binance Co., Ltd., (“Gulf Binance”), has been granted digital asset
operator licenses by the Thailand Ministry of Finance through the Securities
and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) in Thailand. Gulf Binance is a joint venture
between Binance and Gulf Innova Co., Ltd. (“Gulf”) following a 2022 agreement
between the two organizations to set up a digital asset exchange in Thailand.
Having secured these licenses, Gulf Binance operates as a digital asset
exchange and digital asset broker.

_**Americas**_

  * **Mexico**

Bmex Techfin, S. de R.L. de C.V. has been granted a Vulnerable Activity
registration by the Tax Administration Service (SAT). This registration allows
Binance to provide virtual assets services in Mexico and comply with the
requirements of SAT’s anti-money laundering and counter terrorist financing
(AML/TF) regulation applicable to virtual assets service providers.

  * **El Salvador**

Binance El Salvador S.A. de C.V. has been granted a [Digital Asset Services
Provider ](https://cnad.gob.sv/registro-de-proveedores-de-servicios-
digitales/)(DASP) license, by the Comisión Nacional De Activos Digitales
(CNAD), (registration number PSDA/001-2003) and the Bitcoin Services Provider
(BSP) license, by Banco Central de Reserva (BCR), (registration number
648c5c0751164005aa47d43a) licenses. Binance El Salvador S.A. de C.V. can
provide the following regulated services in El Salvador: digital assets
custody; purchase/sale of digital assets and its derivatives for legal tender;
promote, structure, and manage all types of investment products in digital
assets; exchange of digital assets for other digital assets; perform risk and
price analysis on digital assets; and operate a trading platform for digital
assets.

_**Africa**_  

  * **South Africa**

Brickhouse Trading Ltd offers Futures and Options to users in South Africa in
its capacity as a Juristic Representative of FiveWest OTC Desk (Pty) Limited
(Authorised FSP 51619), an authorised financial services provider in South
Africa. Brickhouse Trading Ltd is a member of the Binance group of companies.

_**OTHER LEGAL MATTERS**_

 _**Restricted Jurisdictions**_

Please see the [List of Prohibited
Countries](https://www.binance.com/en/legal/list-of-prohibited-countries) and
the Binance Terms of Use for restrictions and eligibility requirements to open
and maintain an account with Binance.

_**KYC**_

Binance requires mandatory KYC to be undertaken to onboard any users in order
to comply with legal and regulatory obligations including, but not limited to,
rules governing anti-money laundering, counter-terrorism financing and
sanctions; Binance has created a number of educational resources to help users
understand the KYC process, why it’s important and why we do it. These
resources can be accessed [here](https://www.binance.com/en-
GB/blog/ecosystem/%E2%80%8Bwhat-is-kyc-or-identity-verification-and-how-is-it-
increasingly-important-for-crypto-421499824684903785) and
[here](https://www.binance.com/en/support/faq/how-to-complete-identity-
verification-360027287111) (with links to further resources embedded into
those articles). For entities with specific U.S. connections seeking to
onboard, Binance collects additional information described
[here](https://www.binance.com/en/about-legal/assessment-of-us-connections).

_**Restrictions**_

We have notices regarding certain restrictions placed on our products and
services which can be accessed
[here](https://www.binance.com/en/support/list/notices). Users impacted by
these restrictions are strongly encouraged to review these notices and seek
independent advice. Please see the Binance
[TOUs](https://www.binance.com/en/terms) for a comprehensive list of
restrictions and eligibility requirements to open and maintain an account on
Binance.com.

_**Customer Service**_

If you have any questions or complaints about Binance’s products or services,
please contact our customer service team who will be able to assist you. They
are staffed 24 hours a day, 7 days a week and strive to address your concerns
as quickly as possible.

Company

[About Us](https://www.binance.com/en-
GB/about)[Inquiries](https://www.binance.com/en-
GB/about#email)[Careers](https://www.binance.com/en-
GB/careers)[Press](https://www.binance.com/en-GB/press)

Support

[Support Center](https://www.binance.com/en-GB/support)[Live
Chat](https://www.binance.com/en-GB/chat?sourceEntry=4)[Trading
Fees](https://www.binance.com/en-GB/fee/trading)[Trading
Rule](https://www.binance.com/en-GB/trade-rule)

Legal

[Terms](https://www.binance.com/en-GB/terms)[Privacy
Notice](https://www.binance.com/en-GB/about-legal/privacy-portal)

Compliance

[Law Enforcement Request](https://www.binance.com/en-GB/support/law-
enforcement)[Licenses & Registrations](https://www.binance.com/en-
GB/legal/licenses)

Products

[Spot](https://www.binance.com/en-
GB/markets/overview)[OCBS](https://www.binance.com/en-
GB/crypto)[Convert](https://www.binance.com/en-
GB/convert/GBP/BTC)[NFT](https://www.binance.com/en-GB/nft/home)

Community

[](https://x.com/binanceuk)

Nest Services Limited, trading as Binance, is the entity ultimately
responsible for the Binance Services offered through the Platform.

Trading cryptocurrencies involves significant risk and can result in the loss
of your capital. You should not invest more than you can afford to lose and
you should ensure that you fully understand the risks involved. Before
trading, please take into consideration your level of experience, investment
objectives, and seek independent financial advice if necessary. It is your
responsibility to ascertain whether you are permitted to use the services of
Binance based on the legal requirements in your country of residence. Neither
the firm nor investments in cryptoassets are regulated by the Financial
Conduct Authority, nor covered by the Financial Ombudsman Service or subject
to protection under the Financial Services Compensation Scheme. The
information on this site is not directed at residents of the United States,
Canada, Singapore, Japan, Korea, Australia, and New Zealand or any particular
country or jurisdiction where such distribution or use would be contrary to
local law or regulation.

Binance © 2024

