[](https://www.binance.com/en)

[Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/crypto/buy)

[Markets](https://www.binance.com/en/markets/overview)

Trade

Basic

  * [SpotBuy and sell on the Spot market with advanced tools](https://www.binance.com/en/trade/BTC_USDT?type=spot)
  * [MarginIncrease your profits with leverage](https://www.binance.com/en/trade?type=cross)
  * [P2PBuy & sell cryptocurrencies using bank transfer and 800+ options](https://p2p.binance.com/en)
  * [Convert & Block TradeThe easiest way to trade at all sizes](https://www.binance.com/en/convert)

Advanced

  * [Trading BotsTrade smarter with our various automated strategies - easy, fast and reliable](https://www.binance.com/en/trading-bots)
  * [Copy TradingFollow the most popular traders](https://www.binance.com/en/copy-trading)
  * [APIsUnlimited opportunities with one key](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-api)

[Futures](https://www.binance.com/en/futures/home)

  * [USDⓈ-M FuturesContracts settled in USDT and USDC](https://www.binance.com/en/futures)
  * [COIN-M FuturesContracts settled in cryptocurrency](https://www.binance.com/en/delivery)
  * [OptionsUSDT Options with limited downside and affordable entry](https://www.binance.com/en/eoptions)

[Earn](https://www.binance.com/en/earn)

[Square](https://www.binance.com/en/square)

  * [SquareStay informed with everything crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/square)
  * [Academy (Learn & Earn)Earn crypto by learning about blockchain](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn)
  * [BlogExpand your knowledge and get the latest insights](https://www.binance.com/en/blog)
  * [ResearchInstitutional-grade analysis, in-depth insights, and more](https://www.binance.com/en/research)

More

  * [VIP & InstitutionalYour trusted digital asset platform for VIPs and institutions](https://www.binance.com/en/vip-institutional-services)
  * [Launchpad & LaunchpoolDiscover and gain access to new token launches](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)
  * [MegadropLock your BNB and complete Web3 quests for boosted airdrop rewards](https://www.binance.com/en/megadrop)
  * [Mining PoolMine more rewards by connecting to the pool](https://pool.binance.com/en)
  * [PaySend, receive and spend crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/payment)
  * [LoansGet an instant loan secured by crypto assets](https://www.binance.com/en/loan)

  * [NFTExplore NFTs from creators worldwide](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/home)
  * [Fan TokenDiscover an all-new fandom and unlock unlimited fan experiences](https://www.binance.com/en/fan-token)
  * [Web3 WalletMeet the next-generation Web3 wallet](https://www.binance.com/en/web3wallet)
  * [BNB ChainThe most popular blockchain to build your own dApp](https://www.bnbchain.org)
  * [CharityBlockchain empowers charity to be more transparent, efficient, and traceable](https://www.binance.charity)

[Log
In](https://accounts.binance.com/en/login?loginChannel=blog&return_to=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYmluYW5jZS5jb20vZW4vYmxvZy9jb21tdW5pdHkvYWJvdmUtYW5kLWJleW9uZC1mb3ItdXNlcnMtdXBob2xkaW5nLWVjb3N5c3RlbS1pbnRlZ3JpdHktOTEwMTAwNzc4NjkwNTUyODMyMz9sYW5nPWVu)[Sign
Up](https://accounts.binance.com/en/register?registerChannel=blog&return_to=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYmluYW5jZS5jb20vZW4vYmxvZy9jb21tdW5pdHkvYWJvdmUtYW5kLWJleW9uZC1mb3ItdXNlcnMtdXBob2xkaW5nLWVjb3N5c3RlbS1pbnRlZ3JpdHktOTEwMTAwNzc4NjkwNTUyODMyMz9sYW5nPWVu)

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/images/common/logo.png)

Scan to Download App IOS & Android

[More Download
Options](https://www.binance.com/en/download?utm_source=&utm_campaign=)

##### [Binance Blog](/blog)

# Above and Beyond for Users: Upholding Ecosystem Integrity

2024-02-29

## Main Takeaways

  * In order for the blockchain ecosystem to flourish, its integrity must be protected. Through upholding ecosystem integrity, industry players can nurture user trust, thereby encouraging growth.

  * Aligned with this vision, Binance has cultivated a user-focused culture that defines everything we do. We put it into practice by helping users recover misplaced and lost digital funds whenever possible, as well as by freezing and clawing back ill-gotten funds that make their way to our platform.

  * Defending against bad actors requires the coordination of multiple parties across the ecosystem. On this front, Binance’s Security team froze and/or recovered an estimated $55 million in user funds throughout 2023.

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20240223/f9e2df88-cd51-4d5e-b3ac-
dccdebb2c675)

The rise of digital assets marked an unprecedented shift in how people
organize financial activity. With any such paradigm shift, particularly one
involving new technologies, trust becomes a key resource in securing progress
and adoption. At such critical junctures, burgeoning new ecosystems and
industries are vulnerable to bad actors looking to exploit their nascency.
Early in the history of digital finance, we witnessed some notorious crypto
fraud cases that, in turn, led to misguided perceptions of cryptocurrencies
being primarily used for crime.

To nurture the ecosystem’s growth in its still-early period, industry leaders
like Binance should use their reach and resources to lend support to other
participants in the emerging marketplace, protecting users and upholding the
integrity of the space. Since the beginning, Binance has been dedicated to
taking on this responsibility, which is an important part of our vision of
always placing users first. It remains our duty to prioritize the community
and uphold ecosystem integrity.

## Nurturing a Vibrant Ecosystem

Ecosystem integrity is what ensures that users are protected as they engage
with the world of digital assets. To uphold an ecosystem’s integrity is to
protect the members inhabiting it and thereby support its growth. With the
right tools and techniques, a leader like Binance can play a key role in this
process by protecting users from malicious attacks on the ecosystem and
mitigating the impacts of such events if they occur.

While Binance hosts its own range of platforms, products, and services, it is
only a small part of the wider global digital-asset community. From the
protocols that form the infrastructure layer to the users, developers, and
intermediaries that inhabit it, multiple entities coexist to form the global
blockchain ecosystem.

In our early days, we faced criticism for trying to secure the ecosystem’s
integrity by protecting users and recovering their funds. Critics generally
favored a more “hands-off” approach aligned with blockchain’s decentralized
nature and code-centric foundation. In a decentralized, permissionless
network, code governs the flow of funds and information rather than any
central entity. When a centralized exchange such as Binance takes on
responsibility for recovering lost funds or working to overcome the negative
effects of security breaches, its actions are sometimes seen as going against
the law of the underlying code. Yet, when the code fails, leaders in the space
must step up to secure it.

Despite the criticism, we powered on with our user focus, becoming one of the
first exchanges to establish vigilant user protections against scams, hacks,
and rug pulls, as well as proactive recovery efforts in the aftermath of such
incidents. We were also one of the first to actively [_collaborate with law
enforcement agencies_](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/community/above-and-
beyond-for-users-how-binance-helps-tackle-crime-on--and-
offline-7072508369250665645) globally to tackle crypto-related crime. The
community’s trust and support, both on and off our platform, has always fueled
our success. In turn, we continue to nurture the ecosystem, furthering this
harmonious cycle of growth.

## Helping Individuals

Navigating the world of cryptocurrency can sometimes be daunting, especially
when starting out. Sometimes, transactions don't go as planned or coins go
missing. Here lies the potential for upholding ecosystem integrity: securing
and recovering individual users’ assets. As many in the industry know,
blockchain’s immutable nature can make fund recovery difficult. Tokens sent to
the wrong address are usually lost once the transaction is complete.

Nevertheless, Binance's Customer Service (CS) team offers a [_wide range of
coin recovery services_](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/community/incorrect-
deposits-of-crypto-assets-how-to-retrieve-your-funds-2581603470758819561) for
a variety of potential mishaps. These spread across various scenarios, from
tokens failing to credit due to network issues, blockchain upgrades, or wallet
maintenance to incorrect deposits to wallets, unlisted tokens, or unsupported
networks. They also handle recovery issues related to delisted tokens, deleted
accounts, regulatory constraints, wrongly deposited coins, and even lost NFTs.

Mistakes happen, but our CS agents are there to help rectify them, making the
process safer and more user-friendly. Throughout 2022 and 2023, the team has
successfully handled 381,616 appeals, recovering and refunding to our users
some $4.35 billion worth of crypto that was deposited but not credited for
various reasons. Their efforts help create a secure trading environment even
for novice crypto users, thereby contributing to the overall ecosystem’s
integrity and robustness.

Users are the foundation of the ecosystem, and user trust is the most
important resource that fuels our innovative space. Thankfully, Binance’s CS
team is here to create a friendly and secure environment for them.

## Collective Defense

Contrary to some popular misconceptions, only a tiny portion of crypto is used
in crime-related transactions. According to [_Chainalysis’ 2024 crime
report_](https://www.chainalysis.com/blog/2024-crypto-crime-report-
introduction/) , illegal crypto transactions in 2023 only accounted for 0.34%
of total on-chain transaction volume, down from 0.42% in 2022. Still, when
crypto crime does occur, the global blockchain ecosystem rallies to combat it.

Binance’s Security team collaborates with various partners, including other
exchanges, services, blockchain analytics companies, user communities, and
more. It is often a scramble to freeze as much of the stolen funds as
possible, particularly when dealing with established criminal organizations.
These are collective defense initiatives that play a crucial role in securing
the ecosystem. Contributing to these efforts, the Binance Security team helped
to freeze and/or recover over $55 million in user funds throughout 2023.

### Hindering fraudsters

[ _Rug pulls_](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/community/know-your-scam-how-
to-avoid-and-report-crypto-rug-pull-scams-8288257673249110056) are a type of
scam where developers attract investors to their seemingly lucrative project
before suddenly abandoning it and selling or removing all its liquidity. Rug
pulls are often associated with decentralized finance (DeFi) projects and
decentralized exchanges (DEXs). While the decentralized and public nature of
these spaces allows community innovation to flourish, it can also make
policing and securing them more difficult.

On October 13, 2020, a DeFi project named [_WineSwap rug-
pulled_](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/all/keeping-defi-safu-binance-
recovers-over-$344000-from-wine-swap-exit-scam-421499824684901183) less than
an hour after its launch. Its founders made off with an estimated $345,000 in
user funds. The Binance Security team tracked the flow of funds across various
blockchains to exchanges, where funds were eventually frozen. The next day,
the team identified the suspect as a Binance user, who quickly agreed to
cooperate in returning the funds to the victims. Ultimately, with the help of
multiple parties across the ecosystem, we were able to return 99.9% of the
stolen funds to their rightful owners.

Another significant rug pull occurred on March 4, 2021, when DeFi project
Meerkat Finance disappeared a day after its launch. Fraudsters drained
investor accounts of approximately $31.5 million in tokens. After being
contacted by the BNB Chain community, Binance tracked the stolen assets across
multiple addresses. The community reported the incident, and the Binance
Security team inspected the scammer’s activities to successfully identify a
suspect. At the end of the day, over 95% of the stolen funds were recovered,
marking Binance’s largest fund recovery at the time.

More recently, in May 2023, a project named XIRTAM initiated a rug pull,
stealing an estimated $3.3 million in ETH from investors before depositing the
funds into a Binance account. Our Security team promptly froze the funds,
preventing the scammers from accessing them. Subsequently, the team analyzed
the project’s activities to identify victims, calculate losses, and make
refunds available to over 1,750 addresses. By September 2023, we had
successfully returned an estimated $2.3 million to victims, and the process
continues today.

### Combating hackers

Hackers exploit vulnerabilities in blockchains or associated platforms, such
as wallets or exchanges, to illegally access funds and data. In these types of
cases, Binance and other industry partners must act quickly to ensure these
attackers do not get away with their crimes. It is a coordinated defense
across the entire ecosystem.

In June 2022, Harmony’s Horizon bridge was hacked, with attackers stealing an
estimated $100 million in cryptocurrencies. The exploit was attributed to
Lazarus, a North Korean cybercrime group. Subsequently, the Binance Security
team assisted in tracking and freezing over $8.5 million of the stolen funds.

Another hack attributed to Lazarus occurred a year later, in June 2023, when
the non-custodial platform Atomic Wallet was hit by a staggering exploit. An
estimated 5,500 user wallets were compromised, leading to over $100 million in
stolen funds. Binance’s Security team helped track and freeze these funds as
they arrived in Binance accounts and other exchanges that we alerted. Overall,
we were able to freeze approximately $1.3 million in user funds.

Ultimately, these defensive efforts demonstrate the power of collective
action, where a multitude of moving parts come together to secure the whole.
This harmonious complexity characterizes the global blockchain ecosystem, and
it remains our duty to serve it.

## The Future of Integrity

Binance has always been driven by its dedication to users. Since day one,
users have been our highest priority, and it was this commitment that led us
to where we are now. Each of these cases highlights how we uphold ecosystem
integrity, both independently and collectively with other players in the
space. These would be impossible without our and our partners’ shared mission
of serving the ecosystem.

As we move to the next phase of global adoption, ecosystem integrity will only
become even more of a priority. Binance’s user-obsessed culture will continue
to guide us as we go above and beyond industry standards to support the
ecosystem. When integrity is secured, growth and development can flourish.

## Further Reading

  * [ _Playing by the Rules: The Crypto Compliance Landscape Today_](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/community/playing-by-the-rules-the-crypto-compliance-landscape-today-2911606196614178290)

  * [ _Above and Beyond for Users: Delivering Aid and Supporting Communities_](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/community/above-and-beyond-for-users-delivering-aid-and-supporting-communities-8106313806605223148)

  * [ _30% New Users, New SocialFi And Web3 Products, Stronger Compliance: Binance’s Year-End Report is Here_](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/ecosystem/30-new-users-new-socialfi-and-web3-products-stronger-compliance-binances-yearend-report-is-here-5457065071414454523)

194,973,881 users chose us. Find out why today.

Register Now

Like this post

###### Share Post

Article Outlines

Above and Beyond for Users: Upholding Ecosystem Integrity

Main Takeaways

Nurturing a Vibrant Ecosystem

Helping Individuals

Collective Defense

The Future of Integrity

Further Reading

194,973,881 users chose us. Find out why today.

Register Now

### Community

[](https://discord.gg/jE4wt8g2H2)[](https://www.binance.com/en/community)[](https://www.tiktok.com/@binance?lang=en)[](https://www.facebook.com/binance)[](https://twitter.com/binance)[](https://www.reddit.com/r/binance)[](https://www.instagram.com/Binance/)[](https://coinmarketcap.com/exchanges/binance/)[](https://www.youtube.com/binanceyoutube)[](https://www.binance.com/en/community)

USD-$

USD-$

AED-د.إ

ARS-ARS$

AUD-A$

BDT-৳

BGN-лв

BHD-.د.ب

BOB-$b

BRL-R$

CAD-C$

CHF-CHF

CNY-¥

COP-COL$

CZK-Kč

DKK-KR

EGP-E£

EUR-€

GBP-£

HKD-HKD

HRK-kn

HUF-Ft

IDR-Rp

INR-₹

JPY-¥

KES-KSh

KWD-ك.د

KZT-₸

MAD-م.د.

MNT-₮

MXN-Mex$

NZD-NZ$

OMR-ر.ع.

PEN-S/.

PHP-₱

PKR-₨

PLN-zł

QAR-ر.ق

RON-lei

RUB-₽

SAR-ر.س

SEK-kr

THB-฿

TRY-₺

TWD-NT$

UAH-₴

UGX-USh

VES-Bs

VND-₫

ZAR-R

Theme

USD

Theme

### About Us

  * [About](https://www.binance.com/en/about)
  * [Careers](https://www.binance.com/en/careers)
  * [Announcements](https://www.binance.com/en/support/announcement)
  * [News](https://www.binance.com/en/square/news/all)
  * [Press](https://www.binance.com/en/press)
  * [Legal](https://www.binance.com/en/legal/home)
  * [Terms](https://www.binance.com/en/terms)
  * [Privacy](https://www.binance.com/en/about-legal/privacy-portal)
  * [Building Trust](https://www.binance.com/en/land/building_trust)
  * [Blog](https://www.binance.com/en/blog)
  * [Community](https://www.binance.com/en/community)
  * [Sitemap](https://www.binance.com/en/country-region-selector)
  * [Risk Warning](https://www.binance.com/en/risk-warning)
  * [Notices](https://www.binance.com/en/support/list/notices)
  * [Downloads](https://www.binance.com/en/download)
  * [Desktop Application](https://www.binance.com/en/desktop-download)

### Products

  * [Exchange](https://www.binance.com/en/trade)
  * [Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/buy-sell-crypto)
  * [Leveraged Tokens](https://www.binance.com/en/leveraged-tokens/tokens/allTokens)
  * [TradingView](https://www.binance.com/en/land/tradingview)
  * [Pay](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/payment)
  * [Academy](https://academy.binance.com/en)
  * [Live](https://www.binance.com/en/live)
  * [Tax](https://www.binance.com/en/tax)
  * [Gift Card](https://www.binance.com/en/gift-card)
  * [Launchpad & Launchpool](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)
  * [Auto-Invest](https://www.binance.com/en/auto-invest)
  * [ETH Staking](https://www.binance.com/en/eth2)
  * [NFT](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/home)
  * [BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/bnb)
  * [BABT](https://www.binance.com/en/BABT?source=footer)
  * [Research](https://www.binance.com/en/research)
  * [Charity](https://www.binance.charity)

### Business

  * [P2P Merchant Application](https://c2c.binance.com/en/merchantApplication)
  * [P2Pro Merchant Application](https://p2p.binance.com/en/p2pro)
  * [Listing Application](https://www.binance.com/en/my/coin-apply)
  * [Institutional & VIP Services](https://www.binance.com/en/vip-institutional-services)
  * [Labs](https://labs.binance.com/)

### Learn

  * [Learn & Earn](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn)
  * [Browse Crypto Prices](https://www.binance.com/en/price)
  * [Bitcoin Price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/bitcoin)
  * [Ethereum Price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/ethereum)
  * [Browse Crypto Price Predictions](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction)
  * [Bitcoin Price Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction/bitcoin)
  * [Ethereum Price Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction/ethereum)
  * [Buy Bitcoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bitcoin)
  * [Buy BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bnb)
  * [Buy Ripple](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/xrp)
  * [Buy Dogecoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/dogecoin)
  * [Buy Ethereum](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/ethereum)
  * [Buy Tradable Altcoins](https://www.binance.com/en/altcoins/tradable)

### Service

  * [Affiliate](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/affiliate)
  * [Referral](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/referral?utm_source=Lite_web_footer)
  * [OTC Trading](https://www.binance.com/en/otc)
  * [Historical Market Data](https://www.binance.com/en/landing/data)
  * [Proof of Reserves](https://www.binance.com/en/proof-of-reserves)

### Support

  * [24/7 Chat Support](https://www.binance.com/en/chat?sourceEntry=4)
  * [Support Center](https://www.binance.com/en/support)
  * [Product Feedback & Suggestions](https://www.binance.com/en/my/user-support/feedback/entry)
  * [Fees](https://www.binance.com/en/fee/schedule)
  * [APIs](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-api)
  * [Binance Verify](https://www.binance.com/en/official-verification)
  * [Trading Rules](https://www.binance.com/en/trade-rule)
  * [Binance Airdrop Portal](https://www.binance.com/en/airdrop)
  * [Law Enforcement Requests](https://www.binance.com/en/support/law-enforcement)

Binance© 2024Cookie Preferences

