[](https://www.binance.com/en)

[Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/crypto/buy)

[Markets](https://www.binance.com/en/markets/overview)

Trade

Basic

  * [SpotBuy and sell on the Spot market with advanced tools](https://www.binance.com/en/trade/BTC_USDT?type=spot)
  * [MarginIncrease your profits with leverage](https://www.binance.com/en/trade?type=cross)
  * [P2PBuy & sell cryptocurrencies using bank transfer and 800+ options](https://p2p.binance.com/en)
  * [Convert & Block TradeThe easiest way to trade at all sizes](https://www.binance.com/en/convert)

Advanced

  * [Trading BotsTrade smarter with our various automated strategies - easy, fast and reliable](https://www.binance.com/en/trading-bots)
  * [Copy TradingFollow the most popular traders](https://www.binance.com/en/copy-trading)
  * [APIsUnlimited opportunities with one key](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-api)

[Futures](https://www.binance.com/en/futures/home)

  * [USDⓈ-M FuturesContracts settled in USDT and USDC](https://www.binance.com/en/futures)
  * [COIN-M FuturesContracts settled in cryptocurrency](https://www.binance.com/en/delivery)
  * [OptionsUSDT Options with limited downside and affordable entry](https://www.binance.com/en/eoptions)

[Earn](https://www.binance.com/en/earn)

[Square](https://www.binance.com/en/square)

  * [SquareStay informed with everything crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/square)
  * [Academy (Learn & Earn)Earn crypto by learning about blockchain](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn)
  * [BlogExpand your knowledge and get the latest insights](https://www.binance.com/en/blog)
  * [ResearchInstitutional-grade analysis, in-depth insights, and more](https://www.binance.com/en/research)

More

  * [VIP & InstitutionalYour trusted digital asset platform for VIPs and institutions](https://www.binance.com/en/vip-institutional-services)
  * [Launchpad & LaunchpoolDiscover and gain access to new token launches](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)
  * [MegadropLock your BNB and complete Web3 quests for boosted airdrop rewards](https://www.binance.com/en/megadrop)
  * [Mining PoolMine more rewards by connecting to the pool](https://pool.binance.com/en)
  * [PaySend, receive and spend crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/payment)
  * [LoansGet an instant loan secured by crypto assets](https://www.binance.com/en/loan)

  * [NFTExplore NFTs from creators worldwide](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/home)
  * [Fan TokenDiscover an all-new fandom and unlock unlimited fan experiences](https://www.binance.com/en/fan-token)
  * [Web3 WalletMeet the next-generation Web3 wallet](https://www.binance.com/en/web3wallet)
  * [BNB ChainThe most popular blockchain to build your own dApp](https://www.bnbchain.org)
  * [CharityBlockchain empowers charity to be more transparent, efficient, and traceable](https://www.binance.charity)

[Log
In](https://accounts.binance.com/en/login?loginChannel=blog&return_to=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYmluYW5jZS5jb20vZW4vYmxvZy9naWZ0LWNhcmQvYWxsLXlvdS1uZWVkLXRvLWtub3ctYWJvdXQtbmZ0LWdpZnQtY2FyZHMtLXRoZS11bHRpbWF0ZS1ndWlkZS02NDcxMzY0NTkxMTE3MDk1MTY4P2xhbmc9ZW4%3D)[Sign
Up](https://accounts.binance.com/en/register?registerChannel=blog&return_to=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYmluYW5jZS5jb20vZW4vYmxvZy9naWZ0LWNhcmQvYWxsLXlvdS1uZWVkLXRvLWtub3ctYWJvdXQtbmZ0LWdpZnQtY2FyZHMtLXRoZS11bHRpbWF0ZS1ndWlkZS02NDcxMzY0NTkxMTE3MDk1MTY4P2xhbmc9ZW4%3D)

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/images/common/logo.png)

Scan to Download App IOS & Android

[More Download
Options](https://www.binance.com/en/download?utm_source=&utm_campaign=)

##### [Binance Blog](/blog)

# All You Need to Know About NFT Gift Cards – the Ultimate Guide

2022-09-17

## Main Takeaways

  * Binance’s NFT gift card is the first ever NFT gift card. 

  * With the launch of Binance NFT gift cards, project teams can use gift cards to reach new audiences. 

  * NFT gift cards are a great way for project teams to cultivate their brand and engage their community. Moreover, they provide a user-friendly point of entry for those new to the NFT space.  

_Discover the first-ever NFT gift card on Binance Gift
Card._![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20220915/8f42e396-edf9-4c79-9667-09ef1f90cc30)

From Beeple's [EVERYDAYS: THE FIRST 5000
DAYS](https://www.binance.com/en/news/top/2872257) selling for a jaw-dropping
$69.3 million at a Christie’s auction to supermodel Bella Hadid releasing a
collection of 11,111 NFTs with reBASE, it’s apparent that NFTs have captured
the attention of the masses and become one of the hottest topics in the
digital sphere. With the rise in popularity of NFTs in the past couple of
years, adding NFT designs to our gallery of Binance Gift Cards was a natural
progression.

To take our Binance Gift Card x NFT branding program a step further, we’ve
launched  NFT gift cards – the first of its kind in the industry! Keep on
reading to learn more about our innovative new launch and our first NFT gift
card partner.

## What is an NFT Gift Card?

Short for non-fungible tokens, NFTs are tokens issued on a blockchain and
represent ownership of unique digital assets. Common NFT use cases include
art, collectibles, and music. The metadata of each NFT is stored on a
blockchain, ensuring verifiable proof of ownership and the token's uniqueness.

NFT gift cards are digital gift cards that contain NFTs instead of fiat
currencies. And like any digital gift card, NFT gift cards are borderless,
making them a versatile gift for any occasion.

## Benefits of NFT Gift Cards

### Increase brand awareness

Showcase your project to millions of crypto users by making your NFT
collection accessible via an NFT gift card. As our partner, you’ll have the
chance to be featured on our homepage banner or in our Popular Cards section,
which features the latest trending card designs.

### A friendly way to spread NFT adoption

Although NFTs are a new concept to most, they make unique and unconventional
gifts, especially for tech-savvy individuals who want to dip their toes into
the NFT space.

NFT gift cards are an easy way for users to share the gift of NFTs with those
interested in the space, and Binance NFT Gift Cards can be sent to non-Binance
users with zero fees.

### Innovative and unique

Binance NFT Gift Cards are the first of their kind, perfect for those who may
be struggling to find unique gifts. What’s more, they also make great gifts
for NFT enthusiasts, crypto lovers and investors.

## Our First NFT Gift Card Partner – Punk Wolves

The Punk Wolves NFT Gift Card will launch on 17 September, 2022.

Punk Wolves is a new collection from Mongol NFT and is part of their Wolves'
Society Collectibles. A total of 2,222 Punk Wolves will be created and 500 of
them will be sold as NFT Gift Cards, which you can redeem on Binance.

Please note that there is no tier differentiation among the 500 Punk Wolves —
each NFT gift card will be redeemable to a unique Punk Wolf.

[![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20220915/95eaa045-266e-4890-a96f-62a4d6221200)](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/gift-
card/)

## How to Distribute or Sell an NFT in the Form of an NFT Gift Card

As of the initial phase, our NFT gift cards are only available for certain
project collaborations. If you’re interested in distributing or selling your
NFTs via Binance NFT Gift Cards, please contact
[giftcard@binance.com](mailto:giftcard@binance.com) with a brief and the
details of your collection.

To learn more about Binance Gift Card, you can also refer to our helpful links
below:

  * (FAQ) [How Do I Redeem a Gift Card?](https://www.binance.com/en/support/faq/277bb1edbce74f8eb91dd058f3066b8c)

  * (FAQ) [How to Redeem and Convert Binance Gift Cards to Fiat Currency?](https://www.binance.com/en/support/faq/db265dbdbf084f72994c35ffe2227cf6)

  * (FAQ) [How to Create and Send a Gift Card?](https://www.binance.com/en/support/faq/d4f5b489c5064322826f202a2bd88d30)

  * (FAQ) [How do I Refer a Friend with a Gift Card?](https://www.binance.com/en/support/faq/d32c4036520b4037ad8d159cbfc92451)

_Binance reserves the right in its sole discretion to amend or remove this
blog without prior notice at any time and for any reason._

_**Risk disclaimer**_ _: Cryptocurrency prices are subject to high market risk
and price volatility. You should only invest in products that you are familiar
with and where you understand the associated risks. You should carefully
consider your investment experience, financial situation, investment
objectives and risk tolerance, and consult an independent financial adviser
prior to making any investment. This material should not be construed as
financial advice. Past performance is not a reliable indicator of future
performance. The value of your investment can go down as well as up, and you
may not get back the amount you invested. You are solely responsible for your
investment decisions. Binance is not responsible for any losses you may incur.
For more information, please refer to our_[terms of
use](https://www.binance.com/en/terms) _and_[risk
warning](https://www.binance.com/en/risk-warning) _._

194,975,006 users chose us. Find out why today.

Register Now

Like this post

###### Share Post

Article Outlines

All You Need to Know About NFT Gift Cards – the Ultimate Guide

Main Takeaways

What is an NFT Gift Card?

Benefits of NFT Gift Cards

Our First NFT Gift Card Partner – Punk Wolves

How to Distribute or Sell an NFT in the Form of an NFT Gift Card

194,975,006 users chose us. Find out why today.

Register Now

### Community

[](https://discord.gg/jE4wt8g2H2)[](https://www.binance.com/en/community)[](https://www.tiktok.com/@binance?lang=en)[](https://www.facebook.com/binance)[](https://twitter.com/binance)[](https://www.reddit.com/r/binance)[](https://www.instagram.com/Binance/)[](https://coinmarketcap.com/exchanges/binance/)[](https://www.youtube.com/binanceyoutube)[](https://www.binance.com/en/community)

English

English

العربية

العربية (البحرين)

български

Čeština

Dansk

Deutsch (Schweiz)

Ελληνικά

English (UAE)

English (Australia)

English (Bahrain)

English (India)

English (Japan)

English (Kazakhstan)

English (Nigeria)

English (New Zealand)

English (South Africa)

Español (España)

Español (Argentina)

Español (Latinoamérica)

Español (México)

Français

Français (Afrique)

magyar nyelv

Bahasa Indonesia

Italiano

日本語

Қазақша (Қазақстан)

Қазақша

ລາວ

latviešu valoda

Polski

Português

Português (Brasil)

Română

Русский

Русский (Казахстан)

Русский (Украина)

සිංහල

Slovenčina

Slovenščina

Svenska

Türkçe

Українська

Tiếng Việt

简体中文

繁體中文

USD-$

USD-$

AED-د.إ

ARS-ARS$

AUD-A$

BDT-৳

BGN-лв

BHD-.د.ب

BOB-$b

BRL-R$

CAD-C$

CHF-CHF

CNY-¥

COP-COL$

CZK-Kč

DKK-KR

EGP-E£

EUR-€

GBP-£

HKD-HKD

HRK-kn

HUF-Ft

IDR-Rp

INR-₹

JPY-¥

KES-KSh

KWD-ك.د

KZT-₸

MAD-م.د.

MNT-₮

MXN-Mex$

NZD-NZ$

OMR-ر.ع.

PEN-S/.

PHP-₱

PKR-₨

PLN-zł

QAR-ر.ق

RON-lei

RUB-₽

SAR-ر.س

SEK-kr

THB-฿

TRY-₺

TWD-NT$

UAH-₴

UGX-USh

VES-Bs

VND-₫

ZAR-R

Theme

English

USD

Theme

### About Us

  * [About](https://www.binance.com/en/about)
  * [Careers](https://www.binance.com/en/careers)
  * [Announcements](https://www.binance.com/en/support/announcement)
  * [News](https://www.binance.com/en/square/news/all)
  * [Press](https://www.binance.com/en/press)
  * [Legal](https://www.binance.com/en/legal/home)
  * [Terms](https://www.binance.com/en/terms)
  * [Privacy](https://www.binance.com/en/about-legal/privacy-portal)
  * [Building Trust](https://www.binance.com/en/land/building_trust)
  * [Blog](https://www.binance.com/en/blog)
  * [Community](https://www.binance.com/en/community)
  * [Sitemap](https://www.binance.com/en/country-region-selector)
  * [Risk Warning](https://www.binance.com/en/risk-warning)
  * [Notices](https://www.binance.com/en/support/list/notices)
  * [Downloads](https://www.binance.com/en/download)
  * [Desktop Application](https://www.binance.com/en/desktop-download)

### Products

  * [Exchange](https://www.binance.com/en/trade)
  * [Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/buy-sell-crypto)
  * [Leveraged Tokens](https://www.binance.com/en/leveraged-tokens/tokens/allTokens)
  * [TradingView](https://www.binance.com/en/land/tradingview)
  * [Pay](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/payment)
  * [Academy](https://academy.binance.com/en)
  * [Live](https://www.binance.com/en/live)
  * [Tax](https://www.binance.com/en/tax)
  * [Gift Card](https://www.binance.com/en/gift-card)
  * [Launchpad & Launchpool](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)
  * [Auto-Invest](https://www.binance.com/en/auto-invest)
  * [ETH Staking](https://www.binance.com/en/eth2)
  * [NFT](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/home)
  * [BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/bnb)
  * [BABT](https://www.binance.com/en/BABT?source=footer)
  * [Research](https://www.binance.com/en/research)
  * [Charity](https://www.binance.charity)

### Business

  * [P2P Merchant Application](https://c2c.binance.com/en/merchantApplication)
  * [P2Pro Merchant Application](https://p2p.binance.com/en/p2pro)
  * [Listing Application](https://www.binance.com/en/my/coin-apply)
  * [Institutional & VIP Services](https://www.binance.com/en/vip-institutional-services)
  * [Labs](https://labs.binance.com/)

### Learn

  * [Learn & Earn](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn)
  * [Browse Crypto Prices](https://www.binance.com/en/price)
  * [Bitcoin Price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/bitcoin)
  * [Ethereum Price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/ethereum)
  * [Browse Crypto Price Predictions](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction)
  * [Bitcoin Price Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction/bitcoin)
  * [Ethereum Price Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction/ethereum)
  * [Buy Bitcoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bitcoin)
  * [Buy BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bnb)
  * [Buy Ripple](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/xrp)
  * [Buy Dogecoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/dogecoin)
  * [Buy Ethereum](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/ethereum)
  * [Buy Tradable Altcoins](https://www.binance.com/en/altcoins/tradable)

### Service

  * [Affiliate](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/affiliate)
  * [Referral](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/referral?utm_source=Lite_web_footer)
  * [OTC Trading](https://www.binance.com/en/otc)
  * [Historical Market Data](https://www.binance.com/en/landing/data)
  * [Proof of Reserves](https://www.binance.com/en/proof-of-reserves)

### Support

  * [24/7 Chat Support](https://www.binance.com/en/chat?sourceEntry=4)
  * [Support Center](https://www.binance.com/en/support)
  * [Product Feedback & Suggestions](https://www.binance.com/en/my/user-support/feedback/entry)
  * [Fees](https://www.binance.com/en/fee/schedule)
  * [APIs](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-api)
  * [Binance Verify](https://www.binance.com/en/official-verification)
  * [Trading Rules](https://www.binance.com/en/trade-rule)
  * [Binance Airdrop Portal](https://www.binance.com/en/airdrop)
  * [Law Enforcement Requests](https://www.binance.com/en/support/law-enforcement)

Binance© 2024Cookie Preferences

