  * **Wallet**[**Mobile App** The world of Web3 in your pocket](/download)[**Browser Extension** An optimized Web3 experience for desktop](/browser-extension)
  * **Features**[**Swaps** Swap securely and seamlessly](/swap)[**Staking** Earn crypto rewards while securing networks](/staking)[**NFTs** Explore the world of NFTs](/nft)[**Security** Learn how we keep your assets & Web3 journey safe](/security)[**Buy Crypto** Buy crypto in under five minutes](/buy-crypto)[**SWIFT: Smart Contract Wallet** Explore Web3 easily with account abstraction features](/swift)
  * **Build**[**Developer Docs** Get guides for building powerful Web3 applications](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/)[**Wallet Core** Open-source, mobile-focused crypto wallet library](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/wallet-core)[**Submit dApp** Get your dApp in front of millions](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-dapps)[**Get assets listed** Elevate your asset’s exposure](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-assets)
  * **Support**[**FAQ** Get answers to your most pressing questions](https://community.trustwallet.com/c/helpcenter/8)[**Community Forum** Connect with our vibrant and diverse community](https://community.trustwallet.com/)[**Contact Us** Reach out for personalized support](https://support.trustwallet.com/en/support/home)
  * **About**[**About Us** Discover who we are and what drives us](/about-us)[**Careers** Join us in shaping the future of Web3](/careers)[**Press Kit** Download our official logo and other media assets](/press)[**Blog** Stay up-to-date on Web3 trends and insights](/blog)[**Terms of Service** What you need to know to use our services](/terms-of-service)[**Privacy Policy** Your privacy matters, learn how we protect it](/privacy-policy)

DarkLightLanguage

[Download Trust Wallet](/download)

[](/)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.4edbb099.svg)[**Mobile App** The world
of Web3 in your pocket](/download)[**Browser Extension** An optimized Web3
experience for desktop](/browser-extension)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.e7c57d68.svg)[**Swaps** Swap securely
and seamlessly](/swap)[**Staking** Earn crypto rewards while securing
networks](/staking)[**NFTs** Explore the world of NFTs](/nft)[**Security**
Learn how we keep your assets & Web3 journey safe](/security)[**Buy Crypto**
Buy crypto in under five minutes](/buy-crypto)[**SWIFT: Smart Contract
Wallet** Explore Web3 easily with account abstraction features](/swift)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.b373ab3f.svg)[**Developer Docs** Get
guides for building powerful Web3
applications](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/)[**Wallet Core**
Open-source, mobile-focused crypto wallet
library](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/wallet-core)[**Submit
dApp** Get your dApp in front of
millions](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-dapps)[**Get
assets listed** Elevate your asset’s
exposure](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-assets)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.1211abf0.svg)[**FAQ** Get answers to
your most pressing
questions](https://community.trustwallet.com/c/helpcenter/8)[**Community
Forum** Connect with our vibrant and diverse
community](https://community.trustwallet.com/)[**Contact Us** Reach out for
personalized support](https://support.trustwallet.com/en/support/home)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.9a6dd06f.svg)[**About Us** Discover who
we are and what drives us](/about-us)[**Careers** Join us in shaping the
future of Web3](/careers)[**Press Kit** Download our official logo and other
media assets](/press)[**Blog** Stay up-to-date on Web3 trends and
insights](/blog)[**Terms of Service** What you need to know to use our
services](/terms-of-service)[**Privacy Policy** Your privacy matters, learn
how we protect it](/privacy-policy)

[](/)

WalletFeaturesBuildSupportAbout

Language

[Download](/download)

[Home](/)  >  [Blog](/blog)  >  [Blockchain](/blog?category=Blockchain)  >
[The Zeus Network: Empowering Apps Between Solana and Bitcoin](/blog/the-zeus-
network-empowering-apps-between-solana-bitcoin)

##### Blockchain

# The Zeus Network: Empowering Apps Between Solana and Bitcoin

Published on: Apr 12, 2024

##### Share post

[](https://facebook.com/trustwalletapp)[](https://github.com/trustwallet)[](https://instagram.com/trustwallet)[](https://twitter.com/trustwallet)[](https://discord.gg/trustwallet)[](https://reddit.com/r/trustapp)[](https://t.me/trustwallet)

  * **What is Zeus Network?**
  * **Benefits of Zeus Network**
  * **Zeus Network Opportunities for Developers**
  * **ZEUS Token Overview**
  * **How to Add ZEUS to Trust Wallet**

##### In Brief

Explore the Zeus Network and ZEUS token on Solana. Read our beginner's guide
for insights on how Zeus Network brings Bitcoin and Solana together.

![The Zeus Network: Empowering Apps Between Solana and
Bitcoin](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fzeus_network_solana_b3c6674646.png&w=3840&q=75)

The world of Decentralized Finance (DeFi) has gained a lot more attention in
recent years, offering innovative financial instruments without the need for
traditional intermediaries. Many DeFi applications, however, are limited by
the scalability and speed of the blockchains they operate on. Bitcoin, for
example, boasts unparalleled security, but struggles with slow transaction
speed. This is where [Solana](https://trustwallet.com/blog/understanding-the-
solana-ecosystem-beginners-guide) steps in.

So in this guide, we explore the intricacies of Zeus Network, and how it
connects Solana and Bitcoin to bring value to both ecosystems.

### Before You Get Started

Before you explore Zeus Network, remember that you can deposit, manage,
[buy](https://trustwallet.com/buy-crypto), and sell some of the top
cryptocurrencies, including Bitcoin and Solana, using Trust Wallet.

Trust Wallet lets you manage and interact with 10M+ crypto assets across 100+
blockchains. You can also store your Bitcoin and Solana in your secure
[Bitcoin wallet](https://trustwallet.com/bitcoin-wallet) or your [Solana
wallet](https://trustwallet.com/solana-wallet). Download the latest version of
Trust Wallet today.

_**Note:** At time of writing, the Zeus Network and ZEUS token are still
considered very new and experimental. Please proceed with caution and be sure
to do your own research before interacting with ZEUS or any asset._

[![Download-Trust-Wallet-Button.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2FDownload_Trust_Wallet_Button_3b2b015a21.png&w=3840&q=75)](https://short.trustwallet.com/TW-
blog)

## What is Zeus Network?

Zeus Network is a game-changer for the [DeFi](https://trustwallet.com)
landscape. It functions as a permissionless communication layer, acting as a
bridge between the robust security of the Bitcoin blockchain and the rapid
transaction processing of Solana. This innovative solution allows [DeFi
applications](https://trustwallet.com) built on Solana to seamlessly access
the vast liquidity pool of [Bitcoin](https://trustwallet.com/bitcoin-wallet).

Developers can create a wide range of applications on Zeus Network, seamlessly
linking [Solana](https://trustwallet.com/solana-wallet) and Bitcoin. This
innovative approach unlocks a world of possibilities, from DeFi apps to secure
and efficient financial services.

![zeus-network-solana-1.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fzeus_network_solana_1_986a31f5eb.png&w=3840&q=75)

## Benefits of Zeus Network

Zeus Network bridges the gap between the DeFi potential of Solana and the vast
liquidity of Bitcoin, unlocking a new era of possibilities for decentralized
finance. Here's how:

### Increased Liquidity

Traditional DeFi applications on Solana can face liquidity issues. Zeus
Network unlocks the massive liquidity pool of Bitcoin. This allows DeFi
applications on Solana to tap into a wealth of resources, fostering deeper
financial innovation and more complex financial products.

### Faster Transactions

While Bitcoin boasts unparalleled security, its transaction processing can be
slow. Here's where Solana shines. Solana's fast transaction speed allows DeFi
applications built on its platform to execute transactions at lightning speed.
Zeus Network seamlessly connects these two worlds, enabling users to leverage
Bitcoin's liquidity with the rapid transaction processing offered by Solana.

### Enhanced Security

Security remains paramount in the DeFi space. By leveraging the existing
security protocols of the Bitcoin blockchain, Zeus Network ensures the safety
of user's Bitcoin assets. They remain securely locked on the Bitcoin
blockchain, while their value is transferred to the Solana ecosystem through
Zeus Network's secure communication layer. This innovative approach eliminates
the security risks associated with wrapped tokens and bridge hacks, providing
users with peace of mind.

In essence, Zeus Network offers the best of both worlds: the rock-solid
security of Bitcoin and the lightning-fast processing power of Solana. By
eliminating barriers between Solana and Bitcoin, Zeus Network opens a treasure
trove of possibilities for developers. They can now create a diverse range of
applications and services, fostering the growth of a vibrant and innovative
ecosystem.

## Zeus Network Opportunities for Developers

The Zeus Network ecosystem offers a wide array of opportunities for founders
and developers to explore and build upon. Some key components include:

### Native Stake / Wrap Bitcoin with Solana DeFi Yield (Chapter APOLLO)

This feature allows users to stake or wrap Bitcoin within the Solana
ecosystem, thereby accessing decentralized finance (DeFi) yield opportunities.

### Liquidity Tranche of Bribery System (Chapter ARTEMIS)

ARTEMIS facilitates the seamless transfer of liquidity between Solana and
Bitcoin networks, enhancing overall liquidity provision within the ecosystem.

### Native Bitcoin Collateral Stablecoin on Solana

Users can leverage their Bitcoin holdings as collateral to mint stablecoins on
the Solana blockchain, unlocking additional liquidity and utility.

### Native & Cross-Chain NFT Tools between Bitcoin and Solana

Zeus Network facilitates the creation and exchange of non-fungible tokens
(NFTs) across both Bitcoin and Solana networks, opening up new avenues for
digital asset ownership and expression.

### Native & Borrow / Lending from Bitcoin Layers to Solana

This feature enables borrowing and lending activities between Bitcoin and
Solana networks, fostering liquidity provision and capital efficiency.

## ZEUS Token Overview

The ZEUS token is the native token of the Zeus Network ecosystem, playing a
critical role in its operation and governance. ZEUS has a max supply of 1
billion tokens. Here's how ZEUS tokens empower users and developers:

![zeus-network-solana-2.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fzeus_network_solana_2_9ea7305d31.png&w=3840&q=75)

### Governance

ZEUS token holders have a say in the future of Zeus Network. They can
participate in crucial governance decisions, voting on proposals that shape
the network's development, upgrades, and direction. This ensures a community-
driven approach where users have a vested interest in the network's success.

### Network Fees

ZEUS tokens are the primary currency used to pay for transaction fees within
the Zeus Network. These fees compensate users who contribute to the network's
security and smooth operation.

### Accessing Network Features

ZEUS tokens act as a key that unlocks various functionalities within the Zeus
Network. They may be required to access specific network features or utilize
advanced services offered by the platform.

### Potential for Future Incentives

Zeus Network participants may receive incentives in the form of ZEUS tokens
for contributing to the network's growth and functionality. This could include
rewards for providing liquidity, staking tokens, or participating in community
initiatives.

## How to Add ZEUS to Trust Wallet

Important note before you continue: As previously mentioned, at time of
writing ZEUS is still very new, so we encourage you to proceed with caution.
We’re providing the information below so you’re aware of the official contract
address noted on CoinMarketCap as well as the official Zeus Network website.

That said, here’s how you can add ZEUS to Trust Wallet.

  * Open the Trust Wallet mobile app.

  * Click on the “manage crypto” icon on the top right of your screen.

  * Tap the “+” icon on the top right of your screen.

  * Select the Solana network.

  * Go to CoinMarketCap for the official contract address and copy it: [https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/zeus-network/](https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/zeus-network/)

  * Paste in the contract address.

  * Enter the token name “Zeus Network,” token symbol “ZEUS,” and token decimals “6”

  * Click “import.”

Be sure to see the [official Zues website](https://zeusnetwork.xyz/) for more
detailed information about its token and ecosystem.

Also, remember that in addition to ZEUS, Trust Wallet lets you manage and
interact with 10M+ crypto assets across 100+ blockchains. Download the latest
version of Trust Wallet today.

[![Download-Trust-Wallet-Button.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2FDownload_Trust_Wallet_Button_3b2b015a21.png&w=3840&q=75)](https://short.trustwallet.com/TW-
blog)

Join the Trust Wallet community on [Telegram](https://rebrand.ly/TW-Telegram-
Announcements) Follow us on [X (formerly Twitter)](https://rebrand.ly/TW-
Twitter-Blog) [Instagram](https://rebrand.ly/TW-Insta-Blog)
[Facebook](https://rebrand.ly/TW-FB-Blog) [Reddit](https://rebrand.ly/TW-
Reddit-Blog) [Warpcast](https://warpcast.com/trustwalletapp)

> **Note:** Any cited numbers, figures, or illustrations are reported at the
> time of writing, and are subject to change.

#### Simple and convenient to use, seamless to explore

[Download Trust Wallet](/download)

##### Stay Connected:

[](https://facebook.com/trustwalletapp)[](https://github.com/trustwallet)[](https://instagram.com/trustwallet)[](https://twitter.com/trustwallet)[](https://discord.gg/trustwallet)[](https://reddit.com/r/trustapp)[](https://t.me/trustwallet)

  * **Wallet**[Mobile App](/download)[Browser Extension](/browser-extension)
  * **Features**[Buy Crypto](/buy-crypto)[Swaps](/swap)[Staking](/staking)[NFTs](/nft)[Security](/security)[SWIFT: Smart Contract Wallet](/swift)
  * **Build**[Developer Docs](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/)[Wallet Core](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/wallet-core)[Submit dApp](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-dapps)[Get assets listed](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-assets)
  * **Support**[FAQ](https://community.trustwallet.com/c/helpcenter/8)[Community Forum](https://community.trustwallet.com/)[Contact Us](https://support.trustwallet.com/en/support/home)
  * **About**[About Us](/about-us)[Careers](/careers)[Press Kit](/press)[Terms of Service](/terms-of-service)[Privacy Policy](/privacy-policy)[Blog](/blog)
  * ![A-LIGN ISO 27701](/_next/static/media/image.8354ab2c.svg)![A-LIGN ISO 27001](/_next/static/media/image.7f0b3bc9.svg)

**Download Trust Wallet**

The most trusted & secure crypto wallet.

[Download for iOS](https://apps.apple.com/app/apple-
store/id1288339409?mt=8)[Download
Extension![Chrome](/_next/static/media/raw.7dd85797.svg)](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/trust-
wallet/egjidjbpglichdcondbcbdnbeeppgdph)[Download APK](/download/apk)[Download
for Android![App
Store](/_next/image?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Fimage.5ee64b2e.png&w=256&q=75)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.wallet.crypto.trustapp)

