[](https://www.binance.com/en)

[Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/crypto/buy)

[Markets](https://www.binance.com/en/markets/overview)

Trade

Basic

  * [SpotBuy and sell on the Spot market with advanced tools](https://www.binance.com/en/trade/BTC_USDT?type=spot)
  * [MarginIncrease your profits with leverage](https://www.binance.com/en/trade?type=cross)
  * [P2PBuy & sell cryptocurrencies using bank transfer and 800+ options](https://p2p.binance.com/en)
  * [Convert & Block TradeThe easiest way to trade at all sizes](https://www.binance.com/en/convert)

Advanced

  * [Trading BotsTrade smarter with our various automated strategies - easy, fast and reliable](https://www.binance.com/en/trading-bots)
  * [Copy TradingFollow the most popular traders](https://www.binance.com/en/copy-trading)
  * [APIsUnlimited opportunities with one key](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-api)

[Futures](https://www.binance.com/en/futures/home)

  * [USDⓈ-M FuturesContracts settled in USDT and USDC](https://www.binance.com/en/futures)
  * [COIN-M FuturesContracts settled in cryptocurrency](https://www.binance.com/en/delivery)
  * [OptionsUSDT Options with limited downside and affordable entry](https://www.binance.com/en/eoptions)

[Earn](https://www.binance.com/en/earn)

[Square](https://www.binance.com/en/square)

  * [SquareStay informed with everything crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/square)
  * [Academy (Learn & Earn)Earn crypto by learning about blockchain](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn)
  * [BlogExpand your knowledge and get the latest insights](https://www.binance.com/en/blog)
  * [ResearchInstitutional-grade analysis, in-depth insights, and more](https://www.binance.com/en/research)

More

  * [VIP & InstitutionalYour trusted digital asset platform for VIPs and institutions](https://www.binance.com/en/vip-institutional-services)
  * [Launchpad & LaunchpoolDiscover and gain access to new token launches](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)
  * [MegadropLock your BNB and complete Web3 quests for boosted airdrop rewards](https://www.binance.com/en/megadrop)
  * [Mining PoolMine more rewards by connecting to the pool](https://pool.binance.com/en)
  * [PaySend, receive and spend crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/payment)
  * [LoansGet an instant loan secured by crypto assets](https://www.binance.com/en/loan)

  * [NFTExplore NFTs from creators worldwide](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/home)
  * [Fan TokenDiscover an all-new fandom and unlock unlimited fan experiences](https://www.binance.com/en/fan-token)
  * [Web3 WalletMeet the next-generation Web3 wallet](https://www.binance.com/en/web3wallet)
  * [BNB ChainThe most popular blockchain to build your own dApp](https://www.bnbchain.org)
  * [CharityBlockchain empowers charity to be more transparent, efficient, and traceable](https://www.binance.charity)

[Log
In](https://accounts.binance.com/en/login?loginChannel=blog&return_to=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYmluYW5jZS5jb20vZW4vYmxvZy9jb21tdW5pdHkvYmVoaW5kLXRoZS1mb29zYmFsbC1zY2VuZXMtd2l0aC1jcmlzdGlhbm8tcm9uYWxkby0tYW5hLW1hcmtvdmklQzQlODctMTM1NDE2NjQwMTYyMDgyMzc2OT9sYW5nPWVu)[Sign
Up](https://accounts.binance.com/en/register?registerChannel=blog&return_to=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYmluYW5jZS5jb20vZW4vYmxvZy9jb21tdW5pdHkvYmVoaW5kLXRoZS1mb29zYmFsbC1zY2VuZXMtd2l0aC1jcmlzdGlhbm8tcm9uYWxkby0tYW5hLW1hcmtvdmklQzQlODctMTM1NDE2NjQwMTYyMDgyMzc2OT9sYW5nPWVu)

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/images/common/logo.png)

Scan to Download App IOS & Android

[More Download
Options](https://www.binance.com/en/download?utm_source=&utm_campaign=)

##### [Binance Blog](/blog)

# Behind the Foosball Scenes With Cristiano Ronaldo & Ana Marković

2024-03-15

## Main Takeaways

  * Cristiano Ronaldo and Croatian footballer Ana Marković joined forces for a day of foosball as they got to know more about each other and their lives on the pitch.

  * Find out the results of their foosball game with a twist next week as we release the event’s full footage.

_See what happens when we bring together Cristiano Ronaldo and Ana Marković in
a foosball game with a unique twist!_

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20240315/41310aa0-56b5-487d-95da-
ff350508a465.png)

When our team reached Lisbon last November, the goal was clear: to record and
share a unique meeting between our special footballer guests - and Binance
brand partners! Alongside Ana Marković, Croatian national football team
player, and Cristiano Ronaldo, we prepared **something special** for our CR7
NFT community.

In the run up to the release of our foosball game footage, we thought we’d
give you a sneak peek behind the scenes of what went on, and what you can
expect when it comes to our one-of-a-kind foosball match!

**[**[**Register for a Binance Account Using Your Referral Code:
CR7FOOSBALL**](https://accounts.binance.com/en/register?ref=CR7FOOSBALL)**]**

##  Ana Marković: Our Foosball Contender

Meet Ana, one of Croatia and Switzerland’s most talented footballers and
Binance brand partner, known for her exceptional skills on the pitch. Her
dynamic playstyle and perseverance have made her a significant force in
international women's football.

Ana’s also been eager to explore the innovative world of blockchain and
digital assets. What better way to do that than in partnership with Binance -
including an experience with football GOAT, Cristiano Ronaldo?

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20240313/50ee4309-1c92-41cc-a785-0c6b3714b44d)

After traveling from Zürich to our set in Lisbon, Portugal, Ana was ready and
raring to get on the pitch and foosball table with Cristiano. “I was super
excited… meeting my idol Cristiano was a dream come true!” Ana explained.

> _“I admire Cristiano’s mindset. He is more than just a "football-player", he
> is a role model for a whole generation.”_

By the end of the day, Ana had gone head-to-head against Cristiano in a
foosball game with a significant twist! Luckily for her, she’s no beginner
when it comes to table football and is a self-proclaimed seven-out-of-10
player.

To see exactly how she fared, make sure to check back next week for our full
footage of the one-of-a-kind event!

## On Set With Binance and Cristiano Ronaldo

Every good game needs the perfect setting, and our location in Portugal was
just that. Tucked away in the outskirts of Lisbon, the set provided the exact
backdrop we needed to record our foosball game with Ana.

Alongside the professional videographers and participants was, of course, the
Binance team. Months of preparation and hard work had gone into ensuring the
day would be a success, and the team was dedicated to showcasing our partners
and their experiences, stories, and skills.

> _“We’d spent two days preparing at the set before we had Cristiano and Ana
> join us. Everything had been carefully prepared, choreographed and set up
> for an unforgettable day!”  _
>
> _\- Alex, Social & Community Lead_

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20240313/57c7b379-d376-4bdf-
af6b-7955abe6883c)

>  _**Did You Know?**_
>
> _Our Social and Community Lead stood in for Cristiano Ronaldo to line up and
> prepare certain shots for the live filming day!  _

We’re incredibly excited to share with you soon the final footage of the day
and our Foosball Challenge! Make sure to head to our
[_ForeverZone_](https://www.binance.com/en/events/cr7-foreverzone) on
Wednesday, March 20, to catch the game yourself and see what surprises we have
in store for you.

## Don’t Miss Out on Even More Exclusive CR7 Opportunities

While our Foosball Challenge is available to everyone to watch, not every CR7
experience can say the same. By joining us in the ForeverZone and purchasing a
CR7 NFT, you’ll be able to enjoy a long list of benefits and exclusive access
to Cristiano Ronaldo’s world.  

[_Simply purchase a CR7 NFT_](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/nft/how-to-
score-your-own-cr7-nft-6279780263997493420) and add it to your collection to
enjoy the best in NFT sporting utility. Just take a look at what we’ve offered
before!

  * Automatic entry into future giveaways

  * Collector's edition printable Binance x CR7 posters

  * Personal video messages straight from Cristiano Ronaldo

  * Binance football shirts and balls signed by Cristiano Ronaldo

  * Tickets to Binance Blockchain Week

  * Virtual meet and greets and a trip to train with Cristiano himself

## Foosball Is Just the Beginning

As we wrap up our behind-the-scenes teaser, we hope to see you again next week
for our Foosball Challenge footage release! Our collaborations with athletes
like Cristiano and Ana are an illustration of the importance we place on top-
quality experiences for the community.

If you want to join us in this ongoing journey of sport innovation, then
adding a CR7 NFT to your collection is a great way to start. The possibilities
are vast, and who knows? The next experience might just feature you!

## Further Reading

  * [ _CR7 x Binance: The Journey So Far & What’s Ahead_](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/nft/cr7-x-binance-the-journey-so-far--whats-ahead-4443817054650587421) 

  * [_A Day in the Life of a CR7 NFT Holder_](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/nft/a-day-in-the-life-of-a-cr7-nft-holder-7403096175754386119)

  * [ _The Game’s Still On for Future CR7 NFT Utility_](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/nft/the-games-still-on-for-future-cr7-nft-utility-3305611640159237533)

  * [ _How to Score Your Own CR7 NFT_](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/nft/how-to-score-your-own-cr7-nft-6279780263997493420)

 _**Disclaimer:**__Promotion or endorsement of CR7 assets by Cristiano Ronaldo
do not constitute promotion or endorsement of any other Binance assets.  _

_**Risk Warning:**__Digital asset prices can be volatile. The value of any
asset or investment may go down or up and you may not get back the amount
initially paid. You are solely responsible for your purchase decisions and
neither Binance, nor its sponsorship partners, are liable for any losses you
may incur. This is not financial advice. For more information, see our_[
_Terms of Use_](https://www.binance.com/en/terms) _and_[ _Risk
Warning_](https://www.binance.com/en/risk-warning) _._

194,980,918 users chose us. Find out why today.

Register Now

Like this post

###### Share Post

Article Outlines

Behind the Foosball Scenes With Cristiano Ronaldo & Ana Marković

Main Takeaways

Ana Marković: Our Foosball Contender

On Set With Binance and Cristiano Ronaldo

Don’t Miss Out on Even More Exclusive CR7 Opportunities

Foosball Is Just the Beginning

Further Reading

194,980,918 users chose us. Find out why today.

Register Now

### Community

[](https://discord.gg/jE4wt8g2H2)[](https://www.binance.com/en/community)[](https://www.tiktok.com/@binance?lang=en)[](https://www.facebook.com/binance)[](https://twitter.com/binance)[](https://www.reddit.com/r/binance)[](https://www.instagram.com/Binance/)[](https://coinmarketcap.com/exchanges/binance/)[](https://www.youtube.com/binanceyoutube)[](https://www.binance.com/en/community)

USD-$

USD-$

AED-د.إ

ARS-ARS$

AUD-A$

BDT-৳

BGN-лв

BHD-.د.ب

BOB-$b

BRL-R$

CAD-C$

CHF-CHF

CNY-¥

COP-COL$

CZK-Kč

DKK-KR

EGP-E£

EUR-€

GBP-£

HKD-HKD

HRK-kn

HUF-Ft

IDR-Rp

INR-₹

JPY-¥

KES-KSh

KWD-ك.د

KZT-₸

MAD-م.د.

MNT-₮

MXN-Mex$

NZD-NZ$

OMR-ر.ع.

PEN-S/.

PHP-₱

PKR-₨

PLN-zł

QAR-ر.ق

RON-lei

RUB-₽

SAR-ر.س

SEK-kr

THB-฿

TRY-₺

TWD-NT$

UAH-₴

UGX-USh

VES-Bs

VND-₫

ZAR-R

Theme

USD

Theme

### About Us

  * [About](https://www.binance.com/en/about)
  * [Careers](https://www.binance.com/en/careers)
  * [Announcements](https://www.binance.com/en/support/announcement)
  * [News](https://www.binance.com/en/square/news/all)
  * [Press](https://www.binance.com/en/press)
  * [Legal](https://www.binance.com/en/legal/home)
  * [Terms](https://www.binance.com/en/terms)
  * [Privacy](https://www.binance.com/en/about-legal/privacy-portal)
  * [Building Trust](https://www.binance.com/en/land/building_trust)
  * [Blog](https://www.binance.com/en/blog)
  * [Community](https://www.binance.com/en/community)
  * [Sitemap](https://www.binance.com/en/country-region-selector)
  * [Risk Warning](https://www.binance.com/en/risk-warning)
  * [Notices](https://www.binance.com/en/support/list/notices)
  * [Downloads](https://www.binance.com/en/download)
  * [Desktop Application](https://www.binance.com/en/desktop-download)

### Products

  * [Exchange](https://www.binance.com/en/trade)
  * [Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/buy-sell-crypto)
  * [Leveraged Tokens](https://www.binance.com/en/leveraged-tokens/tokens/allTokens)
  * [TradingView](https://www.binance.com/en/land/tradingview)
  * [Pay](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/payment)
  * [Academy](https://academy.binance.com/en)
  * [Live](https://www.binance.com/en/live)
  * [Tax](https://www.binance.com/en/tax)
  * [Gift Card](https://www.binance.com/en/gift-card)
  * [Launchpad & Launchpool](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)
  * [Auto-Invest](https://www.binance.com/en/auto-invest)
  * [ETH Staking](https://www.binance.com/en/eth2)
  * [NFT](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/home)
  * [BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/bnb)
  * [BABT](https://www.binance.com/en/BABT?source=footer)
  * [Research](https://www.binance.com/en/research)
  * [Charity](https://www.binance.charity)

### Business

  * [P2P Merchant Application](https://c2c.binance.com/en/merchantApplication)
  * [P2Pro Merchant Application](https://p2p.binance.com/en/p2pro)
  * [Listing Application](https://www.binance.com/en/my/coin-apply)
  * [Institutional & VIP Services](https://www.binance.com/en/vip-institutional-services)
  * [Labs](https://labs.binance.com/)

### Learn

  * [Learn & Earn](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn)
  * [Browse Crypto Prices](https://www.binance.com/en/price)
  * [Bitcoin Price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/bitcoin)
  * [Ethereum Price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/ethereum)
  * [Browse Crypto Price Predictions](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction)
  * [Bitcoin Price Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction/bitcoin)
  * [Ethereum Price Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction/ethereum)
  * [Buy Bitcoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bitcoin)
  * [Buy BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bnb)
  * [Buy Ripple](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/xrp)
  * [Buy Dogecoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/dogecoin)
  * [Buy Ethereum](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/ethereum)
  * [Buy Tradable Altcoins](https://www.binance.com/en/altcoins/tradable)

### Service

  * [Affiliate](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/affiliate)
  * [Referral](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/referral?utm_source=Lite_web_footer)
  * [OTC Trading](https://www.binance.com/en/otc)
  * [Historical Market Data](https://www.binance.com/en/landing/data)
  * [Proof of Reserves](https://www.binance.com/en/proof-of-reserves)

### Support

  * [24/7 Chat Support](https://www.binance.com/en/chat?sourceEntry=4)
  * [Support Center](https://www.binance.com/en/support)
  * [Product Feedback & Suggestions](https://www.binance.com/en/my/user-support/feedback/entry)
  * [Fees](https://www.binance.com/en/fee/schedule)
  * [APIs](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-api)
  * [Binance Verify](https://www.binance.com/en/official-verification)
  * [Trading Rules](https://www.binance.com/en/trade-rule)
  * [Binance Airdrop Portal](https://www.binance.com/en/airdrop)
  * [Law Enforcement Requests](https://www.binance.com/en/support/law-enforcement)

Binance© 2024Cookie Preferences

