Metaco.com will be sunset as of June 7, 2024

[Learn more](https://ripple.com/solutions/digital-asset-custody/ "Learn more")

Skip to main content

[![Metaco](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/logo.svg?x88149)![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/logo-w.svg?x88149)](https://www.metaco.com)

  * Solutions __

__Solutions

Solutions

    * [__Global Custodians Build tomorrow's market infrastructure ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/global-custodians-top-tier-banks/)
    * [__Universal Banks Satisfy demand for new asset classes ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/universal-banks/)
    * [__Neobanks & FintechsFind new routes to monetization ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/neobanks-fintechs/)
    * [__Regulated Exchanges Grow volumes and profit margins ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/regulated-exchanges/)
    * [__Corporates Boost customer loyalty and engagement ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/corporates/)

  * Platform __

__Platform

Platform

Deploy ambitious digital asset use cases with the most secure and versatile
infrastructure.

    * [__Harmonize™ Platform Overview Issue, store, trade, transfer, settle and service any type of digital asset. ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/harmonize/)
    * [__Custody Hot, warm and institutional cold storage ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/custody/)
    * [__Trading Powerful order execution, funding and settlement ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/trading/)
    * [__Web3 Web3 Portal spanning NFTs, DeFi and DApps ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/web3/)
    * [__Governance Entirely customizable risk and compliance controls ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/governance/)
    * [__Orchestration A single source of truth for managing all digital assets ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/orchestration/)
    * [__Tokenization Asset-agnostic smart contract management framework ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/tokenization/)
    * [__Integration Fully integrable platform following enterprise standards ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/integration/)
    * [__Security Highest protection against insider and external threats ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/security/)

  * Company __

__Company

Company

    * [__About](https://www.metaco.com/company/about/)
    * [__Media & news](https://www.metaco.com/company/media-coverage-press-releases/)
    * [__Careers](https://www.metaco.com/careers/)

  * Resources __

__Resources

Resources

    * [__Talks](https://www.metaco.com/resources/talks/)
    * [__Webinars](https://www.metaco.com/resources/webinars/)
    * [__Case studies](https://www.metaco.com/resources/case-studies/)
    * [__Reports](https://www.metaco.com/resources/reports/)
    * [__Blog](https://www.metaco.com/resources/blog/)

[Contact](https://www.metaco.com/contact/ "Contact")

[Talks](https://www.metaco.com/category/talks/)

METACO TALKS EP. 26

# Reappraising the role of Bitcoin

  *  __ November 8, 2021
  *  __31 min
  *  __Hosted by Seamus Donoghue (VP Strategic Alliances, METACO)

Share

  * [ __](https://www.linkedin.com/sharing/share-offsite/?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.metaco.com%2Ftalks%2Freappraising-the-role-of-bitcoin-w-izabella-kaminska%2F)
  * [__](https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Metaco+https%3A%2F%2Fwww.metaco.com%2Ftalks%2Freappraising-the-role-of-bitcoin-w-izabella-kaminska%2F+via+%40metaco_sa)

For this episode of  [METACO Talks](https://www.metaco.com/talks/), we were
joined by [Izabella Kaminska](https://www.linkedin.com/in/izabella-
kaminska-806a566/), editor at [FT Alphaville](https://www.ft.com/alphaville).
Before that she worked as a producer at CNBC, a natural gas reporter at Platts
and an associate editor of BP’s internal magazine. She has also worked as a
reporter on English language business papers in Poland and Azerbaijan and was
a Reuters graduate trainee in 2004.

In this episode, we discussed, among others:

**[00:05:23]**  The role of Bitcoin within capital markets;

**[00:15:56]**  Can Bitcoin qualify as ESG;

**[00:20:00]**  How is privacy compatible with centralized exchanges;

**[00:26:55]**  How do CBDCs co-exist with Bitcoin.



_Disclaimer: This is not investment advice._

### Full transcript

[00:00:00] **Seamus:**  Hi, welcome to episode 26 of METACO Talks. This is our
series of live conversations with the people at the forefront of innovation
around decentralized finance. Today, the title of the episode is _Reappraising
The Role of Bitcoin_. To discuss this, we have very special guest, Izabella
Kaminska, editor of FT Alphaville. To give a little background, before that
she worked as a producer at CNBC, was natural gas reporter at Platts, and
associate editor of BP’s internal magazine. She’s also worked as a reporter on
English language business papers in Poland and Azerbaijan, and was a Reuters
graduate trainee in 2004.

Isabella, great to have you here at METACO Talks.



[00:00:49] **Izabella:**  Thanks for having me.me of those achievements were
very long ago.



[00:00:54] **Seamus:**  Well, impressive nonetheless. I think this is great to
reconnect. We were on a round table discussion in April where we talked about
the investability of Bitcoin. I think to a degree there’s a similar theme in
how the market and you, I guess, are reappraising that.



[00:01:12] **Izabella:**  Yeah, absolutely.



[00:01:15] **Seamus:**  To kick things off, it’s interesting, you’re a writer
currently at FT; FT is often characterized as being a little bit hostile to
crypto, which is not the case from our last discussion that we had. I’d be
very keen to hear your personal journey, how your views have evolved around
Bitcoin.



[00:01:34] **Izabella:**  A lot of people sort trash-talk, say we’re haters. I
don’t think that’s actually fair, or that we are biased. I think sometimes
it’s missed that we are equally harsh on everybody. There is a misperception
that we are specifically harsh on crypto. We came out of the GFC being
incredibly harsh about the conventional system and about banks. We’re not a
voice that is saying crypto bad, conventional system good, by no stretch of
the imagination.

I think what we are pragmatists. Certainly my perspective has always been one
of cynicism, because it was a fanciful creation. It had an incredibly larger-
than-life ambition, to take down the standing system. As a committed
pragmatist, I’m always cynical of the idea that systems can evolve in ways
that don’t descend back to the path of least resistance. In finance, the path
of least resistance is always centralization. It’s always the creation of a
trusted intermediaries, because that is just simply the configuration of how
finance operates.

I guess my cynicism has always been centred on this idea that, to assume that
Bitcoin has solved this problem, is a very big expectation. Over the years,
our general perspective has very much been, I would say confirmed, because
remember what we were saying is that Bitcoin is not going to suddenly
decentralized finance. In fact, it’s created, I would argue, as big an
opportunity for new trusted intermediaries as there ever was.  That’s the
ironic cyclical approach. The life cycle of a FinTech is that you eventually
become the thing that you were trying to disrupt. That’s really my
perspective.

Now, where it has changed in the last year, and this is just a personal
perspective, is that whilst I was very cynical about the standing system and
very aware of its problems in terms of the GFC, the fragility, the potential
in a lot of cases for fraud, I still very much trusted the government. That is
basically where I’m coming from. I think with the pandemic, it’s not that I
don’t trust the government, it’s just that I have been quite shocked at how
quickly social norms can change. I never really appreciated how quickly that
can happen. I’m not sitting here saying I don’t trust the government at all; I
do think it has alerted me to the fact that Bitcoin just solves a problem
which is in the event that –  I never thought that our democratic systems
would be fragile to the degree that I now think maybe they are. I That is
fundamentally what changed. I think in that environment, Bitcoin does solve a
problem, which is that when you have no alternative way to fund yourself
because all the systems are controlled by a potentially corrupt government, I
do think that it solves a problem.

Of course you can’t create that system when the corruption is already there.
It has to be pre-emptive. Now I am future-proofing. I understand the point of
future-proofing, is what I’m saying. Does that make sense?



[00:05:23] **Seamus:**  Absolutely. I think it’s great context. I think many
of us have had that journey from trust to at least questioning whether.
Whether distrust or not, at least having the option; the escape route
potentially. Gold’s always formed that to a degree, and now I think people
look at Bitcoin.

With that context in mind, what do you think the role of Bitcoin is within
capital markets as we see it?



[00:05:50] **Izabella:**  In a hypothesis, and this is a hypothesis, whether
there’s been a massive mispricing of the market. Let’s use the conventional
Bitcoin cliché, that central bankers have overdone it a bit. I think in that
world, it is useful to have a secondary asset that you can do comparative
price valuations against. It’s a hedge, and I’m not convinced it’s necessarily
going to be the hedge that responds the way people think it will.

I think that’s one of the things about gold. People think gold is very anti-
cyclical. But gold, when you look at the historical record, it doesn’t
necessarily always behave as you think it would. Even in an inflationary
environment, what gold represents is a store of value, a last resort that can
be liquidated when you really need it. That’s one of the reasons why often in
a crisis gold goes down before it goes up. When you really need the liquidity,
you cash out with gold. I think with Bitcoin, it might be similar. But it’s
that final resort, that final reserve of liquidity that you wouldn’t otherwise
spend.

That’s not to say the value will always be protected in that, but I think it
does offer a swing balancing pool of liquidity that can be thrown out a tight
liquidity situation, that is now compartmentalized.

We’ve never been in this situation before. Like in the GFC when we run out of
liquidity, there wasn’t a third pool of liquidity that you could just tap. Now
there is. There is this pool of crypto, and it will be interesting to see what
happens if everywhere else gets tight. Will people start liquidating the
crypto or will it be a flight to safety? I’m not sure how it will operate. I
think it’ll probably be a mix of two; the people who are distressed will
liquidate and those who are worried will flight. It might balance itself off.
But it offers an alternative tool in that scenario.

I do think institutions now, whether they like it or not, whether they believe
in it or not, it’s now probably impossible for them to ignore it. That’s going
to change things because the more they come into it and the more they
legitimize it, effectively the more it will become a self-fulfilling prophecy
that it will behave that way.



[00:08:40] **Seamus:**  That dilemma you talked about, liquidity versus the
money of last resort, potentially it’s more of a time horizon question more
than anything, because everything goes down to the same. Most liquid things go
down first because that’s where you can raise money with. But longer term
liquidity can be a function of what the central bank does, how they respond.
Excess liquidity can drive a longer term movement into that asset. That’s less
limited.

You may have touched a little bit on some comments on Bitcoin. Expanding that
a little bit, do you think Bitcoin is potentially a good form of money? I’ve
seen you’ve posted on this in the past; I’d love some more colour on that.



[00:09:17] **Izabella:**  In terms of money, I see it more as an alternative
asset. I see it as a useful mechanism to balance and anchor different fiat
systems. I think it’s pre Bitcoin and post gold. You’ve had all these
different non floating currency systems, and it’s hard to compare and contrast
because there isn’t a universal anchor against it. You’ve got the SDR, but
there isn’t an anchor that you can compare these different fiat systems
against the relative benchmark. Bitcoin, because it’s fundamentally anchored
to the cost of energy, it provides the ability for different fiat systems to
compare themselves.

That is really where the potential I think is. On the ground, when it comes to
day-to-day transactions, there’s just too much legacy commitment. We had the
Euro come in and trash a load of local currencies, but that was under mandate.
That would take incredible buy-in from the political classes, and Bitcoin by
nature has to. It can’t do that top-down mandated thing, because that would be
hypocritical of what it stands for. To have buy-in from the bottom would be
really hard. People will always default to the local currencies; and they
understand, they think in those numerator is fundamental.

There is a place for Bitcoin in the end. I know Bitcoin’s people defence, but
the one transaction market where it does operate in is the black market. I
agree with people who say the black market transactions are not the be-all and
end-all of Bitcoin. But it’s also the case that one of the areas where it does
get transacted in as an actual money tool, and that’s not necessarily a bad
thing. I think now of like for Rotarian regimes under the USSR or whatever,
there was always a vibrant dollar market because for a chain system you need a
secondary non-controlled money system. Emerging markets are places where there
is no trust or buy-in in terms of the government. That’s not a bad thing,
because the black market isn’t all just drugs and criminal activity in an
authoritarian country. It can be your market for repressed press or the market
for repressed goods; or for legitimate things that are about resistance to
those authoritarian states. That’s where I think the transactional potential
is. But I think the two can coexist. I don’t think it’s one or the other.

I think the system works better when there are challenges to each other. The
consumers have a choice. Sometimes you need the resilience and stability of
fiat and a controlled and managed currency. If you trust your government, I
don’t see the problem with fiat. Other times you don’t, and you need Bitcoin.
The best option is to have both.



[00:13:00] **Seamus:**  Great. I think it’s often overlooked that most of the
world, we take it for granted that – you’re in UK and I’m in Switzerland,
we’re working in financial system, working in banks –we can trust relatively
trusted government. Many countries don’t have that. I think that’s often
missed as a core view that there needs to be an alternative, or it’s very
helpful to have an alternative.

In the context of alternatives, gold and let’s say Gold 2.0 as sometimes
Bitcoin is described, is often viewed as a hedge because they’re viewed as
limited supply, potentially deflationary. We’ve had Paul Tudor Jones, people
like this popularized the thesis that Bitcoin is an inflation hedge, and it’s
hedge because it’s because limited supply. But you’ve raised some interesting
questions around the potential velocity impact of Bitcoin. Is it as
deflationary as people think, this asset class?



[00:13:51] **Izabella:**  Well, yeah, exactly. Because how much of Bitcoin is
currently stored in highly immobile reserves? The thing about Bitcoin is that
it is effectively at its base a full reserve system. That means that unlike in
the conventional banking sector, if you’re just sitting on your reserves at
the bank, you’ve got your deposits in the bank. “Hey, I’ve got millions of
dollars.” They’re probably being recycled through the financial system.
They’re always mobile. You’re not using them. The bank is taking a risk.
Nowadays, post GFC we have much stricter regulations in terms of how much of
that liability they can effectively recycle.

But I think fundamentally, there is recycling going on, whereas in Bitcoin
there isn’t. There was an emerging bottom-up organic recycling in that we have
all this DeFi, and people putting their assets to work just to generate a
yield in their own way, and it’s coming into Bitcoin regardless. But the base,
if you choose not to engage in DeFi or whatever, the default isn’t that your
money is being recycled. That means in an inflation period, you’ve got all
these potentially immobile stagnant pools of Bitcoin that might suddenly be
mobilized, and that the system hasn’t really accounted for. They have, and
they haven’t, because we don’t really know how many of those stagnant wallets
are forever stagnant because people have lost their keys or they’re just
sitting on the side-lines. That is quite hard to analyse as well.

You have all these potential claims that could suddenly be mobilized. If they
do, that’s an inflationary effect because there’s suddenly a lot more
claimable money in the system that then you might’ve appreciated before, if
that makes sense.



[00:15:56] **Seamus:**  I think it’s a point; that’s not discussion, I
suppose. Very interesting.

You’ve been somewhat critical in the past, the definition of ESG assets.
Obviously ESG has been one of the classic funds in the Bitcoin market. What’s
your broader view on how you think how that applies to Bitcoin, or even how
maybe that narrative has evolved in Bitcoin?



[00:16:19] **Izabella:**  From a very simplistic ESG perspective, Bitcoin is a
no-go area because of its huge energy footprint. But ESG, isn’t just the E,
there’s also the S and the G. There’s a little bit of a conflict there.

One other area where this conflict manifests, for example, in the solar panel
manufacturing world. On one hand we should be investing in solar because it’s
going to be renewable and satisfies E, but now it transpires that like 90% of
solar panel inputs are basically made in weaker country in China, potentially
with very uncouth labour practices. Well, that doesn’t satisfy SOG. So which
one is it, and how do you offset?

I think that’s the simplistic problem that ESG is going to come into more and
more, because the more E, the more it’s going to repress the S and G in some
areas. The Bitcoin is at the front line of that conflict, because it does, as
we discussed earlier, potentially provide a tool for repressed people like the
weakers to help defend themselves against authoritarianism. I think that is
going to be a conflict.



[00:17:46] **Seamus:**  The devil is in the details. You can’t summarize these
things as just one letter, doesn’t summarize the whole story.



[00:17:52] **Izabella:**  Even on the E, it’s very easy to bash Bitcoin on the
energy frontend. Superficially, it does have this terrific energy footprint.
But I do think there is a false equivalence, because what is worth spending
energy on, and is a very subjective perspective. We learned this through the
pandemic, in terms of one man’s non-essential activities, another man’s
essential activity. When some third party comes in dictating this is essential
and this isn’t, and you have a right to spend energy on this but not on that,
and doesn’t question how spurious other activities are – there are other
energy wasting practices that are at the same time undermining the SNG – I
would say huge data farms that support monopolistic corporates that are
effectively undermining worker rights and all that stuff, they’re great maybe,
but I don’t think we’re looking at it from the full perspective. I think we’re
being a bit knee jerk about it.

The other thing about Bitcoin, I haven’t thought this out properly and I
always welcome criticism, I’m just putting ideas out there, but I do feel like
there is a part of the energy story where Bitcoin creates a much better
incentive to create solutions to the carbon emissions problem. Because energy
is such a premium in that market, the innovation there already has been quite
amazing in terms of how they are adapting to create the cheapest, cleanest
energy, much more so than in the conventional market. It just shows you if
you’ve got money at the problem often that is going to give you a solution
much better than attacks or something. It’s equally powerful to this day.



[00:20:00] **Seamus:**  Makes sense. Bitcoin’s success has been a bit on set
incentives, so there’s no question thinking about those incentives instead of
getting away from it. Does this have any purpose? If you spend anything on it,
it’s a bad thing because it doesn’t have a purpose, which seems to be the main
point of criticism. I agree. Are you incentivizing the use of flaring from the
petrochemical industry or you’re incentivizing the potentially trapped that
renewable energy? There’s huge opportunities to change that narrative.

Another thing you’ve spoken about before, and I’d love to get your thoughts
on, is privacy and Bitcoin. Going back to the whole question of weakers, how
do you see these two things balancing out?



[00:20:43] **Izabella:**  I am still incredibly critical of the cryptocurrency
ecosystem, so to speak. I think it’s incredibly partial to manipulation and
fraud. It takes advantage of people who have been quite naive. It’s very hard
to differentiate anything that has true value, no value. It’s so subjective in
that world, so many pump and dump schemes. We have to be incredibly vigilant.
But if I was to put any pro crypto hat on, it would have to be the Bitcoin
maximalist one, because that makes more sense to me. Of course, in an open
market, you can’t stop duplicates and all these, but that’s fine. That’s an
open market. But I think Bitcoin does have this amazing advantage of being the
first one, and logically the system won’t really work. What I’m trying to say
is that it’s a competing market for different reputations. At the moment the
Bitcoin reputation is the incumbent first entrant. I think that really matters
and makes a big difference.

What was the question? You were talking about privacy. On privacy, I am very
disappointed as a result because I more identify with maximalist perspective.
I understand why a community would make these concessions; because it’s about
growing the ecosystem and sometimes you have to go backwards to go forward,
and get established and to make a name for themselves and grow the market and
make it a fundamental force to be reckoned with. But to achieve that, I do
think they’ve backtracked on a lot of the original vision of Bitcoin; amongst
other things, the censorship resistance side of it, and the KYC, AML.

Bitcoin is just another flavour of the fiat system in many ways, because it’s
capitulated to all those requirements. It’s not say I don’t agree with KYC,
AML. I’m having issues with it; I’m, I’m not convinced it’s solving the
problem it’s wanting to solve. Ian Greek has written about this, and I agree
with him a little bit, that we’re being slightly deflected by the whole KYC,
AML side of things, that it’s a solution to all the entrenched corruption and
criminal things. The reality is, in my opinion core criminals can get around
KYC and AML. The fundamental problem in the system is corruption, not
visibility. I think anonymity doesn’t necessarily mean bad practice.

When you look at Alphaville and the FT, one of our biggest stories in the last
few years has been Wirecard, which is a really great example of a fiat world
FinTech that proved to be a massive fraud. It was through the corruption side
of it. On the surface of things, it was totally in line with KYC and AML. I
think it’s much more complicated than that, and I am disappointed that there
isn’t more commitment. I understand why, but I’m disappointed that there’s not
a lot more. I would want more privacy proofing in the system at this point. I
know that’s hard because you can’t be compliant with the system and maintain
the level of privacy that Bitcoin originally had.

I see the market bifurcating, or have the cleared whites Bitcoin world, and
then you’ll have the black market non verified. The two will probably co-
exist. As it is currently with the dollar market, it’ll be really hard to
transfer in and out of it. That’s the way the system wants it. Our arguments
have to focus on really addressing whether this approach to encouraging best
practice in transactions is actually the right one, because I don’t see in the
last 10 years as we’ve intensified all these practices, if it has improved
anything. I don’t think it has. I think it’s actually making things worse.

The way still solve the problem is, with respect, reconfiguring something in
the side of things, rather than this top-down effectively very anti-privacy
campaign against people. I don’t think that’s constructive.



[00:25:40] **Seamus:**  I think that’s a fantastic insight. Yes, the market is
being forced to do this, but it has addressed anything in the existing
financial system, is this the core question. Why should it be any better?



[00:25:51] **Izabella:**  Well, the thing is you lose the argument. I have
often made the case that Bitcoin was sponsoring really bad transactions. It’s
not that I renege on that, I don’t. I think the criticisms and my analysis was
correct. It’s just I now realize that Meta is probably not the best approach
to solving the problem. The problem the system is corruption. That is my
revelation.

Corruption is like the garbage in, garbage out problem. If you know someone
who has the power to implement an account on your behalf, it doesn’t matter if
KYC, AML is there, because they just pretend they’ve seen it. That is the
point. It is impossible to regulate unless you solve the corruption problems.
You’ve got address, why is the corruption there in the first place?



[00:26:55] **Seamus:**  Totally. We’re a little bit short of time, but given
the theme and this line of reasoning, I’d love to just get one final question,
about what your views are on CBDC and where that’s going.



[00:27:08] **Izabella:**  I think it has been quite interesting, because the
Nigerian Central Bank is now issued. It is e-Naira. I’m very cynical about
CBDC’s. I’m not sure what problem it’s solving. I don’t see how it’s very
different to the conventional system. I think a lot of it is PR. Having
analysed the most recent Nigerian system, I really struggle to see how it’s
different. The only different thing is that it creates a full reserve system
for the fiat world on the payment side of things.

Really I think it’s misbranded. The biggest innovation or transformation that
comes to CBDCs isn’t the digitization of money. It isn’t that it introduces or
it makes it easier to access the banking sector, because in Nigeria you still
have to have a prevailing bank account. It doesn’t facilitate, because of the
privacy access paradox the central bank still has to take your name. That
means that as soon as you are evaluating on a standard basis, then you have to
have non-accessibility, because you have to have the right to decline people,
which inadvertently creates an inclusion problem. I don’t see how that’s
different.

Fundamentally, I think it’s a shift from a low reserve system to a full
reserve system. That is a completely different argument economically, and no
one is talking about that argument. Everyone is talking about the
digitization. If they are talking about the problems, they’re talking about,
and I agree with this, that it can crowd out the banks. But at the moment, say
Nigeria and most flavours of CBDC, they want to limit the amount of CBDCs you
can hold on any account. That limits the crowding out stuff.

It looks increasingly like it’s not proper. The real reason you want a CBDC is
in a crisis GFC situation, where you can actually withdraw from the bank
system and put all your money with no cap in a Fiat government account
effectively. That’s what you want. But you can’t do that with CBDC, because
they’re going to cap it at like a thousand pounds or whatever. Useless on that
front as well.



[00:29:32] **Seamus:**  I’m sure we could spend another half hour talking
about just with CBDC, because we’ll want to go there. What happens with
velocity? What happens to privacy?

We’re out of time. Isabel, it’s been great to have you, been a real pleasure.
Thanks for your time. Anything else you’d like to wrap up with, before we go?



[00:29:52] **Izabella:**  No, I think watch this space. There’s some
interesting things coming up in my personal life in the next few months. Get
in touch if you want to know more. I’m in this transition point, let’s just
say.



[00:30:05] **Seamus:**  Watch this space, as you said. Thanks again for
coming. Our next METACO Talks will be two weeks; until then wishing you a
great weekend. Stay informed at
[www.METACOTalks.com/talks](http://www.metacotalks.com/talks).



[00:30:16] **Izabella:**  Thanks.

  * [![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/01/spotify.png?x88149)](https://open.spotify.com/show/0IiI7iftR3F3RqinfJbpRT)
  * [![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/01/apple-podcasts.png?x88149)](https://podcasts.apple.com/us/podcast/metaco-talks-crypto-podcast-on-building-the-future/id1542371076?uo=4)
  * [![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/01/google-podcasts.png?x88149)](https://podcasts.google.com/feed/aHR0cHM6Ly9hbmNob3IuZm0vcy80MWY2MzA3NC9wb2RjYXN0L3Jzcw==)

![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/footer.png?x88149)

## **Explore** more

  * ![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/01/mt-speaker_ep-44-square-640x640.png?x88149)

[Talks](https://www.metaco.com/category/talks/)

February 6, 2024

[David Riegelnig (Rulematch)Digital Asset Trading Tailored to the Needs of
Financial Institutions](https://www.metaco.com/talks/rulematch-institutional-
digital-asset-trading/ "Digital Asset Trading Tailored to the Needs of
Financial Institutions")

  * ![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/12/mt-speaker_ep-43-square_dark-blue-640x640.png?x88149)

[Talks](https://www.metaco.com/category/talks/)

January 11, 2024

[Rajeev Tummala (HSBC Securities Services)The institutional value-chain of
tokenized securities](https://www.metaco.com/talks/institutional-value-chain-
tokenized-securities-rajeev-tummala-hsbc/ "The institutional value-chain of
tokenized securities")

  * ![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/11/mt-speaker_ep-42_light-blue-square-640x640.png?x88149)

[Talks](https://www.metaco.com/category/talks/)

November 14, 2023

[Angela Itzikowitz (ENS Africa) and Ashveen Gopee (PWC Mauritius)The Digital
Asset Ecosystem in Mauritius and South
Africa](https://www.metaco.com/talks/da-ecosystem-mauritius-south-africa-
aitzikowitz-agoppee/ "The Digital Asset Ecosystem in Mauritius and South
Africa")

[![Metaco](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/logo-w.svg?x88149)](https://www.metaco.com)

  * [Solutions](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/)
    * [Global Custodians](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/global-custodians-top-tier-banks/)
    * [Universal Banks](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/universal-banks/)
    * [Neobanks & Fintechs](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/neobanks-fintechs/)
    * [Regulated Exchanges](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/regulated-exchanges/)
    * [Corporates](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/corporates/)
  * [Platform](https://www.metaco.com/platform/)
    * [Harmonize™](https://www.metaco.com/platform/harmonize/)
    * [Custody](https://www.metaco.com/platform/custody/)
    * [Trading](https://www.metaco.com/platform/trading/)
    * [Web3](https://www.metaco.com/platform/web3/)
    * [Governance](https://www.metaco.com/platform/governance/)
    * [Orchestration](https://www.metaco.com/platform/orchestration/)
    * [Tokenization](https://www.metaco.com/platform/tokenization/)
    * [Integration](https://www.metaco.com/platform/integration/)
    * [Security](https://www.metaco.com/platform/security/)
  * [Company](https://www.metaco.com/company/media-coverage-press-releases/)
    * [About](https://www.metaco.com/company/about/)
    * [Media & news](https://www.metaco.com/company/media-coverage-press-releases/)
    * [Jobs](https://www.metaco.com/jobs/)
  * [Resources](https://www.metaco.com/resources/)
    * [Talks](https://www.metaco.com/resources/talks/)
    * [Webinars](https://www.metaco.com/resources/webinars/)
    * [Case studies](https://www.metaco.com/resources/case-studies/)
    * [Reports](https://www.metaco.com/resources/reports/)
    * [Blog](https://www.metaco.com/resources/blog/)

![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/10/sco2.png?x88149)![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/10/iso27001.png?x88149)

  * [__](https://www.twitter.com/metaco_sa "Twitter: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")
  * [__](https://www.linkedin.com/company/metaco-ag/ "Linkedin: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")
  * [__](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC4MLOKnJD9bXfHVXMnHM7ow "Youtube: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")
  * [__](https://open.spotify.com/show/0IiI7iftR3F3RqinfJbpRT "Spotify: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")

© 2015-2024 - Metaco SA - All Rights Reserved |[ Terms & Conditions](https://www.metaco.com/terms-conditions/) | [Privacy Policy](https://www.metaco.com/privacy-policy/) | [Cookie policy](https://www.metaco.com/cookie-policy/)

Metaco | The digital asset core system

869 subscribers

[Reappraising the role of Bitcoin w/ Izabella KAMINSKA [METACO TALKS
#26]](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L_1mGDv76BY)

[]()

Metaco | The digital asset core system

Search

Watch later

Share

Copy link

Info

Shopping

Tap to unmute

If playback doesn't begin shortly, try restarting your device.

More videos

## More videos

Share

Include playlist

An error occurred while retrieving sharing information. Please try again
later.

[Watch
on](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L_1mGDv76BY&embeds_referring_euri=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.metaco.com%2F&feature=emb_imp_woyt)

0:00

0:00 / 32:08•Live

•

[](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L_1mGDv76BY "Watch on YouTube")

# An error occurred.

[Try watching this video on
www.youtube.com](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L_1mGDv76BY), or enable
JavaScript if it is disabled in your browser.

