s m a r t

w a l l e t s

a t

l i g h t s p e e d

[Squads](../)

[Protocol](../protocol)

[Extension](../extension)

[Use Cases](../use-cases)

[About](https://www.sqds.io/)

[Blog](../blog)

[](../)

Get started

# Access U.S. Treasury Bills Yield on Solana through Maple with SquadsX

Oct 23, 2023

![maple-us-treasury-bills-solana-product-cash-management-pool-solana-multisig-
squads-squadsx-extension-solana-wallet-solana-tbill-yield-solana-multisig-
wallet](https://framerusercontent.com/images/phcIaPOZX2To9oDZzBAIxW2a40.png)

Squads users can now access [Mapleâs Cash
Management](https://solana.maple.finance/#/earn/pool/7Vqn5fdwckZadYVoH312aErP8PqNGNUx8WDrvKAHYfMd)
product through the SquadsX browser extension wallet and earn yield from U.S.
T-Bills on their idle USDC treasury.

As Solanaâs leading multisig solution, Squads enables teams and
organizations to safely store their on-chain assets such as treasuries
collectively with multi-signature security. It currently helps protect over
$600 million in value and is used by the biggest Solana-based organizations,
including but not limited to Pyth, Helium, Jito, Marginfi, Drift, Helius,
Jupiter and more. SquadsX is the recently launched browser extension wallet of
the Squads app, enabling users to connect their multisig to Solana dApps as
they would with regular wallets.

Maple Finance is an on-chain capital marketplace that connects institutional
and accredited investors with high-quality lending products. Recently launched
in August 2023, Maple's Cash Management pool is a product targeting companies
operating on Solana. It accepts deposits of USDC-spl and passes the 1-month
U.S. Treasury Bill rate to lenders, minus fees totaling 0.5% annualized. There
are no in or outbound fees and fees of 50bps are annualized and paid on
interest earned.  
  

![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/iVizs6oiebR9JdEFzoSCQ6fEoE0.png)

Additionally, the Cash Management Solution offers immediate interest and next-
day withdrawals. Interest starts accruing from the moment of deposit,
conversely from other offerings in the market. There is no lock-up period and
withdrawals are promptly serviced on the following U.S. banking day to ensure
lenders can effectively manage their cash flows.

To access U.S. Treasury Bills yield via Maple with SquadsX, simply:

  1. Connect a Squads multisig using SquadsX to Maple's web-app to lend USDC;

  2. Next, click on 'Lend Funds' to initiate a transaction that requires multisig approval;

  3. Once approved and executed by the multisig members, the funds will be deposited into Maple's pool.

_Maple's Cash Management Pool is available to accredited investors. Lenders
can begin the onboarding process in just 3 steps, taking less than 15 minutes
to complete the application_[
_here_](https://form.typeform.com/to/u3n8Q8ga?#pool=CASHMNGTUSDC) _.  
_

![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/vdKMVIFaTmtouit96gXCENZTbk.png)

Maple's Cash Management solution is the only product that provides a yield
backed by U.S. Treasury Bills on Solana. It has attracted $7.7 million in
capital since launch and enables Solana-based teams and organizations to earn
high yield on their idle treasury while staying on-chain.

The smart contract infrastructure of Maple has processed billions in volume
and provides constant, verifiable, on-chain information not subject to manual
input or manipulation. Combined with SquadsX, it offers the most secure
environment for accessing U.S. T-bills yield on Solana. Teams can leverage the
operational efficiency of their multisig setup to deposit into Maple's
solution collectively with their team members.

Maple's Pool is also managed in partnership with Room40 Capital, a renowned
institutional crypto hedge fund, which has set up a stand-alone SPV to be the
sole borrower from the pool. This team is backed by decades of operational and
trading experience in the U.S. Treasury market. Additionally, the Room40
Capital team trades, custodies, and clears from an account with the regulated
broker StoneX.

Lastly, the core infrastructure powering the Squads app and SquadsX has been
audited multiple times by OtterSec, Trail of Bits and Neodyme. It is currently
completing two formal verifications by Certora and OtterSec. More information
on the security measures taken can be found
[here](https://docs.squads.so/main/v/security/).

Start earning yield backed by U.S. Treasury Bills for your company's treasury
with SquadsX today. For new users, head over to
[app.squads.so](https://app.squads.so/squads) and create a Squads multisig to
get started.

  

**About Maple**

Maple Finance provides the infrastructure for credit experts to run on-chain
lending businesses and connects institutional lenders and borrowers. Built
with both traditional financial institutions and decentralized finance
leaders, Maple is transforming debt-capital markets by combining industry-
standard compliance and due diligence with the transparent and frictionless
lending enabled by smart contracts and blockchain technology. To learn more
about Maple, please visit <https://www.maple.finance/>.

**About Squads Labs**

Squads Labs is a core contributor to Squads Protocol, the leading multisig
infrastructure on Solana. In addition to helping maintain the protocol, Squads
Labs makes the Squads platform, an institutional-grade multisig platform for
Solana-based teams. The Squads platform helps web3-native teams manage and
secure digital assets on-chain. To learn more about Squads Labs, please visit
<https://www.sqds.io/>.

  

Continue reading

[![why-use-squads-why-multisig-solana-multisig-wallet-squads-leading-multi-
signature-solution-mpc-alternative-solana-secure-sol-for-company-squads-
protocol-
audited](https://framerusercontent.com/images/6S99P6ebVfLr6xzbo831NVDrCM.png)Why
Do Enterprises Use Squads For Their On-chain OperationsMarch 6, 2024](./why-
use-squads)[![how-to-create-mint-solana-spl-token-burn-mint-authority-solana-
multisig-squads-spl-token-
management](https://framerusercontent.com/images/YeQMBSozonTrL7s0M1gHdvMHtCw.png)Create
and Manage Solana (SPL) Tokens with SquadsDecember 13, 2023](./create-manage-
solana-spl-token)[![squads-solana-leading-multisig-spending-limits-treasury-
management-solana-multisig-wallet-squads-protocol-audited-formal-
verification](https://framerusercontent.com/images/2tyh01MPlECImwUoS4lpntdjCM.png)How
to Improve Treasury Operations with Spending LimitsNovember 29,
2023](./spending-limits)

[](../)

All rights reserved

Â© Squads Protocol 2024

Product

[Squads](../)

[Protocol](../protocol)

[Extension](../extension)

[Use Cases](../use-cases)

[Why Multisig](https://squads.so/blog/what-are-multisig-wallets)

Resources

[Github](https://github.com/Squads-Protocol)

[SDK](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@sqds/multisig)

[Documentation](https://docs.squads.so/main/basics/welcome-to-squads)

[Blog](../blog)

[Multisig vs MPC](https://squads.so/blog/mpc-wallets-risks-vs-multisig)

Company

[About](../about)

[Brand assets](../brand-assets)

[Twitter](https://twitter.com/squadsprotocol)

[Discord](https://discord.com/invite/YPXz64TrKs)

[Farcaster](https://warpcast.com/squads)

Legal

[Terms of Service](../legal/terms-of-service)

[Privacy Policy](../legal/privacy-policy)

[Contact us](https://discord.com/invite/YPXz64TrKs)

