Metaco.com will be sunset as of June 7, 2024

[Learn more](https://ripple.com/solutions/digital-asset-custody/ "Learn more")

Skip to main content

[![Metaco](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/logo.svg?x88149)![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/logo-w.svg?x88149)](https://www.metaco.com)

  * Solutions __

__Solutions

Solutions

    * [__Global Custodians Build tomorrow's market infrastructure ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/global-custodians-top-tier-banks/)
    * [__Universal Banks Satisfy demand for new asset classes ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/universal-banks/)
    * [__Neobanks & FintechsFind new routes to monetization ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/neobanks-fintechs/)
    * [__Regulated Exchanges Grow volumes and profit margins ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/regulated-exchanges/)
    * [__Corporates Boost customer loyalty and engagement ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/corporates/)

  * Platform __

__Platform

Platform

Deploy ambitious digital asset use cases with the most secure and versatile
infrastructure.

    * [__Harmonize™ Platform Overview Issue, store, trade, transfer, settle and service any type of digital asset. ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/harmonize/)
    * [__Custody Hot, warm and institutional cold storage ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/custody/)
    * [__Trading Powerful order execution, funding and settlement ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/trading/)
    * [__Web3 Web3 Portal spanning NFTs, DeFi and DApps ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/web3/)
    * [__Governance Entirely customizable risk and compliance controls ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/governance/)
    * [__Orchestration A single source of truth for managing all digital assets ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/orchestration/)
    * [__Tokenization Asset-agnostic smart contract management framework ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/tokenization/)
    * [__Integration Fully integrable platform following enterprise standards ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/integration/)
    * [__Security Highest protection against insider and external threats ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/security/)

  * Company __

__Company

Company

    * [__About](https://www.metaco.com/company/about/)
    * [__Media & news](https://www.metaco.com/company/media-coverage-press-releases/)
    * [__Careers](https://www.metaco.com/careers/)

  * Resources __

__Resources

Resources

    * [__Talks](https://www.metaco.com/resources/talks/)
    * [__Webinars](https://www.metaco.com/resources/webinars/)
    * [__Case studies](https://www.metaco.com/resources/case-studies/)
    * [__Reports](https://www.metaco.com/resources/reports/)
    * [__Blog](https://www.metaco.com/resources/blog/)

[Contact](https://www.metaco.com/contact/ "Contact")

[Blog](https://www.metaco.com/category/blog/)

# Preparing for a paradigm shift in financial services

 _Institutions will need to get comfortable with the idea of interfacing on
truly distributed infrastructure to pave the way for reimaging financial
services._  


  * __ February 16, 2024
  *  __6 min

Share

  * [ __](https://www.linkedin.com/sharing/share-offsite/?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.metaco.com%2Fblog%2Fparadigm-shift-rajeev-tummala-hsbc%2F)
  * [__](https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Metaco+https%3A%2F%2Fwww.metaco.com%2Fblog%2Fparadigm-shift-rajeev-tummala-hsbc%2F+via+%40metaco_sa)

When HSBC’s Rajeev Tummala first   appeared on [Metaco
Talks](https://www.metaco.com/category/talks/) in October 2021, he made a
[bold prediction](https://www.metaco.com/talks/capitalizing-on-tokenization-w-
rajeev-tummala/): all assets would eventually be programmable and reside on
distributed ledgers. While that view may no longer appear as radical in light
of recent institutional adoption of blockchain technology, we have yet to
achieve mainstream adoption at scale.

As Tummala, the Head of Digital & Data (Asia & MENA) at HSBC’s Securities
Services business, explained during his return to Metaco Talks [in January
2024](https://www.metaco.com/talks/institutional-value-chain-tokenized-
securities-rajeev-tummala-hsbc/), this will set the stage for a paradigm shift
for the financial industry, in much the same way that widespread adoption of
smartphones laid the groundwork to reimagine how we live, work and interact
with the world.

#### **Three steps to reimagination**

According to Tummala, the first step towards a paradigm shift for reimaging a
business is transitioning existing processes onto new infrastructure. So, for
example, he believes computer  mainframes offered an “incremental” shift but
not a “paradigm” shift. It was, however, the  “graphical user interface” that
transformed consumers’ interaction with technology, giving rise to the
personal computing revolution and, ultimately, a paradigm shift.

Enabled by this type of new infrastructure, we saw the transformation of
service delivery – for example, displaying real-time updates on when taxis
will arrive or managing demand using surge pricing. Then came the
reimagination of the business itself, with the introduction of the smartphone,
leading to the paradigm shift for transportation represented by modern ride-
hailing apps.

The financial industry has entered the transition phase of its own
reimagination journey, but because it is highly regulated, the pace of
transformation might be slower than in other industries. That makes timing the
arrival of a new  paradigm shift for financial services harder to predict.

“I can’t say whether it’ll be five years from now or seven or ten, but it’s
going to be an exciting phase,” said Tummala.

When it does arrive, reimagination will result in a step change in efficient
and productivity.

One of the “reimagination applications” Tummala is most excited about is
“affordable diversity.” Essentially, this refers to the ability for investors
to spread their portfolios across a much broader range of assets at much
smaller ticket sizes than currently possible. And that also implies
democratized access to new asset classes for smaller investors. For example,
“I could invest $50 into a private equity fund, $50 into S&P 500, and $50 into
something else that specializes in emerging digital assets.”

#### **No longer hype**

Despite all the fanfare surrounding digital assets , institutional investment
in tokenization infrastructure is becoming a reality and gathering momentum.
Tummala pointed out that previous hype had come with a “silver lining”,
establishing the capacity to implement the technology. For example, banks now
benefit from an abundance of relevant talent.

At first, it may be just a case of tokenizing the [$100 trillion-
plus](https://www.visualcapitalist.com/the-109-trillion-global-stock-market-
in-one-chart/) worth of existing traditional assets, opening the door to a
host of as-yet-unimagined possibilities.

The industry “recognizes the potential of this particular technology and the
efficiencies it can bring,” said Tummala. “More importantly, it enables
accessibility to assets. You don’t need to go out and create a new algorithmic
asset. You can take the traditional asset and, owing to efficiencies, you can
begin to trade small tickets.”

The reimagination phase will kick off once the infrastructure becomes
commoditized, said Tummala. “We have seen significant upgrades to the
infrastructure, but it is still looked upon as a specialty infrastructure.”

Another current limitation is that the infrastructure does not yet support the
full asset lifecycle. The introduction of software libraries on blockchain to
support the full asset lifecycle would mark an important milestone in
commoditization of the infrastructure. That could well be hastened when the US
market moves to T+1 in May, increasing the urgency for quicker, more efficient
settlement.

#### **Averting fragmented liquidity**

As adoption grows, the need for standardization and interoperability will
become more pressing to prevent fracturing liquidity. To that end, public
blockchains could serve as a vital interoperability layer, Tummala suggested,
establishing the scale and critical mass of users necessary to support a
paradigm shift.

Activity on permissioned or private blockchains has helped the industry become
comfortable with the technology – especially in light of the lack of
regulatory clarity about public blockchains. While institutions could continue
performing many sensitive internal operations on private chains, they should
prepare themselves to interface with others via public blockchains, which
constitute “a utility that’s not controlled by anyone,” as Tummala put it.

> “We have to get comfortable with infrastructure that is not owned by anyone,
> that is truly distributed. That’s something that not all of us are yet
> comfortable with in the ecosystem. That’s primarily where the choke points
> are right now.”

## Listen to the **full episode**

[ Go to episode](https://www.metaco.com/talks/institutional-value-chain-
tokenized-securities-rajeev-tummala-hsbc/ "Go to episode")

![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/footer.png?x88149)

[![Metaco](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/logo-w.svg?x88149)](https://www.metaco.com)

  * [Solutions](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/)
    * [Global Custodians](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/global-custodians-top-tier-banks/)
    * [Universal Banks](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/universal-banks/)
    * [Neobanks & Fintechs](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/neobanks-fintechs/)
    * [Regulated Exchanges](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/regulated-exchanges/)
    * [Corporates](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/corporates/)
  * [Platform](https://www.metaco.com/platform/)
    * [Harmonize™](https://www.metaco.com/platform/harmonize/)
    * [Custody](https://www.metaco.com/platform/custody/)
    * [Trading](https://www.metaco.com/platform/trading/)
    * [Web3](https://www.metaco.com/platform/web3/)
    * [Governance](https://www.metaco.com/platform/governance/)
    * [Orchestration](https://www.metaco.com/platform/orchestration/)
    * [Tokenization](https://www.metaco.com/platform/tokenization/)
    * [Integration](https://www.metaco.com/platform/integration/)
    * [Security](https://www.metaco.com/platform/security/)
  * [Company](https://www.metaco.com/company/media-coverage-press-releases/)
    * [About](https://www.metaco.com/company/about/)
    * [Media & news](https://www.metaco.com/company/media-coverage-press-releases/)
    * [Jobs](https://www.metaco.com/jobs/)
  * [Resources](https://www.metaco.com/resources/)
    * [Talks](https://www.metaco.com/resources/talks/)
    * [Webinars](https://www.metaco.com/resources/webinars/)
    * [Case studies](https://www.metaco.com/resources/case-studies/)
    * [Reports](https://www.metaco.com/resources/reports/)
    * [Blog](https://www.metaco.com/resources/blog/)

![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/10/sco2.png?x88149)![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/10/iso27001.png?x88149)

  * [__](https://www.twitter.com/metaco_sa "Twitter: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")
  * [__](https://www.linkedin.com/company/metaco-ag/ "Linkedin: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")
  * [__](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC4MLOKnJD9bXfHVXMnHM7ow "Youtube: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")
  * [__](https://open.spotify.com/show/0IiI7iftR3F3RqinfJbpRT "Spotify: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")

© 2015-2024 - Metaco SA - All Rights Reserved |[ Terms & Conditions](https://www.metaco.com/terms-conditions/) | [Privacy Policy](https://www.metaco.com/privacy-policy/) | [Cookie policy](https://www.metaco.com/cookie-policy/)

