[](https://www.binance.com/en)

[Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/crypto/buy)

[Markets](https://www.binance.com/en/markets/overview)

Trade

Basic

  * [SpotBuy and sell on the Spot market with advanced tools](https://www.binance.com/en/trade/BTC_USDT?type=spot)
  * [MarginIncrease your profits with leverage](https://www.binance.com/en/trade?type=cross)
  * [P2PBuy & sell cryptocurrencies using bank transfer and 800+ options](https://p2p.binance.com/en)
  * [Convert & Block TradeThe easiest way to trade at all sizes](https://www.binance.com/en/convert)

Advanced

  * [Trading BotsTrade smarter with our various automated strategies - easy, fast and reliable](https://www.binance.com/en/trading-bots)
  * [Copy TradingFollow the most popular traders](https://www.binance.com/en/copy-trading)
  * [APIsUnlimited opportunities with one key](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-api)

[Futures](https://www.binance.com/en/futures/home)

  * [USDⓈ-M FuturesContracts settled in USDT and USDC](https://www.binance.com/en/futures)
  * [COIN-M FuturesContracts settled in cryptocurrency](https://www.binance.com/en/delivery)
  * [OptionsUSDT Options with limited downside and affordable entry](https://www.binance.com/en/eoptions)

[Earn](https://www.binance.com/en/earn)

[Square](https://www.binance.com/en/square)

  * [SquareStay informed with everything crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/square)
  * [Academy (Learn & Earn)Earn crypto by learning about blockchain](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn)
  * [BlogExpand your knowledge and get the latest insights](https://www.binance.com/en/blog)
  * [ResearchInstitutional-grade analysis, in-depth insights, and more](https://www.binance.com/en/research)

More

  * [VIP & InstitutionalYour trusted digital asset platform for VIPs and institutions](https://www.binance.com/en/vip-institutional-services)
  * [Launchpad & LaunchpoolDiscover and gain access to new token launches](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)
  * [MegadropLock your BNB and complete Web3 quests for boosted airdrop rewards](https://www.binance.com/en/megadrop)
  * [Mining PoolMine more rewards by connecting to the pool](https://pool.binance.com/en)
  * [PaySend, receive and spend crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/payment)
  * [LoansGet an instant loan secured by crypto assets](https://www.binance.com/en/loan)

  * [NFTExplore NFTs from creators worldwide](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/home)
  * [Fan TokenDiscover an all-new fandom and unlock unlimited fan experiences](https://www.binance.com/en/fan-token)
  * [Web3 WalletMeet the next-generation Web3 wallet](https://www.binance.com/en/web3wallet)
  * [BNB ChainThe most popular blockchain to build your own dApp](https://www.bnbchain.org)
  * [CharityBlockchain empowers charity to be more transparent, efficient, and traceable](https://www.binance.charity)

##### [Binance Blog](/blog)

# How to Use the Binance Futures Leaderboard to Get Trading Insights?

2024-01-11

Disclaimer: _Digital asset prices can be volatile. Not financial advice. Do
your own research. See full terms_[
__](https://www.binance.com/en/live/content-
terms)[__here__](https://www.binance.com/en/live/content-terms) _and our risk
warning_[ __](https://www.binance.com/en/risk-
warning)[__here__](https://www.binance.com/en/risk-warning) _and below.
Binance Futures products are restricted in certain countries and to certain
users. This communication is not intended for users/countries to which
restrictions apply._

##  Main Takeaways

  * The Binance Futures Leaderboard is a strategic tool for investors to discover and follow traders with a proven track record on Binance Futures. 

  * It allows traders access to trading strategies and insights that deliver good results to top traders and consistent trading performance.

  * The Leaderboard enables traders to tap into the strategies of the top performers and formulate their own.

The fluctuating nature of the cryptocurrency market makes finding the right
trading strategy a daunting task. Making regular profits from crypto markets
without a clear strategy or insight, thus, becomes extremely difficult.
[_Binance Futures Leaderboard_](https://www.binance.com/en/futures-
activity/leaderboard/top-ranking) provides traders with the possibility of
following and copying the strategy of sophisticated traders with the best
performance on the platform.

But how exactly can you leverage this tool to sharpen your trading edge?

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20240123/ed15ee9a-5913-481e-b4d3-7abf4fc9a94b)

## **Binance Futures Leaderboard: Overview**

Binance Futures Leaderboard is a strategic tool for investors to discover and
follow traders with a proven track record of success on the Binance Futures
trading platform. It allows them access to the trading strategies and insights
that give these traders good results and consistent trading performance.

Through the Leaderboard, individuals can track top-performing traders across
various crypto derivatives contracts – options and futures. The page displays
their past performances and share positions, which other traders can use for
more informed decision-making.

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20240111/202bc543-04ae-4b63-8021-8109b8e4e483)

### **Top ranking**

Want to filter through the most successful traders? Here's where you find top
ROI traders, top PNL traders, and the most popular traders on different
derivatives products.

[_This section_](https://www.binance.com/en/futures-activity/leaderboard/top-
ranking) displays a generalized overview of the top and featured Coin-Margined
and USDⓈ-Margined futures and options traders, popular grid trading bots. It
can be further filtered by top ROI traders, top PNL traders, and the most
popular traders on different derivatives products to narrow down the hunt.

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20240111/dc962358-967c-49f7-a6dc-c32886032cd9)

### **Futures and options**

Those two Leaderboard sections follow the same logic for both
[_futures_](https://www.binance.com/en/futures-activity/leaderboard/futures)
and [_options_](https://www.binance.com/en/futures-
activity/leaderboard/options) contracts.

The respective sections rank traders based on a set of parameters, such as the
type, time, and sort by, that allow individuals to customize the leaderboard
view. Or traders can simply search for the trader they intend to follow using
their nickname. The search for a top trader can further be narrowed down by
enabling “**only show sharing positions** ” to display only the traders that
allow others to view their open positions. “**positions in progress** ” or
“**last trade: [date]** ” is displayed in the profile overview of those
sharing their positions.

#### By type

Binance Leaderboard ranks traders based on both Coin-Margined and
USDⓈ-Margined Futures products. Coin-Margined contracts are denominated and
settled in the underlying cryptocurrency, such as BTC and ETH. This eliminates
the need for contract holders to hold stablecoins as collateral. They are also
characterized by a contract multiplier, which is basically the contract’s
value, wherein every BTC contract represents 100 USD and each ETH represents
10 USD. Thus, as the price of the underlying asset increases, so does the
value of the collateral. The contract’s expiration date is either perpetual,
quarterly, or bi-quarterly.

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20240111/5b738e76-5853-4551-b201-c43b3f1a8bf3)

On the other hand, USDⓈ-Margined futures contracts are often denominated and
settled in USD-pegged stablecoins, specifically USDT and USDC. Every contract
has a defined base asset quantity delivered for a single contract, called a
contract unit. This means that a BTC/USDT contract represents one unit of the
base asset. USDⓈ-Margined Futures contracts expiration dates are either
perpetual or quarterly. The same settlement currency can be used across
various contracts, such as ETH, BCH, XRP, and so on, which translates to
flexibility.

Filtering the leaderboard using USDⓈ-Margined and Coin-Margined futures
contracts allows traders to view top traders holding positions in either one
of those contract types.

#### Top PNL traders

Who's really turning a profit? The Leaderboard's top PNL traders give you the
rundown.

Check out the daily, weekly, monthly, or total PNL metrics with this feature.

Profit and Loss, or PNL, is the calculation of the profits or losses made from
a futures position. This metric is used to evaluate a trader’s performance
within a specific timeframe in the futures market. PNL is either a floating
loss or profit until the position is closed. This means that the trader’s
position may have a floating profit and end up with a profit when it’s closed,
or vice versa. PNL is calculated as follows:

_PNL = Ending Wallet Balance (Current Time) - Beginning Wallet Balance (00:00
on the Start Date) - Net Inflow_

 _PNL % = PNL during the Selected Time Frame / (Beginning Wallet Balance +
Inflow)_

_Cumulative PNL = Cumulative PNL / [Day 1 Asset + Average (Cumulative Net
Transfer from Day 1 to N)]_

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20240111/aa3acb2f-f077-4fff-8f26-f0b8580e7e07)

In the Leaderboard, PNL is calculated in USD for USD-Margined contracts and in
BTC for USDⓈ-Margined contracts. The top PNL traders can be viewed based on
their daily, weekly, monthly, or total PNL. Typically, a higher PNL indicates
the profitability of an investment. The top PNL traders are listed in
descending order regardless of their ROI value.

#### Top ROI traders

Wondering whose strategies are yielding the highest returns? The top ROI
section is where you find your answers.Return on Investment or ROI represents
a ratio of percentage value reflecting a certain trade’s efficiency or
profitability. It evaluates the return on a trade based on its purchasing
cost. Hence, it is calculated by finding the quotient of the net profit over
the net cost and multiplying it by 100% to find the percentage value.

_ROI = (Current Value - Total Cost) / Total Cost_

 _ROI = (Net Profit / Net Cost) * 100_

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20240111/f089a600-3689-48e6-82e7-8dc882133442)

Binance Leaderboard determines the top ROI traders by taking into
consideration the period for the ROI, such as daily, weekly, monthly, or total
ROI. This ensures that there is efficiency in calculating the profitability of
a position. Essentially, a high ROI value reflects the profitability of a
position. A negative ROI indicates that the total acquisition cost is higher
than the return. Thus, the top ROI traders are listed in descending order
regardless of their PNL.

The top traders can also be sorted by followers, where the traders are ranked
from the trader with the highest number of followers to the lowest.

### **Trading bots**

This parameter takes you to the [_trading bots landing
page_](https://www.binance.com/en/trading-bots) , which allows you to create
your trading bots and to replicate trading bots strategies displayed on the
Bot Marketplace. [_Trading
bots_](https://academy.binance.com/ja/articles/what-are-crypto-trading-bots-
and-how-do-they-work) are automation tools that aid traders in buying and
selling cryptocurrencies based on predefined parameters. It enables traders to
identify and replicate trending strategies on Binance and execute trades at
the right time for a desired price.

#### Bot list

The bot list features a spot grid, futures grid, rebalancing bot, spot algo
orders, auto-invest, futures TWAP, futures VP, and spot DCA.

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20240111/005e83cc-1588-4c9a-b220-022eadf5e96c)

  * **Spot Grid** allows traders to automatically buy low and sell high 24/7 in volatile markets and within preset ranges. 

  * **Futures Grid** amplifies a trader’s purchasing power using USD-Margined and COIN-Margined contracts as well as short orders.

  * **Rebalancing Bot** supports an investment portfolio, enabling traders to enter long-term futures positions while diversifying investment risks.

  * **Spot Algo Orders** improves large order executions in smaller blocks with intelligent algo orders.

  * **Auto Invest** allows traders to create their own futures trading plans and accumulate crypto from recurring investments.

  * **Futures TWAP** divides large orders into small orders to optimize execution price.

  * **Futures VP** also divides large orders into smaller orders to get better execution prices. However, it is targeted towards a specific [_market volume_](https://academy.binance.com/en/glossary/volume) ratio or percentage.

  * **Spot DCA** allows the automatic placement of buy/sell orders, which facilitates a favourable closing position.

#### Bot marketplace

The bot marketplace is categorised into spot grid and futures grid trading
bots, which can be further filtered based on market, direction, runtime, ROI,
and zone. It can be sorted by the top ROI, top PNL, or top copied. The zone
menu allows users to filter strategies by token categories (e.g. AI, later-1,
layer-2). the runtime can be as low as less than 1 day and or as high as
possible, 30d+.

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20240111/80880078-f889-468a-9eaf-80abc3e60a72)

#### Hot coin leaderboard

**Hot coin leaderboard** features the trending market top 10 and volatility
top 10 for both the spot grid and futures grid. The **trending market top 10**
displays the top 10 trending asset pairs, which are ranked based on the number
of active strategies. Their ranking runs from the asset pair with the highest
number of running strategies to that with the lowest. If more than one asset
pair has the same number of running strategies, the runtime is used to break
the tie. If the runtime is also equal, the ranking is randomly determined.

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20240111/0a8dbd23-8c3a-46fb-b45b-b8ce7fe92400)

**Volatility top 10** , on the other hand, showcases the top 10 trending asset
pairs according to their volatility, a metric often used in grid trading
strategies. The asset pair with the highest volatility typically ranks higher.
If two assets show the same volatility level, the 24-hour change breaks the
tie. The ranking is randomly determined if both the 24-hour change and the
volatility levels are equal.

### Copy Trading

[ _Copy trading_](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/futures/copy-trading-
essential-criteria-for-selecting-lead-traders-5061215295703009149) is a
trading strategy wherein a trader copies the portfolio of an experienced
trader in real time. It allows them to determine their investment amount, and
the system automatically copies the trades from the lead trader the individual
follows.

The [_copy trading page_](https://www.binance.com/en/copy-trading) allows
users to copy or mock copy the trades of the experts they follow. Mock copy is
a trading technique that involves copy trading with virtual funds. Top traders
can be filtered using the trading period (7D, 30D, 90D), PnL, ROI, MDD
(Maximum Drawdown), AUM (assets under management), Copy Traders, Copy Trader
PnL, and Sharpe Ratio. Users can also choose to “**hide full portfolios** ” to
hide portfolios with the maximum number of copy traders and mock copy traders.
They can also select to view only traders that offer trading APIs.

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20240111/b4aa50b0-986f-4adc-9206-418f5119c992)

## Closing Thoughts

The Binance Futures Leaderboard is a powerful tool for new traders to learn
and copy the strategies of the best performers on the platform.

However, the past performance of the top traders does not necessarily
guarantee that the succeeding trades will be successful. Hence, it is
essential to practise proper risk management and do due diligence before
following and copying a trader.

## Further Reading

  * [ _(Blog) Step-by-Step Guide to Trading Binance Options_](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/futures/stepbystep-guide-to-trading-binance-options-9103837153565975386)

  * [ _(FAQ)Introduction to Binance Options_](https://www.binance.com/en/support/faq/introduction-to-binance-options-374321c9317c473480243365298b8706)

  * [ _(Blog) Understanding the Crypto Options Data Page on Binance_](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/futures/understanding-the-crypto-options-data-page-on-binance-722896077045740044)

Risk Warning:

_Options Trading_

 _The risk in options trading is that loss of your entire investment within a
relatively short period of time is comparatively high. It is possible that
your loss and the resulting payment obligation may be higher than the amount
you had invested. Therefore, you are advised to read carefully and understand
the_[ __Options Service Agreement__](https://www.binance.com/en/legal/terms-
options) _.   You may experience a significant loss that can quickly exceed
your initial investment. If you create contingent orders, such as a “stop
loss” or “stop limit” order, such orders will not necessarily limit your
losses to the intended amount, for instance, market conditions may make such
limits unviable. Furthermore, as “leverage” is allowed in trading, please note
that it can work both for you and against you. Exploiting such “leverage” may
lead to larger losses or higher profits._

_No Representation_

 _This content is presented to you on an "as is" basis for general information
and educational purposes only, without representation or warranty of any kind.
It is not intended or should not be construed as financial or investment
advice, nor is it to recommend or intend to recommend the purchase or sale of
any specific product(s) or service(s)._

_Hypothetical Performance Results_

 _Digital asset prices can be volatile. The value of your investment may go
down or up, and you may not get back the amount invested. Any results posted
herein are intended as examples only to provide you with a reference of what
potentially could have made or lost trading with the technical indicators and
tools, but are in no way a reflection of what you could have made or lost in
the same situation. Therefore, you should not rely on the results as a
representation of what your returns or losses would have been utilizing such
technical indicators. There are numerous other factors related to the market
in general or to the implementation of any specific trading program which
cannot be fully accounted for in the preparation of hypothetical performance
results and all of which can adversely affect actual trading results. Past
performance should not be taken as an indication or guarantee of future
performance, and no representation or warranty, expressed or implied is made
regarding future performance. In no way is results or performance guaranteed
by Binance._

_Responsibilities  _

_You are solely responsible for your investment decisions, and Binance is not
liable for any losses or damages you may incur. The risk warning described
herein is not exhaustive, therefore you should carefully consider your
investment experience, financial situation, investment objective, risk
tolerance level and consult your independent financial adviser as to the
suitability of your situation prior making any investment. For more
information, see our Terms of Use and Risk Warning._

_The products and services referred to herein may be restricted in certain
jurisdictions or regions or to certain users in accordance with applicable
legal and regulatory requirements. You are solely responsible for informing
yourself about and observing any restrictions and/or requirements imposed with
respect to the access to and use of any products and services offered by or
available through Binance in each country or region from which they are
accessed by you or on your behalf. Binance reserves the right to change,
modify or impose additional restrictions with respect to the access to and use
of any products and/or services offered from time to time in its sole
discretion at any time without notification._

Like this post

###### Share Post

Article Outlines

How to Use the Binance Futures Leaderboard to Get Trading Insights?

Main Takeaways

Binance Futures Leaderboard: Overview

Closing Thoughts

Further Reading

### Community

[](https://discord.gg/jE4wt8g2H2)[](https://www.binance.com/en/community)[](https://www.tiktok.com/@binance?lang=en)[](https://www.facebook.com/binance)[](https://twitter.com/binance)[](https://www.reddit.com/r/binance)[](https://www.instagram.com/Binance/)[](https://coinmarketcap.com/exchanges/binance/)[](https://www.youtube.com/binanceyoutube)[](https://www.binance.com/en/community)

English

English

العربية

العربية (البحرين)

български

Čeština

Dansk

Deutsch (Schweiz)

Ελληνικά

English (UAE)

English (Australia)

English (Bahrain)

English (India)

English (Japan)

English (Kazakhstan)

English (Nigeria)

English (New Zealand)

English (South Africa)

Español (España)

Español (Argentina)

Español (Latinoamérica)

Español (México)

Français

Français (Afrique)

magyar nyelv

Bahasa Indonesia

Italiano

日本語

Қазақша (Қазақстан)

Қазақша

ລາວ

latviešu valoda

Polski

Português

Português (Brasil)

Română

Русский

Русский (Казахстан)

Русский (Украина)

සිංහල

Slovenčina

Slovenščina

Svenska

Türkçe

Українська

Tiếng Việt

简体中文

繁體中文

USD-$

USD-$

AED-د.إ

ARS-ARS$

AUD-A$

BDT-৳

BGN-лв

BHD-.د.ب

BOB-$b

BRL-R$

CAD-C$

CHF-CHF

CNY-¥

COP-COL$

CZK-Kč

DKK-KR

EGP-E£

EUR-€

GBP-£

HKD-HKD

HRK-kn

HUF-Ft

IDR-Rp

INR-₹

JPY-¥

KES-KSh

KWD-ك.د

KZT-₸

MAD-م.د.

MNT-₮

MXN-Mex$

NZD-NZ$

OMR-ر.ع.

PEN-S/.

PHP-₱

PKR-₨

PLN-zł

QAR-ر.ق

RON-lei

RUB-₽

SAR-ر.س

SEK-kr

THB-฿

TRY-₺

TWD-NT$

UAH-₴

UGX-USh

VES-Bs

VND-₫

ZAR-R

Theme

English

USD

Theme

### About Us

  * [About](https://www.binance.com/en/about)
  * [Careers](https://www.binance.com/en/careers)
  * [Announcements](https://www.binance.com/en/support/announcement)
  * [News](https://www.binance.com/en/square/news/all)
  * [Press](https://www.binance.com/en/press)
  * [Legal](https://www.binance.com/en/legal/home)
  * [Terms](https://www.binance.com/en/terms)
  * [Privacy](https://www.binance.com/en/about-legal/privacy-portal)
  * [Building Trust](https://www.binance.com/en/land/building_trust)
  * [Blog](https://www.binance.com/en/blog)
  * [Community](https://www.binance.com/en/community)
  * [Sitemap](https://www.binance.com/en/country-region-selector)
  * [Risk Warning](https://www.binance.com/en/risk-warning)
  * [Notices](https://www.binance.com/en/support/list/notices)
  * [Downloads](https://www.binance.com/en/download)
  * [Desktop Application](https://www.binance.com/en/desktop-download)

### Products

  * [Exchange](https://www.binance.com/en/trade)
  * [Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/buy-sell-crypto)
  * [Leveraged Tokens](https://www.binance.com/en/leveraged-tokens/tokens/allTokens)
  * [TradingView](https://www.binance.com/en/land/tradingview)
  * [Pay](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/payment)
  * [Academy](https://academy.binance.com/en)
  * [Live](https://www.binance.com/en/live)
  * [Tax](https://www.binance.com/en/tax)
  * [Gift Card](https://www.binance.com/en/gift-card)
  * [Launchpad & Launchpool](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)
  * [Auto-Invest](https://www.binance.com/en/auto-invest)
  * [ETH Staking](https://www.binance.com/en/eth2)
  * [NFT](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/home)
  * [BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/bnb)
  * [BABT](https://www.binance.com/en/BABT?source=footer)
  * [Research](https://www.binance.com/en/research)
  * [Charity](https://www.binance.charity)

### Business

  * [P2P Merchant Application](https://c2c.binance.com/en/merchantApplication)
  * [P2Pro Merchant Application](https://p2p.binance.com/en/p2pro)
  * [Listing Application](https://www.binance.com/en/my/coin-apply)
  * [Institutional & VIP Services](https://www.binance.com/en/vip-institutional-services)
  * [Labs](https://labs.binance.com/)

### Learn

  * [Learn & Earn](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn)
  * [Browse Crypto Prices](https://www.binance.com/en/price)
  * [Bitcoin Price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/bitcoin)
  * [Ethereum Price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/ethereum)
  * [Browse Crypto Price Predictions](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction)
  * [Bitcoin Price Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction/bitcoin)
  * [Ethereum Price Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction/ethereum)
  * [Buy Bitcoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bitcoin)
  * [Buy BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bnb)
  * [Buy Ripple](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/xrp)
  * [Buy Dogecoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/dogecoin)
  * [Buy Ethereum](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/ethereum)
  * [Buy Tradable Altcoins](https://www.binance.com/en/altcoins/tradable)

### Service

  * [Affiliate](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/affiliate)
  * [Referral](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/referral?utm_source=Lite_web_footer)
  * [OTC Trading](https://www.binance.com/en/otc)
  * [Historical Market Data](https://www.binance.com/en/landing/data)
  * [Proof of Reserves](https://www.binance.com/en/proof-of-reserves)

### Support

  * [24/7 Chat Support](https://www.binance.com/en/chat?sourceEntry=4)
  * [Support Center](https://www.binance.com/en/support)
  * [Product Feedback & Suggestions](https://www.binance.com/en/my/user-support/feedback/entry)
  * [Fees](https://www.binance.com/en/fee/schedule)
  * [APIs](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-api)
  * [Binance Verify](https://www.binance.com/en/official-verification)
  * [Trading Rules](https://www.binance.com/en/trade-rule)
  * [Binance Airdrop Portal](https://www.binance.com/en/airdrop)
  * [Law Enforcement Requests](https://www.binance.com/en/support/law-enforcement)

Binance© 2024Cookie Preferences

