[](/)[](/)

[](/)[](/)

[Open Beta](/download)

Wallet

Connect

Account

[Sign in](/login)[Sign up](/signup)

# Terms of Use

**TERMS**

Last Updated: March 11, 2024

PARALLEL is an application that provides users with the opportunity to
purchase, collect, and showcase digital blockchain collectibles (collectively,
the “App”). 12783185 Canada Inc. dba Parallel ("Parallel”, "we", or "us")
either directly or by way of one of its licensees, is making the App available
to you. The App provides users with the opportunity to purchase, collect and
showcase digital blockchain collectibles in the form of CARDS (each, a
“CARD”), and collect, earn and redeem digital tokens, rewards or credits
(each, a "PRIME"). Each CARD and PRIME is an ERC-20 compatible token (a
"Token") on the Ethereum Network. Before you use the App, however, you will
need to agree to these Terms of Use and any terms and conditions incorporated
herein by reference (collectively, these “Terms").

These Terms require the use of arbitration to resolve disputes, rather than
recourse to the judicial system.

PLEASE READ THESE TERMS CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THE APP. THESE TERMS GOVERN
YOUR USE OF THE APP, UNLESS WE HAVE EXECUTED A SEPARATE WRITTEN AGREEMENT WITH
YOU FOR THAT PURPOSE. WE ARE ONLY WILLING TO MAKE THE APP AVAILABLE TO YOU IF
YOU ACCEPT ALL OF THESE TERMS. BY USING THE APP OR ANY PART OF IT, OR BY
CLICKING “I ACCEPT” BELOW OR INDICATING YOUR ACCEPTANCE IN AN ADJOINING BOX,
YOU ARE CONFIRMING THAT YOU UNDERSTAND AND AGREE TO BE BOUND BY ALL OF THESE
TERMS. IF YOU ARE ACCEPTING THESE TERMS ON BEHALF OF A COMPANY OR OTHER LEGAL
ENTITY, YOU REPRESENT THAT YOU HAVE THE LEGAL AUTHORITY TO ACCEPT THESE TERMS
ON THAT ENTITY'S BEHALF, IN WHICH CASE “YOU” WILL MEAN THAT ENTITY. IF YOU DO
NOT HAVE SUCH AUTHORITY, OR IF YOU DO NOT ACCEPT ALL OF THESE TERMS, THEN WE
ARE UNWILLING TO MAKE THE APP AVAILABLE TO YOU. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THESE
TERMS, YOU MAY NOT ACCESS OR USE THE APP.

THIS AGREEMENT CONTAINS AN ARBITRATION PROVISION (SEE SECTION 16). PLEASE
REVIEW THE ARBITRATION PROVISION CAREFULLY, SINCE IT AFFECTS YOUR RIGHTS. BY
USING THE APP OR ANY PART OF IT, OR BY CLICKING “I ACCEPT” BELOW OR INDICATING
YOUR ACCEPTANCE IN AN ADJOINING BOX, YOU UNDERSTAND AND AGREE TO BE BOUND BY
THE ARBITRATION PROVISION.

ANY PURCHASE OR SALE YOU MAKE, ACCEPT OR FACILITATE OUTSIDE OF THIS APP OF A
CARD OR PRIME (WHERE APPLICABLE) WILL BE ENTIRELY AT YOUR RISK. WE DO NOT
CONTROL OR ENDORSE PURCHASES OR SALES OF CARDS OR PRIME OUTSIDE OF THIS APP.
WE EXPRESSLY DENY ANY OBLIGATION TO INDEMNIFY YOU OR HOLD YOU HARMLESS FOR ANY
LOSSES YOU MAY INCUR BY TRANSACTING, OR FACILITATING TRANSACTIONS, IN CARDS OR
PRIME OUTSIDE OF THIS APP.

This document contains very important information regarding your rights and
obligations, as well as conditions, limitations and exclusions that might
apply to you. Please read it carefully.

BY USING THE APP OR ANY PART OF IT, OR BY CLICKING “I ACCEPT” BELOW OR
INDICATING YOUR ACCEPTANCE IN AN ADJOINING BOX, YOU ARE CONFIRMING THAT YOU
UNDERSTAND AND AGREE TO BE BOUND BY ALL OF THESE TERMS.

Any changes to these Terms will be in effect as of the “Last Updated Date”
referred to at the top of this page. You should review these Terms before
using the App or purchasing any product or using any services that are
available through this App. Your continued use of this App after the “Last
Updated Date” will constitute your acceptance of and agreement to such
changes.

By using this App, you affirm that you are of legal age to enter into these
Terms, and you accept and are bound by these Terns. You affirm that if you are
using this App on behalf of an organization or company, you have the legal
authority to bind any such organization or company to these Terms.

You may not use this App if you: (i) do not agree to these Terms; (ii) are not
of the age of majority in your jurisdiction of residence; or (iii) are
prohibited from accessing or using this App or any of this App’s contents,
products or services by applicable law.

1\. USE OF THE APP; ACCOUNT SET-UP AND SECURITY

● Account and Wallet Set-Up. To most easily use the App, you should first
install a web browser (such as Google Chrome). You will also need to use a
digital wallet (such as MetaMask™ or other supported electronic wallets),
which will enable you to purchase and store collectibles that you collect or
purchase. Each collectible is a Token.

● Account Registration. You must provide accurate and complete registration
information when you create an account for the App. By creating an account,
you agree to provide accurate, current and complete account information about
yourself, and to maintain and promptly update your account information as
necessary. We reserve the right reclaim usernames without liability to you.

● Account Security. You are responsible for the security of your account for
the App and for your digital wallets. If you become aware of any unauthorized
use of your password or of your account with us, you agree to notify us
immediately at info@parallelnft.com.

● Account Transactions. You can use your digital wallet to purchase, store,
and engage in transactions, or via one or more cryptocurrencies that we may
elect to accept from time to time. Transactions that take place on the App are
managed and confirmed via the Ethereum Blockchain Network. You understand that
your Ethereum Network public address will be made publicly visible whenever
you engage in a transaction on the App.

2\. PURCHASING AND EARNING YOUR CARDS

● Acquiring Collectible Cards. The App allows you to purchase, earn, collect
and showcase CARDS (each, a “CARD”). Each CARD is a Token on the Ethereum
Network.

● Purchasing CARDS. You can purchase CARDS in two ways:

● by buying individual or packs of CARDS on the App (each, a “Pack”) from
Echelon Prime Inc., a company located in the British Virgin Islands to whom
Parallel has licensed the App; or

● by buying CARDS from other users in a 3rd party digital marketplace.

There are different types of Packs available for purchase on the App, and we
reserve the right to modify the types, prices and numbers of Packs or
individual CARDS available at our discretion. Depending on the type of Pack
you buy, you will collect CARDS of varying levels of scarcity. Before you buy
a Pack, we will let you know the types of CARDS (but not the exact CARDS) that
are contained in that Pack. If you buy an individual CARD from another user in
the Marketplace, you will know the exact CARD that you are purchasing. We
strongly encourage you not to purchase CARDS other than in Packs or on the
Marketplace. If you decide to purchase CARDS in any other way, you understand
that such purchases will be entirely at your sole risk.

● Earning CARDS. You can earn CARDS from Parallel for free by participating in
certain challenges or marketing campaigns on the App, or by completing certain
in-App tasks that Parallel may make generally available from time to time.

● Characteristics of CARDS. CARDS are comprised of a digitally generated 3D
model of a character or 3D model of artifacts rendered by an artist, and a set
of statistics that are associated with one or more characters. Each CARD has a
defined set of attributes – including scarcity – which help determine the
value of the CARD.

● Subjectivity of CARDS. The value of each CARD is inherently subjective, in
the same way the value of other collectibles is inherently subjective. Each
CARD has no inherent or intrinsic value. Some collectors might prefer to have
a CARD featuring a 3D model of a character, while another might prefer an
equivalent CARD featuring 3D model of an object.

● PARALLEL MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED,
WRITTEN OR ORAL, IN CONNECTION WITH THE PRICE OR VALUE OF ANY CARDS SOLD,
PURCHASED, TRANSFERRED OR OTHERWISE TRANSACTED BY WAY OF THE APP, INCLUDING
THAT THE PRICE OR VALUE IS FAIR OR ACCURATE.

3\. EARNING AND REDEEMING PRIME

● PRIME. Parallel may make available to you the opportunity to earn, redeem or
otherwise acquire PRIME for use on the App or with other products and services
of Parallel (as applicable), but shall have no obligation to do so. Each PRIME
is a Token on the Ethereum Network.

● Earning PRIME. PRIME can be received or acquired by interacting with web
experiences associated with the App or other Parallel products and services,
or using the App or other Parallel products and services, including playing
Parallel TCG.

● Ownership of PRIME. PRIME is wholly owned by Echelon Prime Foundation
Silverside Management Ltd., a company located in the Cayman Islands who has
licensed use and distribution of PRIME to you. Except as expressly provided
otherwise in this Section 3, Parallel and/or its licensors reserves all rights
in the PRIME; and although you may benefit from a licence to use and acquire
the PRIME, you do not obtain any ownership rights in respect of PRIME.

● License to PRIME. When you acquire access to PRIME, Parallel grants to you a
licence to use PRIME, subject to the limitations and prohibitions in this
Section 3 or otherwise as set out in these Terms.

● No Monetary Value. You acknowledge and agree that PRIME has no inherent or
intrinsic value, nor does it have any monetary, cash or currency value, and
are not redeemable for money or value, except to the extent required by
applicable law.

● You acknowledge that Parallel may:

(a) vary the in-App value or denomination of PRIME or may otherwise take
actions that affect the utility of PRIME;

(b) impose limits upon the amounts of PRIME you may acquire; and

(c) enhance, modify, substitute, terminate, cancel, retire or suspend PRIME
and/or your access to or ability to use or redeem PRIME,

in each case in Parallel's sole discretion and except to the extent prohibited
by applicable law.

● Upon the termination of these Terms, any and all of your rights in relation
to PRIME shall immediately and automatically terminate.

● For the avoidance of doubt, Parallel reserves the right to use technical
measures to enforce the provisions of this Section 3, to the extent it is able
to do so and without notice, penalty or liability to you.

● FOR GREATER CERTAINTY, PARALLEL MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, WRITTEN OR ORAL, IN CONNECTION WITH THE PRICE OR VALUE OF
ANY PRIME SOLD, PURCHASED, TRANSFERRED OR OTHERWISE TRANSACTED BY WAY OF THE
APP, INCLUDING THAT THE PRICE OR VALUE IS FAIR OR ACCURATE.

4\. PAYMENT, GAS FEES, AND TAXES

● Financial Transactions on App. Any payments or financial transactions that
you engage in via the App will be conducted solely through the Ethereum
Network. We have no control over these payments or transactions, nor do we
have the ability to reverse any payments or transactions. We have no liability
to you or to any third party for any claims or damages that may arise as a
result of any payments or transactions that you engage in via the App, or any
other payment or transactions that you conduct via the Ethereum Network. We do
not provide refunds for any purchases that you might make on or through the
App – whether for CARDS, Packs, PRIME (where applicable) or anything else.

● Gas Fees. Every transaction on the Ethereum Network requires the payment of
a transaction fee (each, a “Gas Fee”). The Gas Fees fund the network of
computers that run the decentralized Ethereum Network. This means that you
will need to pay a Gas Fee for each transaction that you instigate via the
App. Except as otherwise expressly set forth in these Terms, you will be
solely responsible to pay any Gas Fee for any transaction that you instigate
via the App.

● Responsibility for Taxes. You will be solely responsible to pay any and all
sales, use, value-added and other taxes, duties, and assessments (except taxes
on our net income) now or hereafter claimed or imposed by any governmental
authority (collectively, the “Taxes”) associated with your use of the App.
Except for income taxes levied on us, you: (a) will pay or reimburse us for
all national, federal, state, local or other taxes and assessments of any
jurisdiction, including value added taxes and taxes as required by
international tax treaties, customs or other import or export taxes, and
amounts levied in lieu thereof based on charges set, services performed or
payments made hereunder, as are now or hereafter may be imposed under the
authority of any national, state, local or any other taxing jurisdiction; and
(b) will not be entitled to deduct the amount of any such taxes, duties or
assessments from payments (including Gas Fees) made to us pursuant to these
Terms. To allow us to determine our tax obligations, unless you otherwise
notify us in writing, you confirm that you are not a resident in Canada nor
are you registered for Goods and services tax / Harmonized sales tax (GST /
HST) or Provincial sales taxes (PST) in Canada, and will inform us if your
status changes in the future.

5\. REFERRAL PROGRAM

  * ● _Referral Program._ In exchange for inviting or referring your friends to join and use the App, you may receive referral credits through your referred friends completing certain actions in the Parallel universe that can be used to redeem various rewards on the App or other products and services of Parallel (the “Referral Program”).

  * ● _Membership._ Membership in the Referral Program is limited to individuals with a valid Parallel Account and is limited to one account per individual. No purchase is necessary to become a member and Parallel Account holders can join the Referral Program at any time. Once you become a member, you will be considered a “Referral Partner” of Parallel.

  * ● _Referring Friends._ Once you become a Referral Partner, you will receive a code (“Referral Code”) as well as an attribution link you can include in your Content. If a User clicks on your link or enters your Referral Code using any device that has signed into that User's Parallel Account, that User will become an “Attributed User.” Each Attributed User that creates a Parallel Account will get 200 Referral Credits after they sign up through use of your Referral Code.

  * ● _Earning Referral Credits._ You will earn credits when an Attributed User completes certain actions using their Parallel Account (“Referral Credits”), including as set out below:Action| Credits  
---|---  
Complete a daily mission| 25  
Complete a weekly challenge| 75  
Purchase a premium battlepass| 500  
  
From time to time, we may offer other ways to earn Referral Credits, including
through hitting certain achievements or participating in promotional programs,
but we are under no obligation to do so. Referral Credits accrued are non-
transferable to other members or accounts and have no cash or monetary value.

  * ● _Redemption._ Referral Credits gained by you through the Referral Program can be used to redeem gift cards or specific products posted on parallel.life/referral-portal. A redeemed product will be provided digitally and/or in the form of a e-gift card, with a value equivalent to the cost of the product as of the redemption date. Referral Credits cannot be redeemed in conjunction with any other discount code or deal. You can commence the redemption process by going to the referral portal and clicking “redeem” on a reward that you have enough Referral Credits for.

  * ● _Expiration of Referral Credits._ The accumulated Referral Credits in your Referral Program account will expire if your User account has neither earned nor redeemed any Referral Credits in the previous 10 years. In the event our Referral Program terminates, members will no longer be able to earn Referral Credits but will have 10 years from the effective date of termination to use any accumulated Referral Credits, after which time the Referral Credits will automatically expire. If your membership or rights to use the App or your Parallel account is cancelled, revoked or otherwise terminated, any Referral Credits in your account will expire upon the effective date of account termination.

  * ● **Right to Terminate.** To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, we reserve the right to terminate the Referral Program or modify, alter, limit or otherwise change the Referral Program at any time, including changes to benefits, membership eligibility and the structure and credits system. Any such modification, alternation or change will be communicated to you in accordance with these Terms. We reserve the right to exclude individuals from the Referral Program for any reason whatsoever at Parallel’s sole discretion, including for any abuse of the Referral Program, failure to follow any of these Terms of Use, misrepresentation or any conduct detrimental to the proper functioning of the Referral Program.

6\. OWNERSHIP, LICENSE, AND OWNERSHIP RESTRICTIONS

YOUR OWNERSHIP OF CARDS OR PRIME WILL ONLY BE RECOGNIZED BY US IF YOU HAVE
PURCHASED OR OTHERWISE RIGHTFULLY ACQUIRED SUCH CARDS OR PRIME FROM A
LEGITIMATE SOURCE AND NOT THROUGH ANY OF THE CATEGORY B PROHIBITED ACTIVITIES
(AS DEFINED BELOW).

For the purposes of this Section 5, the following capitalized terms will have
the following meanings:

“Art” means any art, design, and drawings (in any form or media, including,
without limitation, 3D models, video or photographs, digital or print comics,
books, magazine and blogs, merchandising (toys and clothing), mobile apps, and
video games) that may be associated with a CARD that you Own or otherwise as
provided for on the App.

"Earned PRIME" means PRIME that you Own.

“Own” means, with respect to a CARD, a CARD that you have purchased or
otherwise rightfully acquired from a legitimate source (and not through any of
the Category B Prohibited Activities (as defined below)), where proof of such
purchase is recorded on the Ethereum Network, and with respect to PRIME, PRIME
that you have earned, received or rightfully acquired by way of a license from
a legitimate source (and not through any of the Category B Prohibited
Activities (as defined below), where proof of such acquisition is recorded on
the Ethereum Network.

“Purchased CARD” means a CARD that you Own.

"Third Party IP” means any third party patent rights (including, without
limitation, patent applications and disclosures), copyrights, trade secrets,
trademarks, know-how or any other intellectual property rights recognized in
any country or jurisdiction in the world.

● Ownership of CARD. Because each CARD is a Token on the Ethereum Network,
when you purchase a CARD in accordance with these Terms (and not through any
of the Category B Prohibited Activities), you own the underlying Token
completely. This means that you have the right to swap your CARD, sell it, or
give it away. Ownership of the CARD is mediated entirely by the Ethereum
Network. Except as otherwise permitted by these Terms in cases where we
determine that the CARD has not been rightfully acquired from a legitimate
source (including, without limitation, through any of the Category B
Prohibited Activities), at no point will we seize, freeze, or otherwise modify
the ownership of any CARD.

● Ownership of PRIME. Unlike a CARD, PRIME is not owned by you and is credit
that you can use, transfer or redeem through use of the App or with Parallel's
other products and services. Earned PRIME is licensed to you and owned by
Echelon Prime Foundation Cayman.

● We Own the App. You acknowledge and agree that we (or, as applicable, our
licensors) owns all legal right, title and interest in and to all other
elements of the App, and all intellectual property rights therein (including,
without limitation, all Art, designs, systems, methods, information, computer
code, software, services, “look and feel”, organization, compilation of the
content, code, data, and all other elements of the App (collectively, the “App
Materials”)). You acknowledge that the App Materials are protected by
copyright, trade dress, patent, and trademark laws, international conventions,
other relevant intellectual property and proprietary rights, and applicable
laws. All App Materials are the copyrighted property of us or our licensors,
and all trademarks, service marks, and trade names associated with the App or
otherwise contained in the App Materials are proprietary to us or our
licensors.

● No User License or Ownership of App Materials. Except as expressly set forth
herein, your use of the App does not grant you ownership of or any other
rights with respect to any content, code, data, or other App Materials that
you may access on or through the App. We reserve all rights in and to the App
Materials that are not expressly granted to you in these Terms.

● Further User Ownership Acknowledgements. For the sake of clarity, you
understand and agree: (a) that your purchase of a CARD or earning of PRIME,
whether via the App or otherwise, does not give you any rights or licenses in
or to the App Materials (including, without limitation, our copyright in and
to the associated Art) other than those expressly contained in these Terms;
(b) that you do not have the right, except as otherwise set forth in these
Terms, to reproduce, distribute, or otherwise commercialize any elements of
the App Materials (including, without limitation, any Art) without our prior
written consent in each case, which consent we may withhold in our sole and
absolute discretion; and (c) that you will not apply for, register, or
otherwise use or attempt to use any of our trademarks or service marks, or any
confusingly similar marks, anywhere in the world without our prior written
consent in each case, which consent we may withhold at our sole and absolute
discretion.

● User License to Art. Subject to your continued compliance with these Terms,
we grant you a worldwide, non-exclusive, non-transferable, royalty-free
license to use, copy, and display the Art for your Purchased CARDS, solely for
the following purposes: (a) for your own personal, non-commercial use; (b) as
part of a marketplace that permits the purchase and sale of your Purchased
CARDS, provided that the marketplace cryptographically verifies each CARD
owner’s rights to display the Art for their Purchased CARD to ensure that only
the actual owner can display the Art; or (c) as part of a third party website
or application that permits the inclusion, involvement, or participation of
your Purchased CARD, provided that the website/application cryptographically
verifies each CARD’s owner’s rights to display the Art for their Purchased
CARD to ensure that only the actual owner can display the Art, and provided
that the Art is no longer visible once the owner of the Purchased CARD leaves
the website/application.

● Restrictions on Ownership. You agree that you may not, nor permit any third
party to do or attempt to do any of the foregoing without our (or, as
applicable, our licensors’) express prior written consent in each case: (a)
modify the Art for your Purchased CARD or Earned PRIME in any way, including,
without limitation, the shapes, designs, drawings, attributes, or color
schemes; (b) use the Art for your Purchased CARD, or otherwise use Earned
PRIME, to advertise, market, or sell any third party product or service; (c)
use the Art for your Purchased CARD in connection with images, videos, or
other forms of media that depict hatred, intolerance, violence, cruelty, or
anything else that could reasonably be found to constitute hate speech or
otherwise infringe upon the rights of others; (d) use the Art for your
Purchased CARD in movies, videos, or any other forms of media, except to the
limited extent that such use is expressly permitted in these Terms or solely
for your own personal, non-commercial use; (e) sell, distribute for commercial
gain (including, without limitation, giving away in the hopes of eventual
commercial gain), or otherwise commercialize merchandise that includes,
contains, or consists of the Art for your Purchased CARD or any Earned PRIME;
(f) attempt to trademark, copyright, or otherwise acquire additional
intellectual property rights in or to the Art for your Purchased CARD; or (g)
otherwise utilize the Art for your Purchased CARD or any Earned PRIME for your
or any third party’s commercial benefit.

● Third Party IP. If the Art associated with your Purchased CARD contains
Third Party IP, you understand and agree as follows: (a) that you will not
have the right to use such Third Party IP in any way except as incorporated in
the Art, and subject to the license and restrictions contained herein; (b)
that, depending on the nature of the license granted from the owner of the
Third Party IP, we may need to (and reserve every right to) pass through
additional restrictions on your ability to use the Art; and (c) to the extent
that we inform you of such additional restrictions in writing, you will be
responsible for complying with all such restrictions from the date that you
receive the notice, and that failure to do so will be deemed a breach of the
license contained in this Section 5.

● Other Terms of License. The license granted in this Section 5 applies only
to the extent that you continue to Own the applicable Purchased CARD. If at
any time you sell, swap, donate, give away, transfer, or otherwise dispose of
your Purchased CARD for any reason, the license granted in this Section 5 will
immediately expire with respect to that CARD without the requirement of
notice, and you will have no further rights in or to the Art for that CARD.
The restrictions in this Section 5 ‘Restrictions on Ownership’ and ‘Third
Party IP’ will survive the expiration or termination of these Terms.

● User Feedback. You may choose to submit comments, bug reports, ideas or
other feedback about the App, including without limitation about how to
improve the App (collectively, “Feedback”). By submitting any Feedback, you
agree that we are free to use such Feedback at our discretion and without
additional compensation to you, and to disclose such Feedback to third parties
(whether on a non-confidential basis, or otherwise). You hereby grant us a
perpetual, irrevocable, nonexclusive, worldwide license under all rights
necessary for us to incorporate and use your Feedback for any purpose.

7\. CONDITIONS OF USE AND PROHIBITED ACTIVITIES

YOU AGREE THAT YOU ARE RESPONSIBLE FOR YOUR OWN CONDUCT WHILE ACCESSING OR
USING THE APP, AND FOR ANY CONSEQUENCES THEREOF. YOU AGREE TO USE THE APP ONLY
FOR PURPOSES THAT ARE LEGAL, PROPER AND IN ACCORDANCE WITH THESE TERMS AND ANY
APPLICABLE LAWS OR REGULATIONS.

User Warranties. Without limiting the foregoing, you warrant and agree that
your use of the App will not (and will not allow any third party to)

● in any manner:

● involve the sending, uploading, distributing or disseminating any unlawful,
defamatory, harassing, abusive, fraudulent, obscene, or otherwise
objectionable content;

● involve the distribution of any viruses, worms, defects, Trojan horses,
corrupted files, hoaxes, or any other items of a destructive or deceptive
nature;

● involve the uploading, posting, transmitting or otherwise making available
through the App any content that infringes the intellectual proprietary rights
of any party;

● involve using the App to violate the legal rights (such as rights of privacy
and publicity) of others; involve engaging in, promoting, or encouraging
illegal activity (including, without limitation, money laundering);

● involve interfering with other users’ enjoyment of the App;

● involve exploiting the App for any unauthorized commercial purpose;

● involve modifying, adapting, translating, or reverse engineering any portion
of the App;

● involve removing any copyright, trademark or other proprietary rights
notices contained in or on the App or any part of it;

● involve reformatting or framing any portion of the App;

● involve displaying any content on the App that contains any hate-related or
violent content or contains any other material, products or services that
violate or encourage conduct that would violate any criminal laws, any other
applicable laws, or any third party rights;

● involve using any spider, site search/retrieval application, or other device
to retrieve or index any portion of the App or the content posted on the App,
or to collect information about its users for any unauthorized purpose;

● involve accessing or using the App for the purpose of creating a product or
service that is competitive with any of our products or services;

● involve abusing, harassing, or threatening another user of the App or any of
our authorized representatives, customer service personnel, chat board
moderators, or volunteers (including, without limitation, filing support
tickets with false information, sending excessive emails or support tickets,
obstructing our employees from doing their jobs, refusing to follow the
instructions of our employees, or publicly disparaging us by implying
favoritism by our employees or otherwise); or

● involve using any abusive, defamatory, ethnically or racially offensive,
harassing, harmful, hateful, obscene, offensive, sexually explicit,
threatening or vulgar language when communicating with another user of the App
or any of our authorized representatives, customer service personnel, chat
board moderators, or volunteers

(each, a “Category A Prohibited Activity”); and/or

(b) in any manner:

● involve creating user accounts by automated means or under false or
fraudulent pretenses;

● involve the impersonation of another person (via the use of an email address
or otherwise);

● involve using, employing, operating, or creating a computer program to
simulate the human behavior of a user (“Bots”);

● involve using, employing, or operating Bots or other similar forms of
automation to engage in any activity or transaction on the App (including,
without limitation, purchases of Packs, of CARDS, or of PRIME on the
Marketplace);

● involve acquiring CARDS or PRIME through inappropriate or illegal means
(including, among other things, using a stolen credit card, or a payment
mechanism that you do not have the right to use, or purchasing a CARD and then
attempting to charge the cost back to your payment method while still
maintaining ownership or control of the CARD or selling, gifting or trading
the CARD to someone else); or

● involve the purchasing, selling or facilitating the purchase and sale of any
user’s account(s) to other users or third parties for cash or cryptocurrency
consideration outside of the App; or

● otherwise involve or result in the wrongful seizure or receipt of any CARDS,
PRIME, or other digital assets (each, a “Category B Prohibited Activity” and,
together with Category A Prohibited Activity, the “Prohibited Activities”).

● Effect of Your Breaches. If you engage in any of the Prohibited Activities,
we may, at our sole and absolute discretion, without notice or liability to
you, and without limiting any of our other rights or remedies at law or in
equity, immediately suspend or terminate your user account and/or delete your
CARDS’ images and descriptions from the App. If we delete your CARDS’ images
and descriptions from the App, such deletion will not affect your ownership
rights in any Tokens that you already Own, but you will not receive a refund
of any amounts you paid for those CARDS.

NOTWITHSTANDING THE FOREGOING, HOWEVER, IF WE REASONABLY BELIEVE THAT YOU ARE
ENGAGED IN ANY OF THE CATEGORY B PROHIBITED ACTIVITIES, IN ADDITION TO OUR
RIGHT TO IMMEDIATELY SUSPEND OR TERMINATE YOUR USER ACCOUNT AND/OR LIQUIDATE,
DELETE, SEIZE, SUSPEND OR RESTRICT YOUR PRIME, OR DELETE YOUR CARDS’ IMAGES
AND DESCRIPTIONS FROM THE APP, WE ALSO RESERVE THE RIGHT, AT OUR SOLE AND
ABSOLUTE DISCRETION, WITHOUT NOTICE OR LIABILITY TO YOU, TO TAKE ANY OR ALL OF
THE FOLLOWING ACTIONS: (A) TO DEEM ANY TRANSACTION THAT TOOK PLACE VIA OR AS
THE RESULT OF SUCH ACTIVITIES TO BE VOID AB INITIO; AND/OR (B) TO IMMEDIATELY
CONFISCATE ANY CARDS (INCLUDING THEIR UNDERLYING TOKENS) OR PRIME THAT WERE
PURCHASED OR ACQUIRED AS THE RESULT OF SUCH ACTIVITIES.

8\. TERMINATION

● You Terminate. You may terminate these Terms at any time by canceling your
account on the App and discontinuing your access to and use of the App. If you
cancel your account, or otherwise terminate these Terms, you will not receive
any refunds for any purchases that you might make on or through the App –
whether for CARDS, Packs, PRIME or anything else.

● We Terminate. You agree that we, in our sole discretion and for any or no
reason, may terminate these Terms and suspend and/or terminate your account(s)
for the App without the provision of prior notice. You agree that any
suspension or termination of your access to the App may be without prior
notice, and that we will not be liable to you or to any third party for any
such suspension or termination.

● Other Remedies Available. If we terminate these Terms or suspend or
terminate your access to or use of the App due to your breach of these Terms
or any suspected fraudulent, abusive, or illegal activity (including, without
limitation, if you engage in any of the Prohibited Activities), then
termination of these Terms will be in addition to any other remedies we may
have at law or in equity.

● Referral to Governmental Authority. We have the right, without provision of
prior notice, to take appropriate legal action, including, without limitation,
referral to law enforcement or regulatory authority, or notifying the harmed
party of any illegal or unauthorized use of the App. Without limiting the
foregoing, we have the right to fully cooperate with any law enforcement
authorities or court order requesting or directing us to disclose the identity
or other information of anyone using the App.

● Effect of Termination. Upon any termination or expiration of these Terms,
whether by you or us, you may no longer have access to information that you
have posted on the App or that is related to your account, and you acknowledge
that we will have no obligation to maintain any such information in our
databases or to forward any such information to you or to any third party.
Sections 1 and 4 through 17 will survive the termination or expiration of
these Terms for any reason.

YOU WAIVE AND HOLD US AND OUR PARENT, SUBSIDIARIES, AFFILIATES AND OUR AND
THEIR RESPECTIVE DIRECTORS, OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, SERVICE PROVIDERS,
CONTRACTORS, LICENSORS, LICENSEES, SUPPLIERS, AND SUCCESSORS HARMLESS FROM ANY
AND ALL CLAIMS RESULTING FROM ANY ACTION TAKEN BY US AND ANY OF THE FOREGOING
PARTIES RELATING TO ANY INVESTIGATIONS BY EITHER US OR SUCH PARTIES OR BY LAW
ENFORCEMENT AUTHORITIES.

9\. DISCLAIMERS

YOU EXPRESSLY UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT YOUR ACCESS TO AND USE OF THE APP IS
AT YOUR SOLE RISK, AND THAT THE APP IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND "AS AVAILABLE"
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED. TO THE FULLEST
EXTENT PERMISSIBLE PURSUANT TO APPLICABLE LAW, WE, OUR SUBSIDIARIES,
AFFILIATES, AND LICENSORS MAKE NO EXPRESS WARRANTIES AND HEREBY DISCLAIM ALL
IMPLIED REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS REGARDING THE APP AND ANY
PART OF IT, INCLUDING THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, CORRECTNESS, ACCURACY, OR
RELIABILITY. WITHOUT LIMITING THE GENERALITY OF THE FOREGOING, WE, OUR PARENT,
SUBSIDIARIES, AFFILIATES, AND LICENSORS DO NOT REPRESENT OR WARRANT TO YOU
THAT: (I) YOUR ACCESS TO OR USE OF THE APP WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS; (II)
YOUR ACCESS TO OR USE OF THE APP WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, TIMELY, SECURE OR FREE
FROM ERROR; (III) USAGE DATA PROVIDED THROUGH THE APP WILL BE ACCURATE; (IV)
THE APP OR ANY CONTENT, SERVICES, OR FEATURES MADE AVAILABLE ON OR THROUGH THE
APP ARE FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS; OR (V) THAT ANY DATA THAT
YOU DISCLOSE WHEN YOU USE THE APP WILL BE SECURE. SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT
ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES IN CONTRACTS WITH CONSUMERS, SO SOME
OR ALL OF THE ABOVE EXCLUSIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.

YOU ACCEPT THE INHERENT SECURITY RISKS OF PROVIDING INFORMATION AND DEALING
ONLINE OVER THE INTERNET, AND AGREE THAT WE HAVE NO LIABILITY OR
RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY BREACH OF SECURITY UNLESS IT IS DUE TO OUR GROSS
NEGLIGENCE.

WE WILL NOT BE RESPONSIBLE OR LIABLE TO YOU FOR ANY LOSSES YOU INCUR AS THE
RESULT OF YOUR USE OF THE ETHEREUM NETWORK, OR YOUR ELECTRONIC WALLET,
INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO ANY LOSSES, DAMAGES OR CLAIMS ARISING FROM: (I)
USER ERROR, SUCH AS FORGOTTEN PASSWORDS OR INCORRECTLY CONSTRUED SMART
CONTRACTS OR OTHER TRANSACTIONS; (II) SERVER FAILURE OR DATA LOSS; (III)
CORRUPTED WALLET FILES; OR (IV) UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS OR ACTIVITIES BY THIRD
PARTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE USE OF VIRUSES, PHISHING, BRUTE-
FORCING OR OTHER MEANS OF ATTACK AGAINST THE APP, THE ETHEREUM NETWORK, OR ANY
ELECTRONIC WALLET.

CARDS AND PRIME ARE INTANGIBLE DIGITAL ASSETS THAT EXIST ONLY BY VIRTUE OF THE
OWNERSHIP RECORD MAINTAINED IN THE ETHEREUM NETWORK. ALL SMART CONTRACTS ARE
CONDUCTED AND OCCUR ON THE DECENTRALIZED LEDGER WITHIN THE ETHEREUM NETWORK.
WE HAVE NO CONTROL OVER AND MAKE NO GUARANTEES OR PROMISES WITH RESPECT TO
SMART CONTRACTS.

WE ARE NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR LOSSES DUE TO BLOCKCHAINS OR ANY OTHER FEATURES OF
THE ETHEREUM NETWORK, OR ANY ELECTRONIC WALLET, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO
LATE REPORT BY DEVELOPERS OR REPRESENTATIVES (OR NO REPORT AT ALL) OF ANY
ISSUES WITH THE BLOCKCHAIN SUPPORTING THE ETHEREUM NETWORK, INCLUDING FORKS,
TECHNICAL NODE ISSUES, OR ANY OTHER ISSUES HAVING FUND LOSSES AS A RESULT.

10\. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY

YOU UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT WE, OUR PARENT, SUBSIDIARIES, AFFILIATES AND
LICENSORS WILL NOT BE LIABLE TO YOU OR TO ANY THIRD PARTY FOR ANY INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES WHICH YOU MAY INCUR,
HOWSOEVER CAUSED AND UNDER ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, INCLUDING, WITHOUT
LIMITATION, ANY LOSS OF PROFITS (WHETHER INCURRED DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY),
LOSS OF GOODWILL OR BUSINESS REPUTATION, LOSS OF DATA, COST OF PROCUREMENT OF
SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES, DIMINUTION OF VALUE OR ANY OTHER INTANGIBLE
LOSS, EVEN IF WE HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.

YOU AGREE THAT OUR TOTAL, AGGREGATE LIABILITY TO YOU FOR ANY AND ALL CLAIMS
ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THESE TERMS OR YOUR ACCESS TO OR USE OF (OR YOUR
INABILITY TO ACCESS OR USE) ANY PORTION OF THE APP, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT,
STRICT LIABILITY, OR ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY, IS LIMITED TO THE GREATER OF THE
AMOUNTS YOU HAVE ACTUALLY AND LAWFULLY PAID US UNDER THESE TERMS IN THE TWO
(2) MONTH PERIOD PRECEDING THE DATE THE CLAIM AROSE.

YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT WE HAVE MADE THE APP AVAILABLE TO YOU AND
ENTERED INTO THESE TERMS IN RELIANCE UPON THE REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES,
DISCLAIMERS AND LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITY SET FORTH HEREIN, WHICH REFLECT A
REASONABLE AND FAIR ALLOCATION OF RISK BETWEEN US AND YOU AND FORM AN
ESSENTIAL BASIS OF THE BARGAIN BETWEEN US AND YOU. WE WOULD NOT BE ABLE TO
PROVIDE THE APP TO YOU WITHOUT THESE LIMITATIONS.

11\. ASSUMPTION OF RISK

● Value and Volatility. The prices of collectible blockchain assets are
extremely volatile and subjective and collectible blockchain assets have no
inherent or intrinsic value. Fluctuations in the price of other digital assets
could materially and adversely affect the value of your CARDS or PRIME, which
may also be subject to significant price volatility. Each CARD or PRIME has no
inherent or intrinsic value. We cannot guarantee that any CARDS purchased or
PRIME earned will retain their original value, as the value of collectibles is
inherently subjective and factors occurring outside of the Parallel ecosystem
may materially impact the value and desirability of any particular CARD or, to
the extent applicable, any earned PRIME.

● Tax Calculations. You are solely responsible for determining what, if any,
taxes apply to your CARD-related transactions. We are not responsible for
determining the taxes that apply to your transactions on the App.

● Use of Blockchain. The App does not store, send, or receive CARDS or PRIME.
This is because CARDS and PRIME exist only by virtue of the ownership record
maintained on the App’s supporting blockchain in the Ethereum Network. Any
transfer of CARDS or PRIME occurs within the supporting blockchain in the
Ethereum Network, and not on the App.

● Inherent Risks with Internet Currency. There are risks associated with using
an Internet-based currency, including, but not limited to, the risk of
hardware, software and Internet connections, the risk of malicious software
introduction, and the risk that third parties may obtain unauthorized access
to information stored within your electronic wallet. You accept and
acknowledge that we will not be responsible for any communication failures,
disruptions, errors, distortions or delays you may experience when using the
Ethereum Network, however caused.

● Regulatory Uncertainty. The regulatory regime governing blockchain
technologies, cryptocurrencies and tokens is uncertain, and new regulations or
policies may materially adversely affect the development of the Parallel
ecosystem, and therefore the potential utility or value of your CARDS or
PRIME.

● Software Risks. Upgrades to the Ethereum Network, a hard fork in the
Ethereum Network, or a change in how transactions are confirmed on the
Ethereum Network may have unintended, adverse effects on all blockchains using
the Ethereum Network’s ERC1155 standard, including the Parallel ecosystem.

12\. INDEMNIFICATION

You agree to hold harmless and indemnify us and our parent, subsidiaries,
affiliates, officers, agents, employees, advertisers, licensors, suppliers or
partners from and against any claim, liability, loss, damage (actual and
consequential) of any kind or nature, suit, judgment, litigation cost and
attorneys' fees arising out of or in any way related to: (i) your breach of
these Terms; (ii) your misuse of the App; or (iii) your violation of
applicable laws, rules or regulations in connection with your access to or use
of the App. You agree that we will have control of the defense or settlement
of any such claims.

13\. EXTERNAL SITES

The App may include hyperlinks to other websites or resources (collectively,
the “External Sites”), which are provided solely as a convenience to our
users. We have no control over any External Sites. You acknowledge and agree
that we are not responsible for the availability of any External Sites, and
that we do not endorse any advertising, products or other materials on or made
available from or through any External Sites. Furthermore, you acknowledge and
agree that we are not liable for any loss or damage which may be incurred as a
result of the availability or unavailability of the External Sites, or as a
result of any reliance placed by you upon the completeness, accuracy or
existence of any advertising, products or other materials on, or made
available from, any External Sites.

14\. FORCE MAJEURE

● Force Majeure Events. We will not be liable or responsible to the you, nor
be deemed to have defaulted under or breached these Terms, for any failure or
delay in fulfilling or performing any of these Terms, when and to the extent
such failure or delay is caused by or results from the following force majeure
events (“Force Majeure Event(s)”): (a) acts of God; (b) flood, fire,
earthquake, epidemics, pandemics, including the 2019 novel coronavirus
pandemic (COVID-19), tsunami, explosion; (c) war, invasion, hostilities
(whether war is declared or not), terrorist threats or acts, riot or other
civil unrest; (d) government order, law, or action; (e) embargoes or blockades
in effect on or after the date of this agreement; (f) strikes, labour
stoppages or slowdowns or other industrial disturbances; (g) shortage of
adequate or suitable Internet connectivity, telecommunication breakdown or
shortage of adequate power or electricity; and (h) other similar events beyond
our control.

● Performance During Force Majeure Events. If we suffer a Force Majeure Event,
we will use reasonable efforts to promptly notify you of the Force Majeure
Event, stating the period of time the occurrence is expected to continue. We
will use diligent efforts to end the failure or delay and ensure the effects
of such Force Majeure Event are minimized. We will resume the performance of
our obligations as soon as reasonably practicable after the removal of the
cause. In the event that our failure or delay remains uncured for a period of
forty-five (45) consecutive days following written notice given by us under
this Section 13, we may thereafter terminate these Terms upon fifteen (15)
days' written notice.

15\. CHANGES TO THE APP

We are constantly innovating the App to help provide the best possible
experience. You acknowledge and agree that the form and nature of the App, and
any part of it, may change from time to time without prior notice to you, and
that we may add new features and change any part of the App at any time
without notice.

16\. CHILDREN

You affirm that you are over the age of 18. The App is not intended for
children under 18. If you are under the age of 18, you may not use the App. We
do not knowingly collect information from or direct any of our content
specifically to children under the age of 18. If we learn or have reason to
suspect that you are a user who is under the age of 18, we will unfortunately
have to close your account. Other countries may have different minimum age
limits, and if you are below the minimum age for providing consent for data
collection in your country, you may not use the App.

17\. DISPUTE RESOLUTION; BINDING ARBITRATION

YOU ARE AGREEING TO GIVE UP ANY RIGHTS TO LITIGATE CLAIMS IN A COURT. OTHER
RIGHTS THAT YOU WOULD HAVE IF YOU WENT TO COURT MAY ALSO BE UNAVAILABLE OR MAY
BE LIMITED IN ARBITRATION.

YOU HEREBY EXPRESSLY GIVE UP YOUR RIGHT TO HAVE A TRIAL BY JURY.

YOU HEREBY EXPRESSLY GIVE UP YOUR RIGHT TO PARTICIPATE AS A MEMBER OF A CLASS
OF CLAIMANTS IN ANY LAWSUIT, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, CLASS ACTION
LAWSUITS INVOLVING ANY SUCH DISPUTE.

18\. GENERAL

● Entire Agreement. These Terms constitute the entire legal agreement between
you and us and will be deemed to be the final and integrated agreement between
you and us, and govern your access to and use of the App, and completely
replace any prior or contemporaneous agreements between you and us related to
your access to or use of the App, whether oral or written.

● No Third-Party Beneficiaries. These Terms do not and are not intended to
confer any rights or remedies upon any person or entity other than you.

● Interpretation. The language in these Terms will be interpreted as to its
fair meaning, and not strictly for or against any party.

● Severability. Should any part of these Terms be held invalid, illegal, void
or unenforceable, that portion will deemed severed from these Terms and will
not affect the validity or enforceability of the remaining provisions of these
Terms.

● No Waivers. Our failure or delay to exercise or enforce any right or
provision of these Terms will not constitute or be deemed a waiver of future
exercise or enforcement of such right or provision. The waiver of any right or
provision of these Terms will be effective only if in writing and signed for
and on behalf of us by a duly authorized representative.

● Governing Law. All matters arising out of or relating to these Terms will be
governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the Province of
Ontario and the federal laws of Canada applicable therein without giving
effect to any choice or conflict of law provision or rule (whether of the
Province of Ontario or any other jurisdiction).

● Venue. Subject to Section 17 of these Terms, any legal action or proceeding
arising under these Terms will be brought exclusively in the Supreme Court of
the Province of Ontario located in Toronto, Ontario, and we and you
irrevocably consent and attorn to the personal jurisdiction and venue there.

● Notices. We may provide you with any notices (including, without limitation
those regarding changes to these Terms) by email or postings on the App. By
providing us with your email address, you consent to our using the email
address to send you any notices. Notices sent by email will be effective when
we send the email, and notices we provide by posting will be effective upon
posting. It is your responsibility to keep your email address current.

● Assignment. You may not assign any of your rights or obligations under these
Terms, whether by operation of law or otherwise, without our prior written
consent. We may assign our rights and obligations under these Terms in our
sole discretion to an affiliate, or in connection with an acquisition, sale or
merger.

[](https://twitter.com/ParallelTCG)[](https://discord.com/invite/paralleltcg)[](https://opensea.io/category/parallel-
collections)

Join our  
community

[Privacy Policy](/privacy-policy)//[Terms of Use](/terms-of-use)

© COPYRIGHT ⁨2024⁩ PARALLEL STUDIOS

[Discord](https://discord.gg/paralleltcg)//[Twitter](https://twitter.com/paralleltcg/)

  1. Cookie Policy

We use and store cookies to improve your browsing experience, analyze usage
and assist in our marketing efforts. You can decline to refuse non essential
cookies.

[Cookie Policy](/privacy-policy).

Accept All

Decline

Notification Cookie PolicyWe use and store cookies to improve your browsing
experience, analyze usage and assist in our marketing efforts. You can decline
to refuse non essential cookies. Cookie Policy.Accept All
Cookies![](https://t.co/1/i/adsct?bci=4&eci=3&event=%7B%7D&event_id=8ee1e226-3fd1-4771-ac9a-8c93577ebb68&integration=advertiser&p_id=Twitter&p_user_id=0&pl_id=44baab7b-2c31-4eea-9ccc-
fedd219af36c&tw_document_href=https%3A%2F%2Fparallel.life%2Fterms-of-
use&tw_iframe_status=0&txn_id=okqpa&type=javascript&version=2.3.30)![](https://analytics.twitter.com/1/i/adsct?bci=4&eci=3&event=%7B%7D&event_id=8ee1e226-3fd1-4771-ac9a-8c93577ebb68&integration=advertiser&p_id=Twitter&p_user_id=0&pl_id=44baab7b-2c31-4eea-9ccc-
fedd219af36c&tw_document_href=https%3A%2F%2Fparallel.life%2Fterms-of-
use&tw_iframe_status=0&txn_id=okqpa&type=javascript&version=2.3.30)

