![Close](/img/icons/ico_close.svg?1716491272)

Bitcoin.org is a community funded project, donations are appreciated and used
to improve the website.

Make a donation

Bitcoin.org needs your support!

Ã

Donate to Bitcoin.org

Use this QR code or address below

[ bc1qx3u4njquj0ux63030r4nat8awqrlm0x2zlt96h
](bitcoin:bc1qx3u4njquj0ux63030r4nat8awqrlm0x2zlt96h)

$5.00

(... BTC)

$25.00

(... BTC)

$50.00

(... BTC)

[![Bitcoin](/img/icons/logotop.svg?1716491272)](/en/)

  * Introduction
    * [Individuals](/en/bitcoin-for-individuals)
    * [Businesses](/en/bitcoin-for-businesses)
    * [Developers](https://developer.bitcoin.org/)
    * [Getting started](/en/getting-started)
    * [How it works](/en/how-it-works)
    * [White paper](/en/bitcoin-paper)
  * Resources
    * [Resources](/en/resources)
    * [Exchanges](/en/exchanges)
    * [Community](/en/community)
    * [Documentation](https://developer.bitcoin.org/)
    * [Vocabulary](/en/vocabulary)
    * [Events](/en/events)
    * [Bitcoin Core](/en/bitcoin-core/)
  * [Innovation](/en/innovation)
  * Participate
    * [Support Bitcoin](/en/support-bitcoin)
    * [Buy Bitcoin](/en/buy)
    * [Running a full node](/en/full-node)
    * [Development](/en/development)
  * [FAQ](/en/faq)

  * English
    *       * [Bahasa Indonesia](/id/)
      * [CatalÃ ](/ca/)
      * [Dansk](/da/)
      * [Deutsch](/de/)
      * [English](/en/)
      * [EspaÃ±ol](/es/)
      * [FranÃ§ais](/fr/)
      * [Italiano](/it/)
      * [Magyar](/hu/)
      * [Nederlands](/nl/)
      * [Polski](/pl/)
      * [PortuguÃªs Brasil](/pt_BR/)
      * [RomÃ¢nÄ](/ro/)
      * [SlovenÅ¡Äina](/sl/)
      * [Srpski](/sr/)
      * [Svenska](/sv/)
    *       * [TÃ¼rkÃ§e](/tr/)
      * [ÎÎ»Î»Î·Î½Î¹ÎºÎ¬](/el/)
      * [Ð±ÑÐ»Ð³Ð°ÑÑÐºÐ¸](/bg/)
      * [Ð ÑÑÑÐºÐ¸Ð¹](/ru/)
      * [Ð£ÐºÑÐ°ÑÐ½ÑÑÐºÐ°](/uk/)
      * [ÕÕ¡ÕµÕ¥ÖÕ¥Õ¶](/hy/)
      * [Ø§ÙØ¹Ø±Ø¨ÙØ©](/ar/)
      * [ÙØ§Ø±Ø³Û](/fa/)
      * [×¢××¨××ª](/he/)
      * [à¤¹à¤¿à¤¨à¥à¤¦à¥](/hi/)
      * [íêµ­ì´](/ko/)
      * [ááááá](/km/)
      * [æ¥æ¬èª](/ja/)
      * [ç®ä½ä¸­æ](/zh_CN/)
      * [ç¹é«ä¸­æ](/zh_TW/)

Bahasa Indonesia CatalÃ  Dansk Deutsch English EspaÃ±ol FranÃ§ais Italiano
Magyar Nederlands Polski PortuguÃªs Brasil RomÃ¢nÄ SlovenÅ¡Äina Srpski
Svenska TÃ¼rkÃ§e ÎÎ»Î»Î·Î½Î¹ÎºÎ¬ Ð±ÑÐ»Ð³Ð°ÑÑÐºÐ¸ Ð ÑÑÑÐºÐ¸Ð¹
Ð£ÐºÑÐ°ÑÐ½ÑÑÐºÐ° ÕÕ¡ÕµÕ¥ÖÕ¥Õ¶ Ø§ÙØ¹Ø±Ø¨ÙØ© ÙØ§Ø±Ø³Û ×¢××¨××ª
à¤¹à¤¿à¤¨à¥à¤¦à¥ íêµ­ì´ ááááá æ¥æ¬èª ç®ä½ä¸­æ
ç¹é«ä¸­æ Language: en

[Network alerts history](/en/alerts) | [ ![rss](/img/icons/header_rss.svg?1716491272) Subscribe to RSS feed](/en/rss/alerts.rss) | [Post history](https://github.com/bitcoin-dot-org/bitcoin.org/commits/master/_alerts/2016-11-01-alert-retirement.md) | [Report issue](https://github.com/bitcoin-dot-org/bitcoin.org/issues/new?body=Source%20File%3A%20_alerts/2016-11-01-alert-retirement.md%0A%0A)

# Alert System Retirement

1 November 2016

ALL TOPICS

  * Updates
  * Summary
  * Reasons for Retirement
  * The Retirement Plan
  * Software without the Alert system
  * See also

## Updates

  * **January 19, 2017** : The Final alert has been broadcast. This final alert essentially disables the alert system by overriding all alerts, preventing other alerts from being broadcast, and displays the static message âAlert Key Compromisedâ. The Alert Key will be published in the coming months.
  * **March 8, 2017** : Bitcoin Core 0.14 released with hard-coded [final alert](https://bitcoin.org/en/release/v0.14.0#final-alert).
  * **May 1, 2017** : Postpone release date of Alert key. Older clients may contain Alert handling code which is exploitable using the alert key, therefore the public release of the key has been temporarily postponed until considered safe.
  * **July 3, 2018** : The Alert key and Alert System vulnerabilities [have been disclosed](/en/posts/alert-key-and-vulnerabilities-disclosure).

## Summary

The network wide Alert system is being retired. **_No Bitcoins are at risk and
this warning may be safely ignored._** Upgrade to the newest version of your
wallet software to no longer see the alert.

## Reasons for Retirement

The network wide Alert system was created by Satoshi Nakamoto as a means of
informing Bitcoin users of any important information regarding Bitcoin. It has
been used in the past to inform users about important network events such as
accidental blockchain forks. However, the Alert system also represents a large
source of centralization in Bitcoin. The holders of the singular Alert Key can
at any time send an alert which could affect the entire network. As more
developers join, the Alert Key is given to others, but cannot be taken away
from those who have left. This has led to the Alert Key potentially falling
into the hands of malicious actors who could use it to disrupt the network.
Because there is only one Alert key, it is not possible to prevent former
developers from sending an alert nor is it possible to identify who sent an
Alert.

In addition, the Alert system is primarily Bitcoin Core specific. Many other
wallets have their own systems in place but still must have handling for the
Alert system because it is network wide. Something specific for one software
should not be imposed on the entire network.

The Alert system has also lost its usefulness. It is no longer necessary to
use it to inform users about problematic network events as users can easily
get their information from any major Bitcoin news outlet.

## The Retirement Plan

Retirement of the Alert system consists of a pre-final alert (this alert)
which will warn about the impending retirement, a final maximum sequence alert
which cannot be overridden and displays a static âAlert Key Compromisedâ
message, and the publishing of the Alert key itself. The final alert will be
hard coded into Bitcoin Core 0.14 to ensure that all old nodes receive the
final alert.

Action | Description | Date  
---|---|---  
Pre-final Alert Posts | Posts on Bitcoin.org, various forums, and various mailing lists that the Alert system will be retired | 2016-11-01  
Pre-final Alert | The alert itself warning that the Alert system will be retired | 2016-11-02  
Final Alert | Max sequence Alert to disable the Alert system | 2017-01-19  
Alert key release | The Alert key will be made publicly available | Postponed until further notice.  
  
## Software without the Alert system

Most major Bitcoin wallets have already removed the alert system in the most
recent releases. The software listed below are guaranteed to have
removed/disabled the Alert system or allow you to disable it.

  * Bitcoin Core 0.12.1+
  * Bitcoin Core 0.10.3, 0.11.x, and 0.12.x can disable alerts with `-alerts=0`
  * Armory 0.94.1+

## See also

  * [Original email proposing retirement](https://lists.linuxfoundation.org/pipermail/bitcoin-dev/2016-September/013104.html)
  * [Pull request removing Alert system](https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/pull/7692)
  * [Removal discussion on github](https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/pull/6260)
  * [Pull request disabling alerts](https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/pull/6274)
  * [IRC Discussion](https://botbot.me/freenode/bitcoin-core-dev/2016-09-22/?msg=73446303&page=6)

[ ![Bitcoin](/img/icons/logo-footer.svg?1716491272) ](/en/)

Support Bitcoin.org: Donate

[bc1qx3u4njquj0ux63030r4nat8awqrlm0x2zlt96h](bitcoin:bc1qx3u4njquj0ux63030r4nat8awqrlm0x2zlt96h)

Introduction:

  * [Individuals](/en/bitcoin-for-individuals)
  * [Businesses](/en/bitcoin-for-businesses)
  * [Developers](https://developer.bitcoin.org/)
  * [Getting started](/en/getting-started)
  * [How it works](/en/how-it-works)
  * [You need to know](/en/you-need-to-know)
  * [White paper](/en/bitcoin-paper)

Resources:

  * [Resources](/en/resources)
  * [Exchanges](/en/exchanges)
  * [Community](/en/community)
  * [Vocabulary ](/en/vocabulary)
  * [Events](/en/events)
  * [Bitcoin Core](/en/bitcoin-core/)

Participate:

  * [Support Bitcoin](/en/support-bitcoin)
  * [Buy Bitcoin](/en/buy)
  * [Running a full node](/en/full-node)
  * [Development](/en/development)

Other:

[Avoid Scams](/en/scams) [Legal](/en/legal) [Privacy Policy](/en/privacy)
[Press](/en/press) [About bitcoin.org](/en/about-us) [Blog](/en/blog)

Â© Bitcoin Project 2009-2024 Released under the [MIT
license](http://opensource.org/licenses/mit-license.php)

[Network Status](/en/alerts)

  * English
    *       * [Bahasa Indonesia](/id/)
      * [CatalÃ ](/ca/)
      * [Dansk](/da/)
      * [Deutsch](/de/)
      * [English](/en/)
      * [EspaÃ±ol](/es/)
      * [FranÃ§ais](/fr/)
      * [Italiano](/it/)
      * [Magyar](/hu/)
      * [Nederlands](/nl/)
      * [Polski](/pl/)
      * [PortuguÃªs Brasil](/pt_BR/)
      * [RomÃ¢nÄ](/ro/)
      * [SlovenÅ¡Äina](/sl/)
      * [Srpski](/sr/)
      * [Svenska](/sv/)
    *       * [TÃ¼rkÃ§e](/tr/)
      * [ÎÎ»Î»Î·Î½Î¹ÎºÎ¬](/el/)
      * [Ð±ÑÐ»Ð³Ð°ÑÑÐºÐ¸](/bg/)
      * [Ð ÑÑÑÐºÐ¸Ð¹](/ru/)
      * [Ð£ÐºÑÐ°ÑÐ½ÑÑÐºÐ°](/uk/)
      * [ÕÕ¡ÕµÕ¥ÖÕ¥Õ¶](/hy/)
      * [Ø§ÙØ¹Ø±Ø¨ÙØ©](/ar/)
      * [ÙØ§Ø±Ø³Û](/fa/)
      * [×¢××¨××ª](/he/)
      * [à¤¹à¤¿à¤¨à¥à¤¦à¥](/hi/)
      * [íêµ­ì´](/ko/)
      * [ááááá](/km/)
      * [æ¥æ¬èª](/ja/)
      * [ç®ä½ä¸­æ](/zh_CN/)
      * [ç¹é«ä¸­æ](/zh_TW/)

Bahasa Indonesia CatalÃ  Dansk Deutsch English EspaÃ±ol FranÃ§ais Italiano
Magyar Nederlands Polski PortuguÃªs Brasil RomÃ¢nÄ SlovenÅ¡Äina Srpski
Svenska TÃ¼rkÃ§e ÎÎ»Î»Î·Î½Î¹ÎºÎ¬ Ð±ÑÐ»Ð³Ð°ÑÑÐºÐ¸ Ð ÑÑÑÐºÐ¸Ð¹
Ð£ÐºÑÐ°ÑÐ½ÑÑÐºÐ° ÕÕ¡ÕµÕ¥ÖÕ¥Õ¶ Ø§ÙØ¹Ø±Ø¨ÙØ© ÙØ§Ø±Ø³Û ×¢××¨××ª
à¤¹à¤¿à¤¨à¥à¤¦à¥ íêµ­ì´ ááááá æ¥æ¬èª ç®ä½ä¸­æ
ç¹é«ä¸­æ en

