[](https://www.binance.com/en)

[Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/crypto/buy)

[Markets](https://www.binance.com/en/markets/overview)

Trade

Basic

  * [SpotBuy and sell on the Spot market with advanced tools](https://www.binance.com/en/trade/BTC_USDT?type=spot)
  * [MarginIncrease your profits with leverage](https://www.binance.com/en/trade?type=cross)
  * [P2PBuy & sell cryptocurrencies using bank transfer and 800+ options](https://p2p.binance.com/en)
  * [Convert & Block TradeThe easiest way to trade at all sizes](https://www.binance.com/en/convert)

Advanced

  * [Trading BotsTrade smarter with our various automated strategies - easy, fast and reliable](https://www.binance.com/en/trading-bots)
  * [Copy TradingFollow the most popular traders](https://www.binance.com/en/copy-trading)
  * [APIsUnlimited opportunities with one key](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-api)

[Futures](https://www.binance.com/en/futures/home)

  * [USDⓈ-M FuturesContracts settled in USDT and USDC](https://www.binance.com/en/futures)
  * [COIN-M FuturesContracts settled in cryptocurrency](https://www.binance.com/en/delivery)
  * [OptionsUSDT Options with limited downside and affordable entry](https://www.binance.com/en/eoptions)

[Earn](https://www.binance.com/en/earn)

[Square](https://www.binance.com/en/square)

  * [SquareStay informed with everything crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/square)
  * [Academy (Learn & Earn)Earn crypto by learning about blockchain](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn)
  * [BlogExpand your knowledge and get the latest insights](https://www.binance.com/en/blog)
  * [ResearchInstitutional-grade analysis, in-depth insights, and more](https://www.binance.com/en/research)

More

  * [VIP & InstitutionalYour trusted digital asset platform for VIPs and institutions](https://www.binance.com/en/vip-institutional-services)
  * [Launchpad & LaunchpoolDiscover and gain access to new token launches](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)
  * [MegadropLock your BNB and complete Web3 quests for boosted airdrop rewards](https://www.binance.com/en/megadrop)
  * [Mining PoolMine more rewards by connecting to the pool](https://pool.binance.com/en)
  * [PaySend, receive and spend crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/payment)
  * [LoansGet an instant loan secured by crypto assets](https://www.binance.com/en/loan)

  * [NFTExplore NFTs from creators worldwide](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/home)
  * [Fan TokenDiscover an all-new fandom and unlock unlimited fan experiences](https://www.binance.com/en/fan-token)
  * [Web3 WalletMeet the next-generation Web3 wallet](https://www.binance.com/en/web3wallet)
  * [BNB ChainThe most popular blockchain to build your own dApp](https://www.bnbchain.org)
  * [CharityBlockchain empowers charity to be more transparent, efficient, and traceable](https://www.binance.charity)

##### [Binance Blog](/blog)

# Highlights From CZ’s May 1 AMA

2023-05-02

## Main Takeaways

  * On May 1, 2023, Changpeng Zhao (CZ), Binance’s CEO, spent an hour on Twitter Spaces, answering questions from the audience. Here’s a summary of his responses.

  * CZ argued that, to achieve success, crypto doesn’t need banks to have problems. Rather, it is upon us to make crypto easier to use and expand the range of use cases and utilities that will drive adoption.

  * If many people trade, want, and use a coin, then Binance will most likely list it. If the coin only lasts for two weeks, then we probably won't.

  * It's still early for NFTs, and the technology has huge potential.

_What follows is a summary of CZ’s answers to some of the questions he
received during a Twitter AMA on May 1, 2023. Please note that this transcript
has been edited for length and clarity._

##
![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20230502/09155b52-00a8-4f29-b254-e169d4142c40.png)  
On Banking Versus Bitcoin

**Another American bank collapsed recently [First Republic]. What do you think
the current state of the US banking system means for Bitcoin and crypto?**

**CZ:** The success or failure of banks doesn't have much to do with crypto.
There is a little bit of a relationship. People store money in banks. When
they can't store money in banks, they may look at other avenues, and crypto is
one of them. But it's not the only one. People buy stocks, put money in real
estate as well as gold. Now there's another alternative, which is crypto.

In my opinion, crypto is one of the best choices. It has a different set of
risk characteristics, but a lot of advantages. It's very liquid, it's very
easy to carry, it's very easy to transact, and it's mathematically limited in
supply. It's very easy to verify, it's very transparent, it’s very open, it's
very inclusive, and very global. But it's highly volatile. And it's still
relatively new.

From the crypto community’s perspective, we shouldn’t rely on the failure of
others for our success. We should make crypto easier to use, with more
utility, use cases and adoption, so that we increase the usage and value of
crypto. I don't view it as a zero-sum game. Crypto can coexist with banks and
traditional fiat currencies. We just have to make what we do better.

The more successful the banks are, the better it is for crypto, because the
more everyone is successful in the economy, the more money and value there is.
The more people, the more activity, the better it is for everyone. That's how
I view things.

## On Francophone Countries

**What is the plan for Binance in French-speaking countries?**

**CZ:** Binance is a global platform. We try to expand in as many countries as
we can regardless of language. Wherever is positive on crypto, we're there. I
think that, out of all the crypto founders, I’ve probably visited the most
French-speaking countries. We have a big presence in France. We also have a
big French-speaking team. And we have local teams in many of the African
countries, both French and English-speaking. We’re not everywhere, but it’s a
large world.

As for myself, my French sucks. That's the course that brought down my GPA in
high school. I was attending school in Vancouver in Canada, and French is
actually one of the mandatory secondary languages. It was difficult for me.
I’ve actually been trying to relearn French using an app on my phone for a
while. I had a 48-day streak at one point, then it was broken.

I tweet more in English, and that may have skewed the exposure a bit, so I
apologize about that. But that's limited by ability, not by willingness.
There's nothing particular about any language or any region. Crypto doesn't
care what language you speak or which country you are in.

## On Identity Verification

**Can you talk about your KYC processes and potential problems with those
processes?**

ID verification is an important part of our security and compliance systems.
Binance is probably one of the few global crypto exchanges to have enforced
global KYC (know-your-customer) processes. Even today, there are many smaller
exchanges that do not enforce full KYC. But we feel that we need to lead by
example when it comes to compliance.

But yes, there are instances where KYC can impact the user experience. There
are more documents to upload, and sometimes the system doesn't work as well as
it should. For example, in certain countries, there might be instances where
names that might sound similar or be spelled in a similar way are falsely
flagged as PEPs (politically exposed persons).

We're trying to improve that. We try to localize our KYC solutions, but it's
difficult. There is also the user experience side. How do we improve that
while being super compliant? It's tricky. We're not perfect, and we're working
on it. That's one of the big projects I have spent quite a lot of my time
working on.

## On Regulation

**What are some of the challenges that you've encountered when trying to
comply with regulations in different parts of the world? What would make your
life easier?  **

**CZ:** Oh my God, there are a lot of different challenges. I think the number
one challenge is really banking support. If banks are willingly working with
crypto, especially exchanges, then we can really facilitate the flow between
traditional financial systems and crypto financial systems. So banking support
is usually the biggest one we look at. But there are many others.

We try to spend more effort in the countries that are pro-crypto and less
effort in the countries that are less favorable. But we do have a large policy
team that comments on different regulatory frameworks, gives advice,
consultants, etc. I think it's very important to get the regulatory framework
done well in multiple countries. The first draft of many regulatory frameworks
may be overly restrictive. I think that's natural, but with time, hopefully
with industry comments, we want to participate in that process, and try to
improve them.

Other than that, there's a lot of little challenges here and there. The
industry is so new that it's not going to be easy. So we have got to continue
to keep our heads down, build products people use, and work closely with
governments and regulators all around the world.

## On Meme Coins and Token Listings

**How popular does a meme coin have to become before Binance lists it?**

**CZ:** I can't comment on any listings or projects. We have strict policies
that even if we’re talking with a project team, we forbid them from disclosing
anything. There's a lot of potential for insider-trading accusations, leaks,
or other problems. So I don't comment on specific projects.

But I'll comment on meme coins in general. I personally never really
understood meme coins. There are many successful people who do seem to
understand them, including Elon Musk, and others, so we go by users. If a coin
has a lot of users trading it, wanting it, playing with it, etc., then we’ll
most likely list it. If the coin only lasts for two weeks, then we probably
won't. But if it holds, then we probably will. So we view coins from a user
perspective.

On meme coins, I don't really understand them, but I'm deliberately not
involved in Binance’s listing process. I don't have the time. And I don't want
to get involved. I don't want to be pushing any coin for listings because I
don't want to be associated with that process.

We have an independent team that evaluates these things. We listed SHIB and
it's actually one of the coins on Binance with higher trading volume. So we're
not against meme coins. We're not against any coin. The number one criterion
is users, but we also look at other things.

## On Introducing the Next Generation to Crypto

**When do you think kids should get involved in crypto?**

**CZ:** I think it's really important that kids learn about finance, including
crypto, and it’s inevitable that they’ll learn about it. Kids will grow up
thinking crypto is very native. The next generation of kids that grow up, they
will use crypto. They're very open to it.

Right now, Binance Academy has content that is more appropriate for adults.
But it’s important for kids to learn financial concepts when they're young so
that these things become native. I truly believe that we shouldn't teach kids
to just study hard, work hard, and earn a salary. I don't think that will work
well in the future.

The future is much more about entrepreneurship, innovation, and global
commerce. With global commerce, you've got to understand money. So I think
that's important. We haven't done as good of a job in this area as we could
have, but that's something that we should be looking at.

## On NFTs

**There are a lot of prominent NFTs, but most of them are on the Ethereum
blockchain. Some projects have been bridging their NFTs to Binance. Are you
exploring this?**

**CZ:** When it was conceptualized, one of the mandates for the BNB Chain
ecosystem was high capacity and low fees. Trying to reduce gas fees on the
blockchain was the goal.

NFTs weren't really a focus back then. So architecturally, that's why we still
see the majority of NFTs on Ethereum, which is fine. But there are multiple
initiatives in the BNB Chain ecosystem to try to enhance that and to try to
win more NFT projects over. I personally have never bought a single NFT, but
that doesn't mean I don't like NFTs, it doesn't mean I don't believe in the
tech.

The technology has huge potential. But I'm not an investor or a collector. I
don't do most things other people do. I just do a limited number of things and
try to do them well. I'm a builder. I try to build platforms for people to
use. I view myself as the blacksmith that makes tools for others.

_You can listen to a recording of the AMA in
full_[here](https://twitter.com/binance/status/1653015108929323008) _.  _

_Please follow us on_[Twitter ](https://twitter.com/binance)_for news of CZ’s
next AMA._

##  Further Reading

  * [Binance Listing Tips from CZ](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/from-cz/binance-listing-tips-from-cz-421499824684902218)

  * [Smart Regulation Needed To Rebuild Trust in Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/ecosystem/smart-regulation-needed-to-rebuild-trust-in-crypto-8364181094108010512)

  * [10 Reasons Why You Should Trade NFTs on Binance NFT](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/nft/10-reasons-why-you-should-trade-nfts-on-binance-nft-2511777835421011653)  

Like this post

###### Share Post

Article Outlines

Highlights From CZ’s May 1 AMA

Main Takeaways

On Francophone Countries

On Identity Verification

On Regulation

On Meme Coins and Token Listings

On Introducing the Next Generation to Crypto

On NFTs

Further Reading

### Community

[](https://discord.gg/jE4wt8g2H2)[](https://www.binance.com/en/community)[](https://www.tiktok.com/@binance?lang=en)[](https://www.facebook.com/binance)[](https://twitter.com/binance)[](https://www.reddit.com/r/binance)[](https://www.instagram.com/Binance/)[](https://coinmarketcap.com/exchanges/binance/)[](https://www.youtube.com/binanceyoutube)[](https://www.binance.com/en/community)

Theme

Theme

### About Us

  * [About](https://www.binance.com/en/about)
  * [Careers](https://www.binance.com/en/careers)
  * [Announcements](https://www.binance.com/en/support/announcement)
  * [News](https://www.binance.com/en/square/news/all)
  * [Press](https://www.binance.com/en/press)
  * [Legal](https://www.binance.com/en/legal/home)
  * [Terms](https://www.binance.com/en/terms)
  * [Privacy](https://www.binance.com/en/about-legal/privacy-portal)
  * [Building Trust](https://www.binance.com/en/land/building_trust)
  * [Blog](https://www.binance.com/en/blog)
  * [Community](https://www.binance.com/en/community)
  * [Sitemap](https://www.binance.com/en/country-region-selector)
  * [Risk Warning](https://www.binance.com/en/risk-warning)
  * [Notices](https://www.binance.com/en/support/list/notices)
  * [Downloads](https://www.binance.com/en/download)
  * [Desktop Application](https://www.binance.com/en/desktop-download)

### Products

  * [Exchange](https://www.binance.com/en/trade)
  * [Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/buy-sell-crypto)
  * [Leveraged Tokens](https://www.binance.com/en/leveraged-tokens/tokens/allTokens)
  * [TradingView](https://www.binance.com/en/land/tradingview)
  * [Pay](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/payment)
  * [Academy](https://academy.binance.com/en)
  * [Live](https://www.binance.com/en/live)
  * [Tax](https://www.binance.com/en/tax)
  * [Gift Card](https://www.binance.com/en/gift-card)
  * [Launchpad & Launchpool](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)
  * [Auto-Invest](https://www.binance.com/en/auto-invest)
  * [ETH Staking](https://www.binance.com/en/eth2)
  * [NFT](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/home)
  * [BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/bnb)
  * [BABT](https://www.binance.com/en/BABT?source=footer)
  * [Research](https://www.binance.com/en/research)
  * [Charity](https://www.binance.charity)

### Business

  * [P2P Merchant Application](https://c2c.binance.com/en/merchantApplication)
  * [P2Pro Merchant Application](https://p2p.binance.com/en/p2pro)
  * [Listing Application](https://www.binance.com/en/my/coin-apply)
  * [Institutional & VIP Services](https://www.binance.com/en/vip-institutional-services)
  * [Labs](https://labs.binance.com/)

### Learn

  * [Learn & Earn](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn)
  * [Browse Crypto Prices](https://www.binance.com/en/price)
  * [Bitcoin Price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/bitcoin)
  * [Ethereum Price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/ethereum)
  * [Browse Crypto Price Predictions](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction)
  * [Bitcoin Price Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction/bitcoin)
  * [Ethereum Price Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction/ethereum)
  * [Buy Bitcoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bitcoin)
  * [Buy BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bnb)
  * [Buy Ripple](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/xrp)
  * [Buy Dogecoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/dogecoin)
  * [Buy Ethereum](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/ethereum)
  * [Buy Tradable Altcoins](https://www.binance.com/en/altcoins/tradable)

### Service

  * [Affiliate](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/affiliate)
  * [Referral](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/referral?utm_source=Lite_web_footer)
  * [OTC Trading](https://www.binance.com/en/otc)
  * [Historical Market Data](https://www.binance.com/en/landing/data)
  * [Proof of Reserves](https://www.binance.com/en/proof-of-reserves)

### Support

  * [24/7 Chat Support](https://www.binance.com/en/chat?sourceEntry=4)
  * [Support Center](https://www.binance.com/en/support)
  * [Product Feedback & Suggestions](https://www.binance.com/en/my/user-support/feedback/entry)
  * [Fees](https://www.binance.com/en/fee/schedule)
  * [APIs](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-api)
  * [Binance Verify](https://www.binance.com/en/official-verification)
  * [Trading Rules](https://www.binance.com/en/trade-rule)
  * [Binance Airdrop Portal](https://www.binance.com/en/airdrop)
  * [Law Enforcement Requests](https://www.binance.com/en/support/law-enforcement)

Binance© 2024Cookie Preferences

