![Close](/img/icons/ico_close.svg?1716491272)

Bitcoin.org is a community funded project, donations are appreciated and used
to improve the website.

Make a donation

Bitcoin.org needs your support!

Ã

Donate to Bitcoin.org

Use this QR code or address below

[ bc1qx3u4njquj0ux63030r4nat8awqrlm0x2zlt96h
](bitcoin:bc1qx3u4njquj0ux63030r4nat8awqrlm0x2zlt96h)

$5.00

(... BTC)

$25.00

(... BTC)

$50.00

(... BTC)

[![Bitcoin](/img/icons/logotop.svg?1716491272)](/en/)

  * Introduction
    * [Individuals](/en/bitcoin-for-individuals)
    * [Businesses](/en/bitcoin-for-businesses)
    * [Developers](https://developer.bitcoin.org/)
    * [Getting started](/en/getting-started)
    * [How it works](/en/how-it-works)
    * [White paper](/en/bitcoin-paper)
  * Resources
    * [Resources](/en/resources)
    * [Exchanges](/en/exchanges)
    * [Community](/en/community)
    * [Documentation](https://developer.bitcoin.org/)
    * [Vocabulary](/en/vocabulary)
    * [Events](/en/events)
    * [Bitcoin Core](/en/bitcoin-core/)
  * [Innovation](/en/innovation)
  * Participate
    * [Support Bitcoin](/en/support-bitcoin)
    * [Buy Bitcoin](/en/buy)
    * [Running a full node](/en/full-node)
    * [Development](/en/development)
  * [FAQ](/en/faq)

  * English
    *       * [Bahasa Indonesia](/id/inovasi)
      * [CatalÃ ](/ca/innovacio)
      * [Dansk](/da/innovation)
      * [Deutsch](/de/innovation)
      * [English](/en/innovation)
      * [EspaÃ±ol](/es/innovacion)
      * [FranÃ§ais](/fr/innovation)
      * [Italiano](/it/innovazione)
      * [Magyar](/hu/innovacio)
      * [Nederlands](/nl/innovatie)
      * [Polski](/pl/innowacje)
      * [PortuguÃªs Brasil](/pt_BR/inovacao)
      * [RomÃ¢nÄ](/ro/inovatie)
      * [SlovenÅ¡Äina](/sl/inovacije)
      * [Srpski](/sr/inovacija)
      * [Svenska](/sv/innovation)
    *       * [TÃ¼rkÃ§e](/tr/yenilik)
      * [ÎÎ»Î»Î·Î½Î¹ÎºÎ¬](/el/innovation)
      * [Ð±ÑÐ»Ð³Ð°ÑÑÐºÐ¸](/bg/innovation)
      * [Ð ÑÑÑÐºÐ¸Ð¹](/ru/innovation)
      * [Ð£ÐºÑÐ°ÑÐ½ÑÑÐºÐ°](/uk/innovation)
      * [ÕÕ¡ÕµÕ¥ÖÕ¥Õ¶](/hy/innovation)
      * [Ø§ÙØ¹Ø±Ø¨ÙØ©](/ar/innovation)
      * [ÙØ§Ø±Ø³Û](/fa/innovation)
      * [×¢××¨××ª](/he/innovation)
      * [à¤¹à¤¿à¤¨à¥à¤¦à¥](/hi/innovation)
      * [íêµ­ì´](/ko/innovation)
      * [ááááá](/km/innovation)
      * [æ¥æ¬èª](/ja/innovation)
      * [ç®ä½ä¸­æ](/zh_CN/innovation)
      * [ç¹é«ä¸­æ](/zh_TW/innovation)

Bahasa Indonesia CatalÃ  Dansk Deutsch English EspaÃ±ol FranÃ§ais Italiano
Magyar Nederlands Polski PortuguÃªs Brasil RomÃ¢nÄ SlovenÅ¡Äina Srpski
Svenska TÃ¼rkÃ§e ÎÎ»Î»Î·Î½Î¹ÎºÎ¬ Ð±ÑÐ»Ð³Ð°ÑÑÐºÐ¸ Ð ÑÑÑÐºÐ¸Ð¹
Ð£ÐºÑÐ°ÑÐ½ÑÑÐºÐ° ÕÕ¡ÕµÕ¥ÖÕ¥Õ¶ Ø§ÙØ¹Ø±Ø¨ÙØ© ÙØ§Ø±Ø³Û ×¢××¨××ª
à¤¹à¤¿à¤¨à¥à¤¦à¥ íêµ­ì´ ááááá æ¥æ¬èª ç®ä½ä¸­æ
ç¹é«ä¸­æ Language: en

# Innovation in Payment Systems

Bitcoin isn't just about sending money. It has many features and opens many
possibilities that the community is still exploring. Here are some of the
technologies currently being researched, and in some cases, being turned into
real products and services. The most interesting uses of Bitcoin are probably
still to be discovered.

![Icon](/img/icons/ico_control.svg?1716491272)

## Control against fraud

An unprecedented level of security is possible with Bitcoin. The network
provides users with protection against most prevalent types of fraud like
chargebacks or unwanted charges, and bitcoins are impossible to counterfeit.
Users can backup or encrypt their wallets. Hardware wallets make it very
difficult to steal or lose money. Bitcoin is designed to allow its users to
have complete control over their money.

![Icon](/img/icons/accessibility.svg?1716491272)

## Global accessibility

With Bitcoin, all payments in the world can be fully interoperable. Bitcoin
allows any bank, business or individual to securely send and receive payments
anywhere at any time, with or without a bank account. Bitcoin is available in
a large number of countries that still remain out of reach for most payment
systems due to their own limitations. Bitcoin increases global access to
commerce and it can help international trades to flourish.

![Icon](/img/icons/efficiency.svg?1716491272)

## Cost efficiency

With the use of cryptography, secure payments are possible without slow and
costly middlemen. A Bitcoin transaction can be much cheaper than its
alternatives and be completed in a short time. This means Bitcoin holds some
potential to become a common way to transfer any currency in the future.
Bitcoin could also play a role in [reducing
poverty](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BrRXP1tp6Kw) in many countries by
cutting high transaction fees on workers' salary.

![Icon](/img/icons/donation.svg?1716491272)

## Tips and donations

Bitcoin has been a particularly efficient solution for tips and donations.
Sending a payment only requires one click and receiving donations can be as
simple as displaying a QR code. Donations can be visible for the public,
giving increased transparency for non-profit organizations. In cases of
emergencies such as natural disasters, Bitcoin donations could contribute to a
faster international response.

![Icon](/img/icons/crowdfunding.svg?1716491272)

## Crowdfunding

Bitcoin can be used to run Kickstarter-like crowdfunding campaigns, in which
individuals pledge money to a project that is taken from them only if enough
pledges are received to meet the target. Such assurance contracts are
processed by the Bitcoin protocol, which prevents a transaction from taking
place until all conditions have been met. [Learn
more](https://en.bitcoin.it/wiki/Contracts#Example_3:_Assurance_contracts)
about the technology behind crowdfunding.

![Icon](/img/icons/micro-payments.svg?1716491272)

## Micro payments

Imagine listening to Internet radio paid by the second, viewing web pages with
a small tip for each ad not shown, or buying bandwidth from a WiFi hotspot by
the kilobyte. Bitcoin is efficient enough to make all of these ideas possible.
[Learn more](https://bitcoinj.github.io/working-with-micropayments) about the
technology behind Bitcoin micropayments or about [future
upgrades](http://lightning.network/) currently being designed and implemented
to make micropayments more accessible.

![Icon](/img/icons/mediation.svg?1716491272)

## Dispute mediation

Bitcoin can be used to develop innovative dispute mediation services using
multiple signatures. Such services could make it possible for a third party to
approve or reject a transaction in case of disagreement between the other
parties without having control of their money. Since these services would be
compatible with any user and merchant using Bitcoin, this would likely lead to
free competition and higher quality standards.

![Icon](/img/icons/multi-signature.svg?1716491272)

## Multi-signature accounts

Multiple signatures allow a transaction to be accepted by the network only if
a certain number of a defined group of persons agree to sign the transaction.
This could be used by a board of directors to prevent any member to spend
parts of their treasury without other members' consent. This can also be used
by banks to prevent theft by blocking payments above a threshold if the user
does not provide additional credentials.

![Icon](/img/icons/trust.svg?1716491272)

## Trust and integrity

Bitcoin offers solutions to many of the trust problems that plague banks. With
selective accounting transparency, digital contracts, and irreversible
transactions, Bitcoin can be used as a ground to restore trust and agreement.
Crooked banks cannot cheat the system to make a profit at the expense of other
banks or the public. A future in which major banks would support Bitcoin could
help to reinstate integrity and trust in financial institutions.

![Icon](/img/icons/decentralization.svg?1716491272)

## Resilience and decentralization

By way of decentralization, Bitcoin created a different type of payment
network with an increased level of resilience and redundancy. Bitcoin can
handle millions of dollars in trades without requiring military protection.
With no central point of failure such as a data center, attacking the network
is difficult. Bitcoin could represent an interesting step forward in securing
local and global financial systems.

![Icon](/img/icons/transparency.svg?1716491272)

## Flexible transparency

All Bitcoin transactions are public and transparent and the identity of the
people behind transactions are private by default. This allows individuals and
organizations to work with flexible transparency rules. For instance, a
business can choose to reveal certain transactions and balances only to
certain employees just like a non-profit organization is free to allow the
public to see how much they receive in daily and monthly donations.

![Icon](/img/icons/automatization.svg?1716491272)

## Automated solutions

Automated services usually have to deal with costs and limitations of cash, or
credit card payments. This includes all kinds of vending machines, from train
tickets to soda machines. Bitcoin is suited to be used in a new generation of
automated services to cut their operating costs. Imagine self-driving taxis or
a store where you can pay for your purchases without waiting in line. Many
ideas are possible.

[ ![Bitcoin](/img/icons/logo-footer.svg?1716491272) ](/en/)

Support Bitcoin.org: Donate

[bc1qx3u4njquj0ux63030r4nat8awqrlm0x2zlt96h](bitcoin:bc1qx3u4njquj0ux63030r4nat8awqrlm0x2zlt96h)

Introduction:

  * [Individuals](/en/bitcoin-for-individuals)
  * [Businesses](/en/bitcoin-for-businesses)
  * [Developers](https://developer.bitcoin.org/)
  * [Getting started](/en/getting-started)
  * [How it works](/en/how-it-works)
  * [You need to know](/en/you-need-to-know)
  * [White paper](/en/bitcoin-paper)

Resources:

  * [Resources](/en/resources)
  * [Exchanges](/en/exchanges)
  * [Community](/en/community)
  * [Vocabulary ](/en/vocabulary)
  * [Events](/en/events)
  * [Bitcoin Core](/en/bitcoin-core/)

Participate:

  * [Support Bitcoin](/en/support-bitcoin)
  * [Buy Bitcoin](/en/buy)
  * [Running a full node](/en/full-node)
  * [Development](/en/development)

Other:

[Avoid Scams](/en/scams) [Legal](/en/legal) [Privacy Policy](/en/privacy)
[Press](/en/press) [About bitcoin.org](/en/about-us) [Blog](/en/blog)

Â© Bitcoin Project 2009-2024 Released under the [MIT
license](http://opensource.org/licenses/mit-license.php)

[Network Status](/en/alerts)

  * English
    *       * [Bahasa Indonesia](/id/inovasi)
      * [CatalÃ ](/ca/innovacio)
      * [Dansk](/da/innovation)
      * [Deutsch](/de/innovation)
      * [English](/en/innovation)
      * [EspaÃ±ol](/es/innovacion)
      * [FranÃ§ais](/fr/innovation)
      * [Italiano](/it/innovazione)
      * [Magyar](/hu/innovacio)
      * [Nederlands](/nl/innovatie)
      * [Polski](/pl/innowacje)
      * [PortuguÃªs Brasil](/pt_BR/inovacao)
      * [RomÃ¢nÄ](/ro/inovatie)
      * [SlovenÅ¡Äina](/sl/inovacije)
      * [Srpski](/sr/inovacija)
      * [Svenska](/sv/innovation)
    *       * [TÃ¼rkÃ§e](/tr/yenilik)
      * [ÎÎ»Î»Î·Î½Î¹ÎºÎ¬](/el/innovation)
      * [Ð±ÑÐ»Ð³Ð°ÑÑÐºÐ¸](/bg/innovation)
      * [Ð ÑÑÑÐºÐ¸Ð¹](/ru/innovation)
      * [Ð£ÐºÑÐ°ÑÐ½ÑÑÐºÐ°](/uk/innovation)
      * [ÕÕ¡ÕµÕ¥ÖÕ¥Õ¶](/hy/innovation)
      * [Ø§ÙØ¹Ø±Ø¨ÙØ©](/ar/innovation)
      * [ÙØ§Ø±Ø³Û](/fa/innovation)
      * [×¢××¨××ª](/he/innovation)
      * [à¤¹à¤¿à¤¨à¥à¤¦à¥](/hi/innovation)
      * [íêµ­ì´](/ko/innovation)
      * [ááááá](/km/innovation)
      * [æ¥æ¬èª](/ja/innovation)
      * [ç®ä½ä¸­æ](/zh_CN/innovation)
      * [ç¹é«ä¸­æ](/zh_TW/innovation)

Bahasa Indonesia CatalÃ  Dansk Deutsch English EspaÃ±ol FranÃ§ais Italiano
Magyar Nederlands Polski PortuguÃªs Brasil RomÃ¢nÄ SlovenÅ¡Äina Srpski
Svenska TÃ¼rkÃ§e ÎÎ»Î»Î·Î½Î¹ÎºÎ¬ Ð±ÑÐ»Ð³Ð°ÑÑÐºÐ¸ Ð ÑÑÑÐºÐ¸Ð¹
Ð£ÐºÑÐ°ÑÐ½ÑÑÐºÐ° ÕÕ¡ÕµÕ¥ÖÕ¥Õ¶ Ø§ÙØ¹Ø±Ø¨ÙØ© ÙØ§Ø±Ø³Û ×¢××¨××ª
à¤¹à¤¿à¤¨à¥à¤¦à¥ íêµ­ì´ ááááá æ¥æ¬èª ç®ä½ä¸­æ
ç¹é«ä¸­æ en

