[](https://www.binance.com/en)

[Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/crypto/buy)

[Markets](https://www.binance.com/en/markets/overview)

Trade

Basic

  * [SpotBuy and sell on the Spot market with advanced tools](https://www.binance.com/en/trade/BTC_USDT?type=spot)
  * [MarginIncrease your profits with leverage](https://www.binance.com/en/trade?type=cross)
  * [P2PBuy & sell cryptocurrencies using bank transfer and 800+ options](https://p2p.binance.com/en)
  * [Convert & Block TradeThe easiest way to trade at all sizes](https://www.binance.com/en/convert)

Advanced

  * [Trading BotsTrade smarter with our various automated strategies - easy, fast and reliable](https://www.binance.com/en/trading-bots)
  * [Copy TradingFollow the most popular traders](https://www.binance.com/en/copy-trading)
  * [APIsUnlimited opportunities with one key](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-api)

[Futures](https://www.binance.com/en/futures/home)

  * [USDⓈ-M FuturesContracts settled in USDT and USDC](https://www.binance.com/en/futures)
  * [COIN-M FuturesContracts settled in cryptocurrency](https://www.binance.com/en/delivery)
  * [OptionsUSDT Options with limited downside and affordable entry](https://www.binance.com/en/eoptions)

[Earn](https://www.binance.com/en/earn)

[Square](https://www.binance.com/en/square)

  * [SquareStay informed with everything crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/square)
  * [Academy (Learn & Earn)Earn crypto by learning about blockchain](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn)
  * [BlogExpand your knowledge and get the latest insights](https://www.binance.com/en/blog)
  * [ResearchInstitutional-grade analysis, in-depth insights, and more](https://www.binance.com/en/research)

More

  * [VIP & InstitutionalYour trusted digital asset platform for VIPs and institutions](https://www.binance.com/en/vip-institutional-services)
  * [Launchpad & LaunchpoolDiscover and gain access to new token launches](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)
  * [MegadropLock your BNB and complete Web3 quests for boosted airdrop rewards](https://www.binance.com/en/megadrop)
  * [Mining PoolMine more rewards by connecting to the pool](https://pool.binance.com/en)
  * [PaySend, receive and spend crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/payment)
  * [LoansGet an instant loan secured by crypto assets](https://www.binance.com/en/loan)

  * [NFTExplore NFTs from creators worldwide](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/home)
  * [Fan TokenDiscover an all-new fandom and unlock unlimited fan experiences](https://www.binance.com/en/fan-token)
  * [Web3 WalletMeet the next-generation Web3 wallet](https://www.binance.com/en/web3wallet)
  * [BNB ChainThe most popular blockchain to build your own dApp](https://www.bnbchain.org)
  * [CharityBlockchain empowers charity to be more transparent, efficient, and traceable](https://www.binance.charity)

[Log
In](https://accounts.binance.com/en/login?loginChannel=blog&return_to=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYmluYW5jZS5jb20vZW4vYmxvZy9jb21wbGlhbmNlL3BsYXlpbmctYnktdGhlLXJ1bGVzLWNvcnBvcmF0ZS1jb21wbGlhbmNlLWF0LWJpbmFuY2UtNDk5MDQxNjkyNDUwOTY2NDc1P2xhbmc9ZW4%3D)[Sign
Up](https://accounts.binance.com/en/register?registerChannel=blog&return_to=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYmluYW5jZS5jb20vZW4vYmxvZy9jb21wbGlhbmNlL3BsYXlpbmctYnktdGhlLXJ1bGVzLWNvcnBvcmF0ZS1jb21wbGlhbmNlLWF0LWJpbmFuY2UtNDk5MDQxNjkyNDUwOTY2NDc1P2xhbmc9ZW4%3D)

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/images/common/logo.png)

Scan to Download App IOS & Android

[More Download
Options](https://www.binance.com/en/download?utm_source=&utm_campaign=)

##### [Binance Blog](/blog)

# Playing by the Rules: Corporate Compliance at Binance

2023-08-03

[Playing by the Rules](/blog/tag/playing-by-the-rules-45)

## Main Takeaways

  * In the new issue of _Playing by the Rules_ , a blog series dedicated to Binance’s compliance program, we zoom in on our Corporate Compliance team.

  * Binance's Corporate Compliance covers a vast range of disciplines, including regulatory exam and audit management, product compliance, third-party due diligence, monitoring and testing, risk assessment and governance, policy, and learning and development.

  * The Corporate Compliance team helps ensure that Binance adheres to legal and regulatory requirements in every aspect of its operations, maintains robust compliance controls, and continuously improves its processes to remain at the forefront of the industry.

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20230724/59540bb5-9a4c-4d8c-8fce-e4dbe75a8f14)

Binance is a massive global organization that employs thousands of people and
serves users in many jurisdictions that have varying regulatory requirements
for digital assets-related activity. In order to advance the freedom of money
around the world responsibly and ensure our customers’ safety, we must be
certain that every internal system and business process within Binance is
designed and runs in a way that is compliant with all applicable rules and
regulations. Considering Binance’s size and geographical diversity, in
addition to the ever-evolving regulatory and crypto landscape, there is one
team that serves all compliance program pillars to design risk-based
approaches and drive transparency, this is a truly colossal task. The force in
charge of this essential work is our Corporate Compliance team.

The scope of the team’s functions includes regulatory exam and audit
management, product compliance, third-party due diligence, quality assurance,
compliance risk management and risk governance, policy and program, and
learning and development. Within Corporate Compliance, there are specialized
teams to handle these lines of work.

For example, the Policy & Program team maintains and regularly updates the
Anti-Money Laundering and Sanctions programs that apply to Binance’s suite of
global products and services. The Product Compliance team works closely with
the product and tech teams to ensure that risk-based AML/Sanctions controls
are embedded into each of the company’s products and services. Whatever the
specific focus, each of these teams is working to ensure that appropriate
compliance measures are present at every level of the organization. At the
helm of our Corporate Compliance team is Kristen Hecht, Binance’s newly
appointed Deputy Chief Compliance Officer and Global Money Laundering
Reporting Officer.

## Binance’s Approach to Compliance

At the heart of Binance’s corporate compliance program is a risk-based
approach that drives and shapes our commitment to user protection and
compliance culture and strategy from the top down. It starts with carefully
identifying the key compliance risk management areas for Binance, the
industry, and the global regulatory environment. On this foundation, our
Compliance team has developed a six-step process for identifying the
organization’s core risk exposures, as well as a structured methodology for
risk identification, assessment, mitigation, and ongoing monitoring. Our
Corporate Compliance team then puts this methodology into practice.

Appropriate risk governance and leadership also play an essential role in
effective compliance risk management at Binance. There are evolving internal
compliance risk-governing advisory bodies within the organization that are
tasked with compliance risk management and oversight responsibilities in line
with global and local compliance standard requirements.

Additionally, for all regulated entities that report directly to a local Board
of Directors and their relevant sub-committees, there is enhanced risk and
compliance governance to ensure that regulatory requirements are met. This
structure ensures the right level of focus and emphasis on regulatory
compliance and fosters efficient decision-making by the leadership team.

The implementation of the compliance risk management program across Binance
relies on close collaboration between various teams, accountability, and
ownership. Regional teams and business units feel empowered to identify and
escalate issues using the implemented risk processes and structures, which
complements our top-down approach with an important bottom-up feedback
component.

## Testing Compliance Controls Across the Business

An organization of Binance’s scale consists of numerous business processes
that flow within and across its units and divisions and there are controls in
place to ensure that each of these processes runs in accordance with all
applicable rules, policies, and regulations. The job of the Quality Assurance
(QA) team within the Corporate Compliance department is to conduct QA testing
of these business processes and align them with Binance’s policies and local
regulatory requirements. The objective of the QA framework is to periodically
assess the quality and effectiveness of controls, as well as to identify
deficiencies and issues.

The QA team monitors and tests compliance controls by sampling cases and
checking them against a predefined test script derived from relevant policy
and procedure documents. Any errors and issues identified in the course of
these reviews are communicated to stakeholders and teams responsible for
rectifying them and the results of these reviews are reported to the company’s
management.

Through consistent and regular reviews, Corporate Compliance Quality Assurance
promotes a culture of continuous improvement and helps to ensure that
compliance controls are robust at different levels within the organization.

## Handling Regulatory Examinations and Audits

Binance regularly undergoes external regulatory examinations and audits.
Preparing for them is a collaborative process that involves stakeholders from
the broader Compliance team, Internal Exam and Audit, Operations, and Legal,
among others. The shared goal is to ensure that Binance’s policies,
procedures, and operations meet the regulatory and legal requirements in the
many jurisdictions around the world where we operate.

As the global regulatory environment and associated compliance requirements
are still evolving and not yet fully formed, we work hard to ensure that we
understand the changing landscape and continue to operate in a compliant
manner.

In each jurisdiction, Compliance, Legal, and Operations work closely together
with local experts to ensure the compliance requirements are followed and
applied to the services we provide. When the time comes for a regulatory exam
and audit, whether regularly scheduled or spot, the Corporate Compliance team
collaborates with the relevant local teams to provide any necessary support.
Many team members are former regulators and examiners themselves and can thus
assist in a meaningful manner.

For regulated entities, the exam and audit process is led and managed by the
local responsible persons and ultimate decision-making sits with the Board of
Directors and Senior Management (including compliance and risk) located in the
applicable country. Corporate Compliance is there as a shared resource to
assist and support local teams through the exam and audit process.

## Employee Compliance Training at Binance

The core goal of our Compliance Program is to ensure each Binance employee has
sufficient awareness of compliance requirements and understands the importance
of a robust company-wide compliance culture, which underpins our commitment to
protect our users. We require each employee to undergo regular compliance
training. Through these mandatory training programs, the Compliance Learning
and Development Team promotes a culture of compliance in the organization and
ensures that all employees understand and adhere to legal and regulatory
requirements.

Every Binance employee must go through a series of Global compliance training
modules that cover essential topics, such as anti-money laundering and
counter-terrorism financing, sanctions compliance, anti-bribery and
corruption, preventing market abuse and staff dealing policies. These
trainings include assessments that each employee must successfully complete
within a limited period of time.

In addition to mandatory training, the Compliance Training team identifies
Binance's specific compliance training needs using a variety of methodologies,
including surveys, interviews, knowledge evaluations, as well as monitoring
relevant regulatory developments. Based on the assessment of training needs,
the team creates e-learning training programs that comply with up-to-date
regulatory requirements, industry best practices and the organization's
policies. The team also develops advanced training programs tailored for the
leadership team that focus on the compliance duties and obligations that a
leader should understand.

Binance also encourages and sponsors employees to obtain globally recognized
accreditations through professional organizations such as the Association of
Certified Anti-Money Laundering Specialists (ACAMS) and Association of
Certified Sanctions Specialists (ACSS).

The overall effectiveness of the training programs is evaluated by collecting
feedback from participants and conducting assessments to measure knowledge
retention and application. The results will be used to identify any gaps or
areas of improvement for necessary revisions to the training materials or
delivery methods.

## Final Thoughts

Binance's Corporate Compliance team plays a key role in maintaining the
integrity and security of the organization while ensuring adherence to
applicable rules and regulations. The ever-evolving regulatory landscape for
digital assets demands a comprehensive and proactive approach to compliance.
By focusing on the key areas detailed above, the Corporate Compliance team
fulfills our commitment to protect users according to global regulatory
standards.

## Further Reading

  * [ _Playing by the Rules: The Crypto Compliance Landscape Today_](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/community/playing-by-the-rules-the-crypto-compliance-landscape-today-2911606196614178290)

  * [ _Playing by the Rules: An Overview of Binance’s Compliance Program_](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/community/playing-by-the-rules-an-overview-of-binances-compliance-program-7787599269355947143)

  * [ _Expertise in the Binance Compliance Team_](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/community/expertise-in-the-binance-compliance-team-2440494994988411195)

 _Risk Warning: Digital assets are subject to high market risk and price
volatility. The value of your investment can go down or up and you may not get
back the amount invested. You are solely responsible for your investment
decisions and Binance is not liable for any losses you may incur. Past
performance is not a reliable predictor of future performance. You should only
invest in products you are familiar with and where you understand the risks.
You should carefully consider your investment experience, financial situation,
investment objectives and risk tolerance and consult an independent financial
adviser prior to making any investment. This material should not be construed
as financial advice. For more information, see our_[ __Terms of
Use__](https://www.binance.com/en/terms) _and_[ __Risk
Warning__](https://www.binance.com/en/risk-warning) _._

194,523,257 users chose us. Find out why today.

Register Now

Like this post

###### Share Post

Article Outlines

Playing by the Rules: Corporate Compliance at Binance

Main Takeaways

Binance’s Approach to Compliance

Testing Compliance Controls Across the Business

Handling Regulatory Examinations and Audits

Employee Compliance Training at Binance

Final Thoughts

Further Reading

194,523,257 users chose us. Find out why today.

Register Now

### Community

[](https://discord.gg/jE4wt8g2H2)[](https://www.binance.com/en/community)[](https://www.tiktok.com/@binance?lang=en)[](https://www.facebook.com/binance)[](https://twitter.com/binance)[](https://www.reddit.com/r/binance)[](https://www.instagram.com/Binance/)[](https://coinmarketcap.com/exchanges/binance/)[](https://www.youtube.com/binanceyoutube)[](https://www.binance.com/en/community)

English

English

العربية

العربية (البحرين)

български

Čeština

Dansk

Deutsch (Schweiz)

Ελληνικά

English (UAE)

English (Australia)

English (Bahrain)

English (India)

English (Japan)

English (Kazakhstan)

English (Nigeria)

English (New Zealand)

English (South Africa)

Español (España)

Español (Argentina)

Español (Latinoamérica)

Español (México)

Français

Français (Afrique)

magyar nyelv

Bahasa Indonesia

Italiano

日本語

Қазақша (Қазақстан)

Қазақша

ລາວ

latviešu valoda

Polski

Português

Português (Brasil)

Română

Русский

Русский (Казахстан)

Русский (Украина)

සිංහල

Slovenčina

Slovenščina

Svenska

Türkçe

Українська

Tiếng Việt

简体中文

繁體中文

USD-$

USD-$

AED-د.إ

ARS-ARS$

AUD-A$

BDT-৳

BGN-лв

BHD-.د.ب

BOB-$b

BRL-R$

CAD-C$

CHF-CHF

CNY-¥

COP-COL$

CZK-Kč

DKK-KR

EGP-E£

EUR-€

GBP-£

HKD-HKD

HRK-kn

HUF-Ft

IDR-Rp

INR-₹

JPY-¥

KES-KSh

KWD-ك.د

KZT-₸

MAD-م.د.

MNT-₮

MXN-Mex$

NZD-NZ$

OMR-ر.ع.

PEN-S/.

PHP-₱

PKR-₨

PLN-zł

QAR-ر.ق

RON-lei

RUB-₽

SAR-ر.س

SEK-kr

THB-฿

TRY-₺

TWD-NT$

UAH-₴

UGX-USh

VES-Bs

VND-₫

ZAR-R

Theme

English

USD

Theme

### About Us

  * [About](https://www.binance.com/en/about)
  * [Careers](https://www.binance.com/en/careers)
  * [Announcements](https://www.binance.com/en/support/announcement)
  * [News](https://www.binance.com/en/square/news/all)
  * [Press](https://www.binance.com/en/press)
  * [Legal](https://www.binance.com/en/legal/home)
  * [Terms](https://www.binance.com/en/terms)
  * [Privacy](https://www.binance.com/en/about-legal/privacy-portal)
  * [Building Trust](https://www.binance.com/en/land/building_trust)
  * [Blog](https://www.binance.com/en/blog)
  * [Community](https://www.binance.com/en/community)
  * [Sitemap](https://www.binance.com/en/country-region-selector)
  * [Risk Warning](https://www.binance.com/en/risk-warning)
  * [Notices](https://www.binance.com/en/support/list/notices)
  * [Downloads](https://www.binance.com/en/download)
  * [Desktop Application](https://www.binance.com/en/desktop-download)

### Products

  * [Exchange](https://www.binance.com/en/trade)
  * [Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/buy-sell-crypto)
  * [Leveraged Tokens](https://www.binance.com/en/leveraged-tokens/tokens/allTokens)
  * [TradingView](https://www.binance.com/en/land/tradingview)
  * [Pay](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/payment)
  * [Academy](https://academy.binance.com/en)
  * [Live](https://www.binance.com/en/live)
  * [Tax](https://www.binance.com/en/tax)
  * [Gift Card](https://www.binance.com/en/gift-card)
  * [Launchpad & Launchpool](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)
  * [Auto-Invest](https://www.binance.com/en/auto-invest)
  * [ETH Staking](https://www.binance.com/en/eth2)
  * [NFT](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/home)
  * [BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/bnb)
  * [BABT](https://www.binance.com/en/BABT?source=footer)
  * [Research](https://www.binance.com/en/research)
  * [Charity](https://www.binance.charity)

### Business

  * [P2P Merchant Application](https://c2c.binance.com/en/merchantApplication)
  * [P2Pro Merchant Application](https://p2p.binance.com/en/p2pro)
  * [Listing Application](https://www.binance.com/en/my/coin-apply)
  * [Institutional & VIP Services](https://www.binance.com/en/vip-institutional-services)
  * [Labs](https://labs.binance.com/)

### Learn

  * [Learn & Earn](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn)
  * [Browse Crypto Prices](https://www.binance.com/en/price)
  * [Bitcoin Price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/bitcoin)
  * [Ethereum Price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/ethereum)
  * [Browse Crypto Price Predictions](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction)
  * [Bitcoin Price Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction/bitcoin)
  * [Ethereum Price Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction/ethereum)
  * [Buy Bitcoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bitcoin)
  * [Buy BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bnb)
  * [Buy Ripple](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/xrp)
  * [Buy Dogecoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/dogecoin)
  * [Buy Ethereum](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/ethereum)
  * [Buy Tradable Altcoins](https://www.binance.com/en/altcoins/tradable)

### Service

  * [Affiliate](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/affiliate)
  * [Referral](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/referral?utm_source=Lite_web_footer)
  * [OTC Trading](https://www.binance.com/en/otc)
  * [Historical Market Data](https://www.binance.com/en/landing/data)
  * [Proof of Reserves](https://www.binance.com/en/proof-of-reserves)

### Support

  * [24/7 Chat Support](https://www.binance.com/en/chat?sourceEntry=4)
  * [Support Center](https://www.binance.com/en/support)
  * [Product Feedback & Suggestions](https://www.binance.com/en/my/user-support/feedback/entry)
  * [Fees](https://www.binance.com/en/fee/schedule)
  * [APIs](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-api)
  * [Binance Verify](https://www.binance.com/en/official-verification)
  * [Trading Rules](https://www.binance.com/en/trade-rule)
  * [Binance Airdrop Portal](https://www.binance.com/en/airdrop)
  * [Law Enforcement Requests](https://www.binance.com/en/support/law-enforcement)

Binance© 2024Cookie Preferences

