[![Helium Logo](/_next/static/media/logosymbol.e32f55d5.svg)](/)

Build![Down arrow](/_next/static/media/navarrow.68f4a5a0.svg)

[HotspotsBuild the network and mine HNT](/mine)

[TokenExplore HNT and Data Credits](/token)

[Helium 5GDeploy 5G Coverage on Helium](/5G)

Use IoT![Down arrow](/_next/static/media/navarrow.68f4a5a0.svg)

[CommercialConnect your devices to the Network](/commercial)

[RoamAdd our coverage to yours](/roam)

[SolutionsDiscover solutions built on Helium](/solutions)

[Developer DocumentationTechnical Information, FAQ and
Support](https://docs.helium.com)

[Featured ProductsIOT sensors from popular manufacturers](/featured-products)

Resources![Down arrow](/_next/static/media/navarrow.68f4a5a0.svg)

[BlogRead our news and announcements](https://blog.helium.com)

[Helium ExplorerNetwork Map](https://explorer.helium.com)

[CommunityJoin the Helium Discord](https://discord.gg/helium)

[Ecosystem](/ecosystem)[Case Studies](/stories)

![Menu](/_next/static/media/menuwhite.97522b9f.svg)

![Cross](/_next/static/media/cross.97e56514.svg)

Build ![Diagonal Down Arrow](/_next/static/media/dropdownarrow.10ee975b.svg)

[Hotspots](/mine)[Token](/token)[Helium 5G](/5G)

Use IoT ![Diagonal Down Arrow](/_next/static/media/dropdownarrow.10ee975b.svg)

[Commercial](/commercial)[Roam](/roam)[Solutions](/solutions)[Developer
Documentation](https://docs.helium.com)[Featured Products](/featured-products)

Resources ![Diagonal Down
Arrow](/_next/static/media/dropdownarrow.10ee975b.svg)

[Blog](https://blog.helium.com)[Helium
Explorer](https://explorer.helium.com)[Community](https://discord.gg/helium)

[Ecosystem](/ecosystem)[Case Studies](/stories)

![Purple Blur](/_next/static/media/purple-blur.9774ab66.svg)

# Use the Helium Network.

Build your IoT network and applications on Helium, the world's largest LoRaWAN
network.

Massive Coverage

The world’s largest contiguous wireless network

Miles of Range

Devices can communicate 200x further than Wi-Fi

Affordable

Extremely low connectivity costs to send your data

## What do you need

## to get started?

1

[Assess Network Coverage](/commercial#assess)

2

[LoRaWan Compatible Sensors](/commercial#compatible-sensors)

3

[LoRaWan Network Server (LNS)](/commercial#lns)

4

[Data Visualization Software](/commercial#data-visualization)

## 1\. Assess Network Coverage

Helium utilizes LoRaWAN technology. A gateway's long-range coverage can reach
over 10 miles in optimal conditions and multiple city blocks in urban
environments. LoRaWAN is a great technology for penetrating hard to reach
areas. Redundant coverage, or the deployment of multiple gateways within an
area for overlapping coverage, increases reliability and network resilience.

Public Coverage

can be used anywhere Hotspots have been deployed. Check active gateways in
your area on [Helium Explorer](https://explorer.helium.com/).

or Deploy Your Own Network

to supplement coverage using Helium-compatible gateways.

Deploying Helium Gateways

![Green Checkmark](/_next/static/media/green-check-mark.811a1903.svg)

Check the frequency used in your [region](https://docs.helium.com/iot/lorawan-
region-plans/).

Frequencies vary by country and region, following local regulations.

![Green Checkmark](/_next/static/media/green-check-mark.811a1903.svg)

Choose your hardware. Helium specific models from [approved
manufacturers](https://www.helium.com/mine) participate in proof-of-coverage
mining and data transfer rewards.

Or, utilize any other off-the-shelf 8-channel gateways as [data-only
Hotspots](https://docs.helium.com/iot/data-only-hotspots/) (data-only Hotspots
do not mine tokens with proof-of-coverage).

![Green Checkmark](/_next/static/media/green-check-mark.811a1903.svg)

Deploy and onboard gateways.

Gateways require a power source and internet backhaul (wifi, ethernet,
cellular, etc.). The best deployments have good line-of-sight and minimized
obstruction to sensors.

## 2\. LoRaWAN Compatible Sensors

LoRaWAN sensors are available from a wide variety of manufacturers and
vendors. The wireless IoT devices can serve applications like asset tracking,
remote utility monitoring, flood detection, environmental monitoring, smart
agriculture, and much more (find some examples on Helium’s case study page).

Use any off-the-shelf LoRaWAN sensors (class A and class C). When browsing
devices for your use case, you can consider:

![Award Symbol](/_next/static/media/certification.d46ebb3c.svg)

LoRaWAN® Certification

Certified and tested by the LoRa Alliance

![Frequency Lines](/_next/static/media/frequency.30f15125.svg)

Frequency Compatibility

Follow your regional frequency plan

![Battery Life Icon](/_next/static/media/battery-life.821b417c.svg)

Battery Life

Power consumption & longevity

![IP Icon](/_next/static/media/ip.8b5afa90.svg)

IP rating

Enclosure durability

## 3\. LoRaWAN Network Server (LNS)

What is an LNS?

A LoRaWAN Network Server (LNS) is where devices are onboarded. The LNS is
responsible for device management, message routing, and integration with
application servers.

Find [an LNS Provider](https://docs.helium.com/iot/find-a-lns-provider/)

Hosting companies can provide support and immediate access to a connectivity
platform. Working with a provider allows companies to leverage expertise of
focused and local teams at a low-cost entry point.

or [run your own LNS](https://docs.helium.com/iot/run-an-lns/)

This requires additional development, set-up, management, and expertise. It is
generally not recommended for testing or small scale projects. Running an LNS
in-house can give companies more control, autonomy, and cost savings at scale.

## 4\. Data Visualization Software

Analyze the data in your favorite IoT platform by adding an integration. Data
visualization and management platforms can be used to analyze trends,
configure real-time alerting, and optimize systems and operations. Platforms
are integrated directly through your chosen LNS.

Looking for partners or low-code dashboards to get started?

Check out [helium.com/ecosystem](https://www.helium.com/ecosystem), and
navigate to “Integrations”.

# Ready to go!

Additional information on device onboarding, tutorials, and general project
support can be offered by your LNS provider.

Take Full Control of Deployments

Mission-critical LoRaWAN solutions run on the Helium Network. Companies can
control their own infrastructure by:

  * Deploying gateways and utilizing public coverage to improve redundancy and resilience.

  * Hosting a LoRaWAN Network Server for full control in-house.

I want to...Connect devices to the NetworkBuild the Network & mine HNTDo both
of the aboveDiscuss Roaming Agreements/Partnerships

## Get Ecosystem Updates to Your Inbox

* * *

##### Learn

[Home](/)[Ecosystem](/ecosystem)[Solutions](/solutions)[Blog](https://blog.helium.com)[Whitepaper](http://whitepaper.helium.com)

##### Get Involved

[Mine](/mine)[Use](/commercial)[Roam](/roam)[Switch from 3G](/switch)[HNT and
Data Credits](/token)[Developers](https://docs.helium.com)[Helium Mobile](/5G)

##### Social

[Discord](https://discord.gg/helium)[Twitter](https://twitter.com/helium)[Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/heliumsystems)[LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/company/heliuminc)[Github](https://github.com/helium)[YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/c/HeliumInc)[Reddit](https://www.reddit.com/r/HeliumNetwork)[Instagram](https://www.instagram.com/helium/)

##### Get in Touch

[hello@helium.foundation](mailto:hello@helium.foundation)[press@helium.foundation](mailto:press@helium.foundation)

* * *

![Helium Logo](/_next/static/media/logo-horizontalwhite.ecf69e9c.svg)

[Privacy Policy](/privacy)[Website Terms](/website-terms)

