Metaco.com will be sunset as of June 7, 2024

[Learn more](https://ripple.com/solutions/digital-asset-custody/ "Learn more")

Skip to main content

[![Metaco](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/logo.svg?x88149)![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/logo-w.svg?x88149)](https://www.metaco.com)

  * Solutions __

__Solutions

Solutions

    * [__Global Custodians Build tomorrow's market infrastructure ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/global-custodians-top-tier-banks/)
    * [__Universal Banks Satisfy demand for new asset classes ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/universal-banks/)
    * [__Neobanks & FintechsFind new routes to monetization ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/neobanks-fintechs/)
    * [__Regulated Exchanges Grow volumes and profit margins ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/regulated-exchanges/)
    * [__Corporates Boost customer loyalty and engagement ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/corporates/)

  * Platform __

__Platform

Platform

Deploy ambitious digital asset use cases with the most secure and versatile
infrastructure.

    * [__Harmonize™ Platform Overview Issue, store, trade, transfer, settle and service any type of digital asset. ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/harmonize/)
    * [__Custody Hot, warm and institutional cold storage ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/custody/)
    * [__Trading Powerful order execution, funding and settlement ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/trading/)
    * [__Web3 Web3 Portal spanning NFTs, DeFi and DApps ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/web3/)
    * [__Governance Entirely customizable risk and compliance controls ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/governance/)
    * [__Orchestration A single source of truth for managing all digital assets ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/orchestration/)
    * [__Tokenization Asset-agnostic smart contract management framework ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/tokenization/)
    * [__Integration Fully integrable platform following enterprise standards ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/integration/)
    * [__Security Highest protection against insider and external threats ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/security/)

  * Company __

__Company

Company

    * [__About](https://www.metaco.com/company/about/)
    * [__Media & news](https://www.metaco.com/company/media-coverage-press-releases/)
    * [__Careers](https://www.metaco.com/careers/)

  * Resources __

__Resources

Resources

    * [__Talks](https://www.metaco.com/resources/talks/)
    * [__Webinars](https://www.metaco.com/resources/webinars/)
    * [__Case studies](https://www.metaco.com/resources/case-studies/)
    * [__Reports](https://www.metaco.com/resources/reports/)
    * [__Blog](https://www.metaco.com/resources/blog/)

[Contact](https://www.metaco.com/contact/ "Contact")

[Talks](https://www.metaco.com/category/talks/)

Metaco Talks Ep. 36

# Asset managers in the token economy

**Date**  
Recording and transcript from live event on **17th of March 2023**  
For this episode of Metaco Talks, we are joined by [Marcus
Gassmann](https://www.linkedin.com/in/marcus-gassmann-8801a1256/), Senior
Business Expert Capital Markets at [Union Investment](https://www.union-
investment.de/), one of the largest asset management companies in Germany with
more than 400 billion EURO assets under management – and as some people call
it – one of the most crypto-friendly asset management firms on the market. We
are also joined by [Benjamin Schaub](https://www.linkedin.com/in/benjamin-
schaub/), Chief Digital Officer at [Intas.tech](https://intas.tech/), a highly
specialized consultancy which supports financial institutions in the strategy,
planning, implementation and integration of use cases around digital assets
and blockchain.  
  
**Topics discussed**

Understanding the German financial market structure & dynamics;  
Crypto regulations and the impact on the investment process;  
Tokenization strategies for the asset management industry

  * __

March 17, 2023

  *  __40 min
  *  __Hosted by Seamus Donoghue (Chief Growth Officer, Metaco)

See video recordingRead transcript

Share

  * [ __](https://www.linkedin.com/sharing/share-offsite/?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.metaco.com%2Ftalks%2Fframework-asset-management-token-economy-unioninvestment-intas%2F)
  * [__](https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Metaco+https%3A%2F%2Fwww.metaco.com%2Ftalks%2Fframework-asset-management-token-economy-unioninvestment-intas%2F+via+%40metaco_sa)

  * ![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/02/metaco-talks-logo.png?x88149)
  * ![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/03/1.png?x88149)
  * ![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/03/2.png?x88149)

## Play video recording

![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/03/mt-
ep-36-li-1.jpg?x88149)

  * [![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/01/spotify.png?x88149)](https://open.spotify.com/show/0IiI7iftR3F3RqinfJbpRT)
  * [![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/01/google-podcasts.png?x88149)](https://podcasts.google.com/feed/aHR0cHM6Ly9hbmNob3IuZm0vcy80MWY2MzA3NC9wb2RjYXN0L3Jzcw==)
  * [![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/01/apple-podcasts.png?x88149)](https://podcasts.apple.com/us/podcast/metaco-talks-building-the-future-of-digital-assets/id1542371076?uo=4)

  * ![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/03/1-1.png?x88149)

Speaker

Marcus Gassmann is Senior Business Expert Capital Markets at Union Investment.
Marcus has a 25 years work experience in banking and asset management focusing
on analysis and development of investment and trading workflows for different
asset classes.

![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/03/ui-300x150-1.png?x88149)

Marcus Gassmann

Senior Business Expert Capital Markets at Union Investment

  * ![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/03/2-1.png?x88149)

Speaker

 _Benjamin Schaub is Chief Digital Officer at intas.tech and consults
financial institutions on digital assets and blockchain technology. Through
his previous position as a research assistant at the Frankfurt School
Blockchain Center, he has several years of experience in integrating
blockchain use cases in the financial industry. His focus areas include
building business models for crypto assets, tokenized securities, and fund
units._

![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/uploads/2023/03/intas-300x150-1.png?x88149)

Benjamin Schaub

Chief Digital Officer at intas.tech

  * ![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/02/seamus-donoghue-webinar.png?x88149)

Host

Seamus has extensive domain expertise in investment banking, wealth
management, commodities and crypto markets that spans market structure,
regulations and technology. He spent 20 years building and managing trading
operations across all the global financial centres with JP Morgan, Deutsche
Bank, Barclays and Bank of America Merrill Lynch.

![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/01/10.png?x88149)

Seamus Donoghue

Chief Growth Officer

## Full transcript

 _*Disclaimer: The accuracy of this transcript is not guaranteed. This is not
investment advice, and any opinions expressed here are the sole opinions of
the individuals, not of the institutions they represent._

[00:00:11] **Seamus:** Welcome to the 36th episode of Metaco Talks. Today is a
special episode as we’re hosting two guests, so changing our format. Marcus
Gassmann, Senior Business Expert for Capital Markets, [Union
Investment](https://www.union-investment.de/), one of the largest asset
management companies in Germany with more than 400 billion Euro assets under
management, and also many referred to as one of the most crypto friendly asset
management firms in the market, will be joining us. Marcus has 25 years worth
of work experience of banking asset management, focusing on analysis and
development of investment and trading workflows for different asset classes.

In addition, we have Benjamin Schaub, Chief Digital Officer at
[Intas.tech](https://intas.tech/), a highly specialized consultancy, which
supports financial institutions in the strategy, planning, implementation, and
integration of use cases around digital assets and blockchain. His focus areas
include building business models for crypto assets, tokenized securities, and
fund units.

Gentlemen, welcome to Metaco Talks. I think this is exciting to have a
different format, and another thing is traditionally we have a lot of
discussions with the sell-side, and it’s nice to get a perspective from the
buy-side for a change. I think this is particularly relevant given how, as you
said, being so crypto friendly, you have views and more advanced knowledge in
this space. I really want to dive into that.

Marcus, are you able to give us a quick introduction to Union Investment and
how your firm fits into the German landscape? You have deep ties across the
value chain there.

[00:01:42] **Marcus:** Yes, Seamus. I would love to do that and to give you an
overview about Union Investment and what we do. Union Investment was
established in 1956. We have about 4,300 employees. We have 5.8 million retail
and institutional clients, and with about 413 billion Euro assets under
management. We are one of Germany’s largest asset management companies with a
retail market share of about 23% at the moment.

Union is a full-service provider. That means we are covering all asset
classes. We are covering equities, fixed income products, commodities, multi-
asset solutions, real estate. We are part of the Cooperative Banking group in
Germany. It is our parent company, and we as Union Investment are the asset
management service provider for more than 770 Cooperative Banks in Germany, as
well as other institutional clients outside the Cooperative banking sector.

[00:02:57] **Seamus:** That’s a big presence in the market. The earlier
reference to being one of the most crypto friendly asset managers, it would be
great to understand why you got that moniker. Can you go dive into a bit of
what you’ve been up to in the crypto space so far?

[00:03:14] **Marcus:** Yeah, sure. You said we are one of the most crypto
friendly asset management firms. I would prefer to say we are more innovation
friendly and technology open than rather crypto friendly.

We always try to analyze new technologies, to explore the value in use for our
products and for our clients. We always do this exploration more with a
critical view than with blind enthusiasm, because we want to avoid to be part
of a hype. We don’t want to be a crypto or DLT hotline. We want to be more
let’s say an opportunistic researcher of this new technology and this new
asset class. From our understanding, it’s important and essential for survival
in our industry to understand new technologies and instruments. It’s important
that our clients have a competent counterpart to discuss upcoming questions
and to get advice on new asset classes and new technologies that impact their
business.

With that understanding we, we started in 2021 with the build-up of different
technological and asset class specific skills at Union Investment, and
together with DZ BANK and some other partners of the Cooperative Banking
group. We set up, for example, a company-wide project to identify the impact
of the new technology and the asset class to our existing investment process.
We organized some POCs to test and to prove our theoretical knowledge and our
theoretical assumptions. Our starting point in 2021 was that we bought a
Bitcoin exchange-traded node, so a very small starting point, with a small
exposure to get just a better understanding of the impact of cryptocurrencies
to a fund with traditional assets.

We also bought already some tokenized bonds to get a better understanding of
what tokenization means for our technological and trading infrastructure. Last
year we set up a blockchain infrastructure and designed a smart contract-based
OTC derivative instrument together with the DZ BANK, to learn more about the
efficiency of smart contract-based solutions.

I would say we are in a phase where we try to find out what makes sense
perspectively for our products and for our clients within the existing and
given regulatory framework. But back to your question, we see there are a few
interesting opportunities in the DLT ecosystem, but we want to be 100% sure
that we can create additional value rather than just to be part of a hype
community.

[00:06:29] **Seamus:** Are there particular use cases out of these learnings
that you’re more excited than others? Is there particular use cases you
expect, even though it may be at early stage, that might have more promise?

[00:06:40] **Marcus:** The use cases we made, they cover completely different
aspects. We had use cases on the technological side, we had use cases on the
asset side, and everyone of the use cases gave us additional knowledge.
Everything was interesting. Maybe somewhere we found out that there is more
efficiency effects than others. But I would not say that one of these use
cases was more interesting than another. I think it’s important to start with
little steps, and then it can become more and more complicated. I would say
the last use cases we created, maybe they are the most interesting ones
because they are the most complicated ones. But every step was very
interesting for us, and we had a very good learning curve from that.

[00:07:36] **Seamus:** No doubt learning is part of the journey here, because
there are new risks, new types of, new types of exposures, new processes that
need to be adapted. I don’t want to ignore you Benjamin, so why don’t we come
over to you? Can you tell us a bit about Intas and your relationship with
Union Investment. What we’d also like to dig into is what we should know about
the regulatory framework that’s basically behind some of this research and
foundational learnings that that Marcus has mentioned.

[00:08:04] **Benjamin:** Sure. As you outlined in the intro, we are a highly
specialized consultancy for digital assets and blockchain implementation. We
are currently supporting Union Investment in the, I would call it exploration
phase and the upcoming regulatory regimes, what potentials or opportunities
are there from the asset management perspective.

The regulatory framework you just mentioned, I think we have to look at
several aspects here. First, when we talk about the German regulation and we
talk about crypto assets as asset class, then it is very important to stress
that crypto assets have been included as financial instrument in the German
Banking Act. Also, crypto custody business is a financial service, which has
been added to the German Banking Act. This means we have a really strong
regulatory framework for crypto as asset class in Germany.

Also, looking a bit to the direction of asset managers, we have the Fund
Jurisdiction Act, which allows to add up to 20% of the net asset value of an
open-ended domestic special alternative investment fund with fixed terms into
crypto assets. In general, we have the basis to trade and do custody and so
on, but also to really get exposure into a very well established asset class
like the alternative investment funds I just mentioned.

Then apart from crypto as asset class in Germany, we have the Electronic
Securities Act, which allows to tokenize bearer instruments at the moment. It
is to be expected that this law will be extended this year, **so stocks will
also be possible to be tokenized going forward in Germany**. Then in
conjunction with the Electronic Securities Act, we have the Crypto Fund
Regulation, **which allows the tokenization of the investment fund as
such.****The****fund unit we are talking about is also now possible to
tokenize it. This is Germany.**

When we talk about Europe and at the European level, I think there are two
regulations worth mentioning. One is also referring to crypto assets, the
Markets and Crypto Assets Regulation. This should apply early in 2023. It
expected to start now in the upcoming weeks. Then after a transition phase of
18 months, it will come into force. However, what it will create is a
**harmonized and standardized framework for the whole European Union**. This
is very important because as just mentioned, we have the crypto custody
business, for example, in Germany. It wasn’t possible before to passport it in
other jurisdiction.

Now we will get this harmonized or level playing field in the European Union.
You can offer services throughout European Union. I think this is a very
strong signal for crypto as an asset class on the European level.

Also, talking about traditional financial instruments, we have the DLT pilot
regime, which will actually start next week. This again targets financial
instruments as we know them under MFIs, stocks, bonds, use funds, and so on.
There will be certain thresholds applying in terms of issuance volume, because
the DLT pilot regime is a sandbox. It’s basically something where you can try
out new things. What we think is extremely important and interesting here to
observe is that it also paves the way that some of the financial institutions
that we know might become obsolete, especially central securities
depositories. In this case, and what we also see here as a foundation for
blockchain or DLT going forward, that in the pilot regime for the first time
we have the possibility to combine operations that were usually performed by a
multi trading facility: so trading, and on the other hand side from central
securities depositories, settlement.

This means that in the pilot regime, we also see for this traditional
financial instrument, that DLT is the core infrastructure for the issuance,
trading and settlement. I think the bottom line then is that we see, okay, we
have strong regulation for crypto assets, Germany particular upcoming in the
European Union, but it must be clear that typical or traditional financial
instruments will become more and more tokenized and therefore blockchain will
be the key infrastructure emerging in the upcoming years.

[00:13:15] **Seamus:** The landscape you’re painting is one of very clearly
defined regulation. Clearly Germany has been at the forefront of defining that
clarity, and now EU is rounding out that regulation. It’s a very refreshing
view given what we hear out of North America, where the ambiguity and
potentially the resistance for the administration is slowing banks down from
publicly building.

I’d love to dive into one of the comments you made around, potentially some of
the market infrastructure being replaced. Things like the Electronic
Securities Act, how will that impact the CSDs? Will CSDs live in parallel, or
as you say, will these infrastructures be completely replaced? How is that
going to evolve?

[00:14:02] **Benjamin:** I think the more important part is, as you just
referred to, we have the now the regulatory framework to definitely replace
those intermediaries. This does not mean that they will go away. Of course,
they can also jump on the technology. They can do it regarding the regulation
in Germany, they could also offer as a CSD their services regarding the DLT
pilot regime. If they embrace the technology, they might even get stronger.

This is not that easy to say, but I think important, that it is now possible
that you could disrupt central security depository. You could also disrupt a
custodian bank, and from the asset manager perspective, get an investor to buy
an investment fund directly from the asset manager without a custodian bank.
This for me means that there are services currently being provided by CSDs,
custodian banks, and so on, these services don’t necessarily go away, but it
shifts the role model that we know from traditional finance. This means that
either established financial institutions can then offer such services, or new
market entrants could potentially do this. But it also allows if you change
the role models and the services that can attract new sources for revenue
going forward.

Diving a bit deeper into the asset manager perspective, what we can here see
is that once you leverage blockchain technology, then you can have some
**quick wins by tokenizing an investment fund****, for****example****.
T****here are processes like calculation of tax figures, commission
calculation, trailer fees** **calculation, and this is quite easy to automate
once you have a digital****and b****lockchain based process. This is why we
think the likelihood of implementation is increasing going
forward****,****because you can realize these quick wins****.** It targets
core businesses, it targets existing businesses. It is not something that you
have to build from scratch.

Also worth mentioning is the distribution angle. A lot of asset managers going
forward think about how will they be able to distribute their funds in the
future, how to attract the younger generations. Again, when you use blockchain
and tokenize the instrument as such, you have new possibilities. You can
potentially connect to digital trading venues, and so on.

Going back to your question, when we talk about the infrastructure and roles,
and then custodians, which are very important, I think we will see the
emergence of another core blockchain infrastructure. The first one is already
here. **It’s** **crypto custody or key management. Very important in
crypto****, we****know that, but this will get more and more important now
when we talk about traditional financial instruments**. Because once we
tokenize them, we have to take care of the private key management, how are
they being stored, and so on. **This is definitely something where custodians
will play a big role in the future****.**

Also we have been talking about the traditional financial instruments, the
issuance of the traditional financial instruments. This also means that we
have to keep a shareholder registry on a blockchain. The who owns what part is
from our opinion, the second core infrastructure, the key management part and
the shareholder registry on chain. This is then, as the question was something
which CSDs could provide, it’s in their nature. But also when we talk about
the German regulation, also on a side note the Luxembourg regulation, other
players can provide the services as well. **There’s definitely competition
coming up in this market in the future.**

[00:18:20] **Seamus:** Thanks, Benjamin. Potentially a pretty profound change
in the landscape, both from, as you say, new emergent players and change in
existing incumbents.

Marcus, it would be great to get your perspective from the asset management
side, how an asset manager will evolve given this regulatory framework and
this new digital asset classes. How’s this going to impact the investment
process?

[00:18:43] **Marcus:** I think that the basic role of an asset manager as a
fiduciary fund manager will not change significantly. But I think there are
two components that will change the way an asset manager will do the business
in future. From my perspective, there is a main driver, that’s the new DLT
based technology. The other driver is the development of new asset classes
like cryptocurrencies.

I think the technology part is the more disruptive one for our industry. The
technology part will change our existing infrastructure. **Blockchain
technology and DLT applications will impact our existing IT landscape
significantly. I think it’ll change our existing workflows. We see smart
contract-based processes that will increase the level of automation and
digitalization.** **It’s a booster****f****or****d****igitalizations, and
it’ll replace a lot of manual workflows in our industry.** As Benjamin just
mentioned, the automation of a lot of administration workflows and
administration tasks by using smart contract solutions, for example.

I think it’ll change our instrument portfolio. **We’ll
see****more****tokenization of already existing instruments. That will have a
significant impact on trading and settlement efficiency of these
instruments.** We will see real time settlement, atomic settlement, and things
like that. **It’ll change our legal framework.** Benjamin mentioned that as
well. Our legal understanding, certificate based securities will be replaced
by tokenized securities. That’s something completely new and something
completely different, if you have a look at legal frameworks and legal
documents, for example.

**I****t****will****change organizational setups.** **There will be new
regulatory roles**. Benjamin also explained that like in Germany, the crypto
web, that is something we don’t know at the moment. **At the moment we have a
very, very simple structure in the asset management industry****,****with
client asset management company and custodian. That will be more complex in
future.**

It will change how we interact with our clients, especially younger clients.
It will have a change of our client structure in the next few years. That
requires that we change the way we interact with especially these younger
clients. That’s the technology part.

On the asset side, we see the appearance of new asset classes like
cryptocurrencies. The first question for every asset manager is if he wants to
integrate this new asset class into his instrument portfolio. That’s a
strategic decision. The integration of an asset class, and that’s the
operational part, into an existing investment process, that’s not a daily
business. **A new asset class requires significant enhancements and
implementations of new skills, new tools, new techniques.**

I’ll give you an example. The first step of a standard investment process is
normally research. If we take research, the implementation of cryptocurrency
requires new external research providers, the design of internal analytic
tools and models, for example for on chain analytics, flow models,
correlation, sentiment, and so on. These models require different asset class
specific raw data. You have to think about the integration into your asset
allocation workflow. You should think about your ESG activities and the fit
into your ESG strategy. You see that’s a very comprehensive and complicated
task to integrate that.

It’s more than just the additional coverage of a new asset class. It’s more
the integration into an existing investment process to make sure that this new
asset class will fit into your individual strategic and operational setup.

[00:23:24] **Seamus:** If I contextualize things in the way you described it,
technology and asset classes, from the point of view of as the new asset class
is crypto, it’s still a relatively small asset class. You’re talking about a
trillion dollar market cap, what I observe what’s in native crypto assets
right now. Whereas capital markets and let’s say fiat currency, is somewhere
in the order of 700 to 800 trillion.

Is the opportunity here about new assets or is it really about the technology
addressing costs and efficiencies and potentially safety given your
intermediaries potentially as well?

[00:24:00] **Marcus:** You are right, that the cryptocurrencies is relatively
small if you compare it with other established asset classes. **But****other
asset****c****lasses started with a very small size as well, 20 to 30 years
ago.** **I think you have to take it seriously****.**

Some asset managers say it’s not an own asset class at the moment. I agree
with that. It’s not on the same level than equities of fixed income products,
it is completely different.

You need your own models, you need your own infrastructure and things like
that. I think the features that differentiate cryptocurrencies from existing
traditional asset classes, that is significant. That is one of the reasons why
we set at Union Investment, it has not the size of an asset class and it has
not the volume and the trading volume of an asset class, but it’s so
completely different that we just define it as a new asset class because we
have to implement a new investment process.

I think that is the leading factor for us, new investment process, new asset
class. I think it will evolve. The volume will increase. Maybe in 5, 8, 10
years, there will be no discussion about if this is a separate asset class or
something like that.

[00:25:33] **Seamus:** Indeed. Benjamin, you want to touch on this? What do
you view as the benefits for asset managers and custodians in this space?

[00:25:41] **Benjamin:** I think the question here is, as Marcus mentioned,
the regulatory framework basically says we have from an asset management
perspective two angles. One is the investment fund as such, and all the
related processes. On the other hand, we have the assets that will be bought
into a fund.

Both as such, interesting angles. But in the beginning, they are more angles
in terms of learning. What does this mean for me? Where do I buy my crypto
assets or other tokenized assets? What is the target operating model? In this
regulatory setup of an investment fund, you have your processes with
custodians, or in Germany depositories. You simply have to make sure that this
is going the right way. Regulatory is mandatory, right? This means you can
learn on your own from the asset management perspective, but you have your
counterparts, they have to learn with you so that you can handle it.

We observed very interesting results, or maybe sometimes subtleties that are
still important. For example if you want to buy Bitcoin and we forget about
the whole target operating model, where to buy and so on, then you have topics
regarding your aesthetic or master data. There is no issuer of a Bitcoin, this
is a data field which is empty. Then you have to look at your IT
infrastructure. Is it a mandatory field for other IT applications in the whole
architecture? If it is, you have to maybe create some rules and exceptions
that this data can flow through the system.

It is quite challenging, but, this is also the important part, given the
regulatory framework it’ll definitely come. You need to know your stuff. It’s
not necessarily only something I would say regarding crypto assets, because
when we then see tokenized security on maybe the Ethereum blockchain, you will
have other topics regarding the data. You might have a new data field which
says, “Hey, I’m a stock, I’m tokenized on Ethereum or on Polygon, or
wherever.” This is also something in particular where you don’t have to see
your existing IT infrastructure, are you handled to deal with it, and so on.

[00:28:22] **Seamus:** It’s interesting listening to both of you. We as a
company used to always push, particularly a couple years ago when everyone was
building around cryptocurrencies, building infrastructure for cryptocurrencies
and you get tokenization for free. Now what we’re basically saying is there’s
a lot of opportunity learning around tokenization efficiencies, different
reduced intermediation, et cetera. But longer term, there’s a huge opportunity
in the native cryptocurrency space, so that those learnings will apply to that
asset class and grow dramatically in the future. Very interesting turn of
events, but you do need that foundational infrastructure.

Marcus, what is the synergy between tokenizing the underlying assets and the
fund unit itself?

[00:29:03] **Marcus:** I think every single step on asset and on fund level
will imply a certain efficiency effect, like improved time to market,
reduction of cost and complexity.

I think we are talking about a long roadmap. At the end of the roadmap we will
have the synergy effect, the full synergy effect. What we do at the moment, we
pick up single parts of that roadmap and try to realize it. For example, the
tokenization of a fund. But every step from my perspective, is just a
milestone on the roadmap. **The final stage of expansion is the tokenized fund
with fully tokenized assets****: t****okenized securities****,****derivatives
and tokenized cash. That is something we will have maybe in
between****5****to****8****years** if CBDC currencies are allowed and can be
used in funds and things like that.

**W****ith this final development stage, we will have
then****r****eal****–****time fund transactions, atomic settlement of fund
assets, real-time****NAV****calculations, wallet settlement, and smart
contract based workflow automation.** **I think that together****, t****he
tokenized fund with the tokenized assets means the maximum leverage of
efficiency.****T****hat’s the synergy effect that we will hopefully have in a
few years.**

[00:30:48] **Seamus:** That is very good detail. If we zoom out, what are the
next stages for the evolution of this synergy? As you say, we started from
traditional assets and funds, we tokenized some assets. What next?

[00:31:00] **Marcus:** What’s next? I think the question is not what’s next.
The good thing in our situation is that **we can do a lot of things in
parallel.** **There is no dependency that we have to tokenize the fund first
and then to tokenize the assets. We can do it in parallel. We can have a
tokenized fund with traditional assets.**

We can have a tokenized fund where some of the assets are traditional and some
are tokenized. We can have a tokenized fund with fully tokenized assets, and
vice versa. We can have a traditional fund with traditional assets, with
tokenized assets, with a mixture of both. **I think that gives us a lot of
flexibility on the implementation roadmap that we can do a few things in
parallel.** But the most important thing is, what does the regulator allow us
to do? That is at the moment the part where we sometimes have to wait.

The CBDC currencies is a very good example for that. **If you have a look on
the****E****CB roadmap for, for CBDC currencies,****you****will see that the
ECB will allow CBDC currencies in 2027. Until 2027, we will not have a
tokenized fund with fully tokenized assets.** We have a legal framework, but
within this given legal framework we are very flexible and we can mix up
different of these milestones, and that gives us a lot of flexibility.

[00:32:52] **Seamus:** This flexibility and opportunity to innovate sounds
like it’s competitive advantage. How does the current competitiveness of
German and European markets compare when it comes to crypto opportunities for
established financial institutions when we compare it to other regions like
the US or APAC? Does Europe have an advantage here? Will it maintain that
advantage?

[00:33:13] **Marcus:** My personal opinion is that we have an excellent
regulatory basis in Europe and in Germany. Benjamin mentioned and gave us some
examples before. I think we are far ahead of the curve compared with other
countries. Even if our regulation is not perfect yet, we see on the one hand a
very white regulation, and on the other hand a significant degree of
regulation that covers completely different aspects of the capital markets
like trading, distribution, client protection, cybersecurity, and so on.

What I also see is a global trend to define regulatory standards. I think most
countries realize that regulatory clarity is an absolutely must have. We see,
for example, the G20 discussion to define a global regulatory framework to
create a global level playing field for that. We see a lot of decentralized
activities. We see activities in the United States; they announced to
strengthen the regulatory basis this year. UK wants to set up a comprehensive
regulatory framework in 2023. **But certainly Europe is from a regulatory
perspective at the moment a pioneer and the leader****, co****ncerning crypto
regulation****. T****hat regulation could be the basis for a global regulatory
standard.**

Back to your question, I see Europe at the moment from a competitive
perspective. I see Europe in a poll position with a significant competitive
edge at the moment. But I also see other countries gaining on us. I think the
factor of success will be that we can keep up our competitive edge with an
innovation friendly framework that allows this new technology and asset class
to evolve. From my perspective, I see the background for this in Europe very
positive.

[00:35:27] **Seamus:** I think you’ve touched on some very interesting things,
clarity on regulation and standards. We see that as driving innovation in the
space, enabling firms like Union Investment and the banking sector to move.
Clearly you guys are embracing this opportunity to innovate and move forward.

Benjamin, what other projects are you working on that you think we should be
aware of given the opportunity to discuss it here?

[00:35:48] **Benjamin:** I think there we have to touch base on the basic
infrastructure we mentioned before. Definitely custody, the key management
part that we mentioned before. Currently biggest German players are currently
setting it up, luckily for Metaco with some of your help. When we talk about
the DZ BANK, DekaBank, DWP Bank, those are major players in Germany. They are
all setting up custody infrastructure.

This means that from a market perspective, we expect them to be ready for
whatever asset class they want to custody for later this year, probably at the
beginning of next year.

Regarding the asset classes, just a comment that some of those players are
open to crypto from a political point of view right now. Others may be not.
This I would say it’s not too important at the moment, because as I said, it’s
a basic infrastructure. What we personally believe is that once the markets as
such change and go in a better direction as lately, then we will see a lot of
demand, especially in terms of crypto assets.

This is clear given now what’s happening in Germany. For the first time a huge
customer base will have access to this asset class, which was not able before
to buy and hold crypto assets. I think this is very important. We have other
players building up the infrastructure, I also mentioned before. The crypto
registry, service security registry service, this is a license now available
in Germany. I think this will also apply. We mentioned the DLT pilot regime;
this is the shareholder registry on DLT. Some of the players are doing this in
Germany as well. This is also interesting.

From our perspective, we are currently working on several projects where it’s
really about the tokenization of the traditional investment fund as such, the
fund unit as they are called. Here, we from a consulting perspective see a lot
of potential in terms of movement for real tokenization in the market, because
in the European Union we now have the biggest fund jurisdiction with Germany
and Luxembourg, which allow to put pretty much every fund type there is on a
DLT infrastructure. Therefore we believe that we will see here a lot of
movement, and particularly from the industry perspective we are working on a
project where we will see from our perspective the first tokenized investment
fund transaction in Q2 this year. Probably the first token investment fund
with a real transaction in the world. I’m not sure of that, but it could be.

As I mentioned before, I think we will see more implementations coming up here
because we have huge opportunities regarding cost reduction, because
especially in Germany, we have the CSD based market, we have a high cost
infrastructure. This now for the first time, sees any competition at all. We
expect movement there, definitely, and new services being provided, not in
five years but starting this year and probably in the next year.

[00:39:41] **Seamus:** I think that’s a great summary. You have the regulatory
clarity, you’ve got a great regulatory roadmap both in Germany and EU, and
firms are investing in foundational tech to take advantage of these cost
efficiencies, and as Marcus said, be in the right position to capitalize on
this emergent asset class.

Marcus, Benjamin, it was great having you with us. Thanks for your time today.
Thanks for sharing your very useful and detailed insights. It’s been
enlightening. Gentlemen, you have leaves rolled up, more work to do, but thank
you very much for sharing that with us today and look forward to speaking
again.

[00:40:16] **Benjamin:** Thanks, Seamus.

[00:40:19] **Seamus:** Thanks. To our guests, thanks for joining. We hope you
enjoyed this episode. Until next time, don’t forget, we’ll upload the
recording and script to today’s episode in
[www.metaco.com](http://www.metaco.com), as always. Till next time, thank you.

![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/footer.png?x88149)

## **Explore** previous episodes

  * ![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/01/mt-speaker_ep-44-square-640x640.png?x88149)

[Talks](https://www.metaco.com/category/talks/)

February 6, 2024

[David Riegelnig (Rulematch)Digital Asset Trading Tailored to the Needs of
Financial Institutions](https://www.metaco.com/talks/rulematch-institutional-
digital-asset-trading/ "Digital Asset Trading Tailored to the Needs of
Financial Institutions")

  * ![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/12/mt-speaker_ep-43-square_dark-blue-640x640.png?x88149)

[Talks](https://www.metaco.com/category/talks/)

January 11, 2024

[Rajeev Tummala (HSBC Securities Services)The institutional value-chain of
tokenized securities](https://www.metaco.com/talks/institutional-value-chain-
tokenized-securities-rajeev-tummala-hsbc/ "The institutional value-chain of
tokenized securities")

  * ![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/11/mt-speaker_ep-42_light-blue-square-640x640.png?x88149)

[Talks](https://www.metaco.com/category/talks/)

November 14, 2023

[Angela Itzikowitz (ENS Africa) and Ashveen Gopee (PWC Mauritius)The Digital
Asset Ecosystem in Mauritius and South
Africa](https://www.metaco.com/talks/da-ecosystem-mauritius-south-africa-
aitzikowitz-agoppee/ "The Digital Asset Ecosystem in Mauritius and South
Africa")

[![Metaco](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/logo-w.svg?x88149)](https://www.metaco.com)

  * [Solutions](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/)
    * [Global Custodians](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/global-custodians-top-tier-banks/)
    * [Universal Banks](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/universal-banks/)
    * [Neobanks & Fintechs](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/neobanks-fintechs/)
    * [Regulated Exchanges](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/regulated-exchanges/)
    * [Corporates](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/corporates/)
  * [Platform](https://www.metaco.com/platform/)
    * [Harmonize™](https://www.metaco.com/platform/harmonize/)
    * [Custody](https://www.metaco.com/platform/custody/)
    * [Trading](https://www.metaco.com/platform/trading/)
    * [Web3](https://www.metaco.com/platform/web3/)
    * [Governance](https://www.metaco.com/platform/governance/)
    * [Orchestration](https://www.metaco.com/platform/orchestration/)
    * [Tokenization](https://www.metaco.com/platform/tokenization/)
    * [Integration](https://www.metaco.com/platform/integration/)
    * [Security](https://www.metaco.com/platform/security/)
  * [Company](https://www.metaco.com/company/media-coverage-press-releases/)
    * [About](https://www.metaco.com/company/about/)
    * [Media & news](https://www.metaco.com/company/media-coverage-press-releases/)
    * [Jobs](https://www.metaco.com/jobs/)
  * [Resources](https://www.metaco.com/resources/)
    * [Talks](https://www.metaco.com/resources/talks/)
    * [Webinars](https://www.metaco.com/resources/webinars/)
    * [Case studies](https://www.metaco.com/resources/case-studies/)
    * [Reports](https://www.metaco.com/resources/reports/)
    * [Blog](https://www.metaco.com/resources/blog/)

![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/10/sco2.png?x88149)![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/10/iso27001.png?x88149)

  * [__](https://www.twitter.com/metaco_sa "Twitter: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")
  * [__](https://www.linkedin.com/company/metaco-ag/ "Linkedin: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")
  * [__](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC4MLOKnJD9bXfHVXMnHM7ow "Youtube: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")
  * [__](https://open.spotify.com/show/0IiI7iftR3F3RqinfJbpRT "Spotify: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")

© 2015-2024 - Metaco SA - All Rights Reserved |[ Terms & Conditions](https://www.metaco.com/terms-conditions/) | [Privacy Policy](https://www.metaco.com/privacy-policy/) | [Cookie policy](https://www.metaco.com/cookie-policy/)

