  * **Wallet**[**Mobile App** The world of Web3 in your pocket](/download)[**Browser Extension** An optimized Web3 experience for desktop](/browser-extension)
  * **Features**[**Swaps** Swap securely and seamlessly](/swap)[**Staking** Earn crypto rewards while securing networks](/staking)[**NFTs** Explore the world of NFTs](/nft)[**Security** Learn how we keep your assets & Web3 journey safe](/security)[**Buy Crypto** Buy crypto in under five minutes](/buy-crypto)[**SWIFT: Smart Contract Wallet** Explore Web3 easily with account abstraction features](/swift)
  * **Build**[**Developer Docs** Get guides for building powerful Web3 applications](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/)[**Wallet Core** Open-source, mobile-focused crypto wallet library](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/wallet-core)[**Submit dApp** Get your dApp in front of millions](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-dapps)[**Get assets listed** Elevate your asset’s exposure](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-assets)
  * **Support**[**FAQ** Get answers to your most pressing questions](https://community.trustwallet.com/c/helpcenter/8)[**Community Forum** Connect with our vibrant and diverse community](https://community.trustwallet.com/)[**Contact Us** Reach out for personalized support](https://support.trustwallet.com/en/support/home)
  * **About**[**About Us** Discover who we are and what drives us](/about-us)[**Careers** Join us in shaping the future of Web3](/careers)[**Press Kit** Download our official logo and other media assets](/press)[**Blog** Stay up-to-date on Web3 trends and insights](/blog)[**Terms of Service** What you need to know to use our services](/terms-of-service)[**Privacy Policy** Your privacy matters, learn how we protect it](/privacy-policy)

DarkLightLanguage

[Download Trust Wallet](/download)

[](/)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.4edbb099.svg)[**Mobile App** The world
of Web3 in your pocket](/download)[**Browser Extension** An optimized Web3
experience for desktop](/browser-extension)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.e7c57d68.svg)[**Swaps** Swap securely
and seamlessly](/swap)[**Staking** Earn crypto rewards while securing
networks](/staking)[**NFTs** Explore the world of NFTs](/nft)[**Security**
Learn how we keep your assets & Web3 journey safe](/security)[**Buy Crypto**
Buy crypto in under five minutes](/buy-crypto)[**SWIFT: Smart Contract
Wallet** Explore Web3 easily with account abstraction features](/swift)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.b373ab3f.svg)[**Developer Docs** Get
guides for building powerful Web3
applications](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/)[**Wallet Core**
Open-source, mobile-focused crypto wallet
library](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/wallet-core)[**Submit
dApp** Get your dApp in front of
millions](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-dapps)[**Get
assets listed** Elevate your asset’s
exposure](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-assets)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.1211abf0.svg)[**FAQ** Get answers to
your most pressing
questions](https://community.trustwallet.com/c/helpcenter/8)[**Community
Forum** Connect with our vibrant and diverse
community](https://community.trustwallet.com/)[**Contact Us** Reach out for
personalized support](https://support.trustwallet.com/en/support/home)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.9a6dd06f.svg)[**About Us** Discover who
we are and what drives us](/about-us)[**Careers** Join us in shaping the
future of Web3](/careers)[**Press Kit** Download our official logo and other
media assets](/press)[**Blog** Stay up-to-date on Web3 trends and
insights](/blog)[**Terms of Service** What you need to know to use our
services](/terms-of-service)[**Privacy Policy** Your privacy matters, learn
how we protect it](/privacy-policy)

[](/)

WalletFeaturesBuildSupportAbout

Language

[Download](/download)

[Home](/)  >  [Blog](/blog)  >  [Web3](/blog?category=Web3)  >  [What is Web3?
A Beginner's Guide to the Next Evolution of the Internet](/blog/what-is-web3)

##### Web3

# What is Web3? A Beginner's Guide to the Next Evolution of the Internet

Published on: Apr 23, 2024

##### Share post

[](https://facebook.com/trustwalletapp)[](https://github.com/trustwallet)[](https://instagram.com/trustwallet)[](https://twitter.com/trustwallet)[](https://discord.gg/trustwallet)[](https://reddit.com/r/trustapp)[](https://t.me/trustwallet)

  * **The Evolution of the Internet**
  * **Understanding Web3 (The Decentralized Web)**
  * **The Building Blocks of Web3**
  * **Real-World Applications of Web3**
  * **Challenges and Criticisms of Web3**
  * **The Future of Web3**

##### In Brief

Explore Web3: the new Internet era of decentralization, privacy, and user
control with blockchain technology.

![What is Web3? A Beginner's Guide to the Next Evolution of the
Internet](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fwhat_is_web3_8f1d4376b7.png&w=3840&q=75)

Web3 is a disruptive shift from the first read-only version of the Internet,
Web1, and the current read-write iteration, Web2.

[Web3](https://trustwallet.com/blog/introduction-to-web3-the-future-of-the-
internet) provides a disruptive read-write-own ecosystem for Internet users
built on blockchain-based technologies, such as cryptocurrencies and NFTs, and
peer-to-peer networks away from centralized servers and authorities. In this
article, we’ll explore the origins of Web3, how it differs from Web1 and Web2,
and how to explore Web3 safely using Trust Wallet.

### Before You Get Started

Before you explore Web3 in more detail, it’s important to remember that you
can [explore Web3](https://trustwallet.com/blog/introduction-to-web3-the-
future-of-the-internet) safely using a crypto wallet like Trust Wallet.

You can [download Trust
Wallet](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.wallet.crypto.trustapp)
as a mobile app, or you can [install the Trust Wallet
Extension](https://trustwallet.com/browser-extension) for your desktop
browser.

![what-is-web3-1.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fwhat_is_web3_1_a98ba4c96c.png&w=3840&q=75)

[![Download-Trust-Wallet-Button.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2FDownload_Trust_Wallet_Button_3b2b015a21.png&w=3840&q=75)](https://short.trustwallet.com/TW-
blog)

## The Evolution of the Internet

Before exploring the third generation of the Internet, we need to understand
the preceding generations, Web1 (the Static Web) and Web2 (the Social Web),
and their features.

### Web1 (The Static Web)

Web1 is the first generation of the World Wide Web that lasted roughly between
1990 to 2004. The World Wide Web was developed in 1989 by computer scientist
Tim Berners-Lee using open protocols that allowed global information sharing.

**Web1 featured static ‘read-only’ pages of information on websites with fixed
content accessible through browsers. It was a one-way communication in which
the website owners primarily showcased information for consumption without
user interaction or participation beyond clicking links.**

Most websites were owned by companies with few individual content creators,
limiting content diversity and monopolizing content creation to a small group.
Web1 was a content delivery network that worked as an information repository
where users consumed information passively.

### Web2 (The Social Web)

**Web2 marked a significant shift in the Internet infrastructure, focusing on
reading content to emphasize user participation and contribution. The second
generation of the Internet, also referred to as the Read-Write Web, is more
interactive and engaging than Web1.**

Web2 social network platforms like Facebook and MySpace skyrocketed in
popularity, expanding Internet social participation and allowing more users to
create content. The platforms encouraged user-generated content (UGC),
improving connectivity and interactions among peers and content creators
worldwide.

Websites have more interactive and engaging features, allowing you to comment,
like, and report on the site. The Social Web also features diverse forms of
content, including podcasts, blogs, videos, and social media.

Web2 also ushered in a new era of e-commerce through the rise of online
shopping platforms and digital marketplaces like Amazon, eBay, and Uber. Its
commerce platforms make shopping more accessible and convenient and are a
user-friendly way to set up shop and interact with buyers. You can browse,
purchase, and sell products or services on Web2 platforms, which offer
advanced features like payment processing and customer services.

![what-is-web3-2.jpg](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fwhat_is_web3_2_0fd166bca3.jpg&w=3840&q=75)

### Transition to Web3

Despite Web2’s increasing popularity over the years, the Social Web had its
fair share of limitations, the most prominent one being centralization.

These challenges have led to the need for a new Internet model.

**Web2 platforms are governed by centralized service providers who control and
have access to user activity and personal data stored on their platforms.**

A handful of tech conglomerates control a disproportionate amount of the
Internet and monetize user data by selling it to advertisers and data brokers.

Another limitation is the rise of the advertising-driven revenue model, where
content creators don't benefit or own the content they create while platform
owners earn revenue. The misuse of user data and lack of control or ownership
of creator content led to the development of the next era of the internet,
[Web3](https://trustwallet.com/).

## Understanding Web3 (The Decentralized Web)

**Web3 is the next Internet era that solves the limitations of trust and data
ownership faced in Web2. It’s an ecosystem built on blockchain technology and
focuses on decentralization, transparency, and giving power back to the
user.**

Unlike previous versions of the Internet, where a few centralized authorities
monopolize ownership, Web3 distributes ownership among users without a central
entity. It uses blockchain technology to give users control and ownership over
personal data and its use.

[Web3](https://trustwallet.com/blog/introduction-to-web3-the-future-of-the-
internet) aims to shift power away from companies with Internet monopolies to
individual users and reduce data exploitation.

The underlying decentralized networks allow peer-to-peer interactivity and are
permissionless, which promotes inclusivity. Blockchain technology also offers
users immutability and cryptographic security, reducing data breaches and
information leaks.

### Core Technologies of Web3

**Blockchain, smart contracts, and decentralized applications (dApps) are the
underlying technologies that power Web3.**

[Blockchain](https://trustwallet.com/blog/what-is-blockchain-a-beginners-
guide) is Web3’s foundational technology. It is a publicly distributed ledger
of transactions and activities that can support decentralized applications and
smart contracts.

Decentralized applications are open-source service applications that work on
peer-to-peer networks and have diverse functions, including financial services
and supply chain management. [dApps](https://trustwallet.com/blog/how-to-use-
dapps-with-trust-wallet-a-beginners-guide) are built on blockchains using
smart contract codes.

Smart contracts are self-executing programs that complete an action once
preset conditions are met, such as terms for sale between two parties. dApps
use smart contracts to execute functions between users, eliminating the need
for a third party.

### Benefits of Web3

Here are some of the benefits of Web3:

  * **Decentralization:** Distributed ledgers for peer-to-peer interactions eliminate the need for a central authority and promote interoperability in a permissionless ecosystem.

  * **Enhanced privacy:** The ecosystem’s transparent and trustless blockchain technology uses encryption to secure data, ensure user privacy, and eliminate third parties.

  * **User control over data:** It's a trustless network where you are in charge of your data and its monetization.

  * **Financial inclusion:** Web3 could potentially sidestep financial barriers in traditional models, allowing anyone to quickly obtain funds, invest, and participate in the democratized economy.

## The Building Blocks of Web3

Now, let’s look at the building blocks of Web3 and how they contribute to the
running of the ecosystem.

### Blockchain Technology

[Blockchain technology](https://trustwallet.com/blog/what-is-blockchain-a-
beginners-guide) is the backbone of the Web3 ecosystem. It's a decentralized
ledger technology distributed across a network of computers (nodes). Data is
grouped in blocks added to the network and cryptographically linked to other
blocks to create an immutable chain.

Blockchains use consensus mechanisms for nodes to agree on the validity of
data added to the network. Therefore, blocks can only be added with a majority
agreement from the nodes. Every node stores an updated copy of the blockchain,
meaning no one can tamper with data in the network after it’s recorded.

### Cryptocurrencies and Tokens

Web3 uses cryptocurrencies and [tokens](https://trustwallet.com/blog/what-are-
tokenized-real-world-assets-in-web3) for peer-to-peer transactions to sidestep
traditional financial systems.

Digital assets like cryptocurrencies and native tokens allow users to use
various decentralized financial (DeFi) services in the Web3 ecosystem. Native
tokens are also used for governance in Decentralized Autonomous Organizations
(DAOs), where holders can vote on decision-making in the organization.

### Non-Fungible Tokens (NFTs)

**[NFTs](https://trustwallet.com/nft) are unique digital assets that exist on
a blockchain and present a unique and non-interchangeable way to represent
asset ownership.**

NFTs can represent various digital and real-world items, making them an
excellent choice for monetizing your art, for example. Web3 allows you
complete control over your digital creations, you can use NFTs to generate
revenue through royalties from secondary transactions and primary sales.
Because they can't be altered, non-fungible tokens help maintain the
authenticity of artists' creations.

### Decentralized Finance

**Decentralized Finance (DeFi) consists of Internet-native financial products
and services built on blockchains, including lending, borrowing, and
trading.**

[Web3](https://trustwallet.com/) DeFi creates a trustless economy outside the
control of central authorities like banks. DeFi is an inclusionary financial
ecosystem that empowers you to gain control over your finances and have access
to financial services with low entry barrier levels.

## Real-World Applications of Web3

![what-is-web3-3.jpg](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fwhat_is_web3_3_a265174c36.jpg&w=3840&q=75)

Web3 is a disruptive force in several industries. Next, we’ll look at real-
world applications of this ecosystem.

### Decentralized Social Networks

These social media platforms utilize blockchain technology and aren't
controlled by a single entity. The platforms use independent servers that
aren't under a central authority, ensuring that the platforms give users more
control over their data and identities.

Decentralized social networks are censorship-resistant and have increased
anonymity and privacy since you can create an account without linking real-
life identities. Decentralized social networks foster trust and transparency.
The platforms can also utilize tokens and NFTs to monetize content and reward
users.

### Marketplaces and E-Commerce

**Web3 marketplaces use blockchain technology and peer-to-peer protocols to
connect buyers and sellers without intermediaries securely. These e-commerce
sites use smart contracts to automate transactions and set payment terms
between buyer and seller.**

Blockchain technology enables Web3 marketplaces to be interoperable and
seamlessly connect with dApps. You get autonomy over your assets, data, and
transactions, eliminating data misuse in centralized marketplaces.

### Gaming

**Web3 integrates blockchain technology into gaming to enhance player
experience by giving them complete ownership of gaming assets and self-
sovereignty. It provides actual ownership of gaming assets so players don't
lose their collectibles when they change gaming platforms.**

It also ensures interoperability between various platforms, allowing players
to move and trade their assets seamlessly across platforms.

Web3 can also provide provably fair gameplay through blockchain transparency,
immutability, and smart contracts that eliminate the possibility of game
manipulation. The ecosystem also fosters player-driven economies where players
can earn through play-to-earn in-game features to win items and collectibles.

### Identity and Privacy

Web3 prioritizes your data security and privacy. Its underlying technology
uses encryption to secure data and decentralized storage solutions that
fragment data across the network to reduce the chances of information leaks.
The ecosystem applies strong security practices and self-sovereign identity
models to give you control over your identity and enhance privacy.

## Challenges and Criticisms of Web3

Despite all the benefits the new Internet era promises, Web3 still has some
limitations, which we look at below.

  * **Scalability:** Web3’s underlying technology, blockchain, has limited throughput, meaning it can only process a limited number of users before compromising speed and functionality.

  * **Regulation:** Web3 ecosystems are decentralized without a central authority to create regulatory frameworks and procedures. The lack of a framework exposes users to legal and regulatory risks that are challenging to address. The Securities and Exchange Commission’s [(SEC) involvement in crypto](https://trustwallet.com/blog/understanding-the-sec-role-in-crypto-a-beginners-guide) has highlighted this point more in recent years.

  * **Accessibility:** Web3 has a high technical barrier of entry with complex technology that can be intimidating to mainstream users. Web3 projects also exist in their technological islands with limited interaction with other networks.

## The Future of Web3

Web3 offers exciting possibilities for various sectors, including finance,
entertainment, and governance. Decentralized finance will continue
revolutionizing the financial sector with a growing ecosystem of autonomous
protocols offering lending, borrowing, and trading services.

The entertainment industry can gain a new way to compensate artists and
provide them with direct asset ownership through
[NFTs](https://trustwallet.com/nft). It's also not a far stretch to expect
governing bodies to implement decentralized governance for decision-making,
voting, and fostering trust in their communities.

However, these projects don't just happen; they are driven by collaboration
from communities worldwide. Community participation is a fundamental pillar in
the ongoing development of Web3 technologies.

User engagement is the backbone of dApps and DeFi and can rapidly drive the
growth and sustainability of Web3 projects. Projects like NFTs grew
exponentially thanks to a dedicated community that advocated their use and
drove their popularity in mainstream media. Communities drive development in
Web3 and showcase the power of collective effort in the industry.

### Conclusion

Web3 improves on the previous versions of the internet by introducing
decentralization, increased privacy, and giving users complete control over
their assets and data. It is poised to reshape how we handle asset management
and monetize our data and creations.

Web3 could revolutionize many industries, and you can begin your journey by
[downloading Trust
Wallet](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.wallet.crypto.trustapp),
a secure and user-friendly Web3 hub.

Trust Wallet is a non-custodial multi-chain wallet that gives you access to
thousands of Web3 dApps. It lets you securely send, [buy
crypto](https://trustwallet.com/buy-crypto), and store your cryptocurrencies
and NFTs.

[![Download-Trust-Wallet-Button.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2FDownload_Trust_Wallet_Button_3b2b015a21.png&w=3840&q=75)](https://short.trustwallet.com/TW-
blog)

Join the Trust Wallet community on [Telegram](https://rebrand.ly/TW-Telegram-
Announcements) Follow us on [X (formerly Twitter)](https://rebrand.ly/TW-
Twitter-Blog) [Instagram](https://rebrand.ly/TW-Insta-Blog)
[Facebook](https://rebrand.ly/TW-FB-Blog) [Reddit](https://rebrand.ly/TW-
Reddit-Blog) [Warpcast](https://warpcast.com/trustwalletapp)

> **Note:** Any cited numbers, figures, or illustrations are reported at the
> time of writing, and are subject to change.

#### Simple and convenient to use, seamless to explore

[Download Trust Wallet](/download)

##### Stay Connected:

[](https://facebook.com/trustwalletapp)[](https://github.com/trustwallet)[](https://instagram.com/trustwallet)[](https://twitter.com/trustwallet)[](https://discord.gg/trustwallet)[](https://reddit.com/r/trustapp)[](https://t.me/trustwallet)

  * **Wallet**[Mobile App](/download)[Browser Extension](/browser-extension)
  * **Features**[Buy Crypto](/buy-crypto)[Swaps](/swap)[Staking](/staking)[NFTs](/nft)[Security](/security)[SWIFT: Smart Contract Wallet](/swift)
  * **Build**[Developer Docs](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/)[Wallet Core](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/wallet-core)[Submit dApp](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-dapps)[Get assets listed](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-assets)
  * **Support**[FAQ](https://community.trustwallet.com/c/helpcenter/8)[Community Forum](https://community.trustwallet.com/)[Contact Us](https://support.trustwallet.com/en/support/home)
  * **About**[About Us](/about-us)[Careers](/careers)[Press Kit](/press)[Terms of Service](/terms-of-service)[Privacy Policy](/privacy-policy)[Blog](/blog)
  * ![A-LIGN ISO 27701](/_next/static/media/image.8354ab2c.svg)![A-LIGN ISO 27001](/_next/static/media/image.7f0b3bc9.svg)

**Download Trust Wallet**

The most trusted & secure crypto wallet.

[Download for iOS](https://apps.apple.com/app/apple-
store/id1288339409?mt=8)[Download
Extension![Chrome](/_next/static/media/raw.7dd85797.svg)](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/trust-
wallet/egjidjbpglichdcondbcbdnbeeppgdph)[Download APK](/download/apk)[Download
for Android![App
Store](/_next/image?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Fimage.5ee64b2e.png&w=256&q=75)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.wallet.crypto.trustapp)

