  * **Wallet**[**Mobile App** The world of Web3 in your pocket](/download)[**Browser Extension** An optimized Web3 experience for desktop](/browser-extension)
  * **Features**[**Swaps** Swap securely and seamlessly](/swap)[**Staking** Earn crypto rewards while securing networks](/staking)[**NFTs** Explore the world of NFTs](/nft)[**Security** Learn how we keep your assets & Web3 journey safe](/security)[**Buy Crypto** Buy crypto in under five minutes](/buy-crypto)[**SWIFT: Smart Contract Wallet** Explore Web3 easily with account abstraction features](/swift)
  * **Build**[**Developer Docs** Get guides for building powerful Web3 applications](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/)[**Wallet Core** Open-source, mobile-focused crypto wallet library](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/wallet-core)[**Submit dApp** Get your dApp in front of millions](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-dapps)[**Get assets listed** Elevate your asset’s exposure](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-assets)
  * **Support**[**FAQ** Get answers to your most pressing questions](https://community.trustwallet.com/c/helpcenter/8)[**Community Forum** Connect with our vibrant and diverse community](https://community.trustwallet.com/)[**Contact Us** Reach out for personalized support](https://support.trustwallet.com/en/support/home)
  * **About**[**About Us** Discover who we are and what drives us](/about-us)[**Careers** Join us in shaping the future of Web3](/careers)[**Press Kit** Download our official logo and other media assets](/press)[**Blog** Stay up-to-date on Web3 trends and insights](/blog)[**Terms of Service** What you need to know to use our services](/terms-of-service)[**Privacy Policy** Your privacy matters, learn how we protect it](/privacy-policy)

DarkLightLanguage

[Download Trust Wallet](/download)

[](/)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.4edbb099.svg)[**Mobile App** The world
of Web3 in your pocket](/download)[**Browser Extension** An optimized Web3
experience for desktop](/browser-extension)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.e7c57d68.svg)[**Swaps** Swap securely
and seamlessly](/swap)[**Staking** Earn crypto rewards while securing
networks](/staking)[**NFTs** Explore the world of NFTs](/nft)[**Security**
Learn how we keep your assets & Web3 journey safe](/security)[**Buy Crypto**
Buy crypto in under five minutes](/buy-crypto)[**SWIFT: Smart Contract
Wallet** Explore Web3 easily with account abstraction features](/swift)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.b373ab3f.svg)[**Developer Docs** Get
guides for building powerful Web3
applications](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/)[**Wallet Core**
Open-source, mobile-focused crypto wallet
library](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/wallet-core)[**Submit
dApp** Get your dApp in front of
millions](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-dapps)[**Get
assets listed** Elevate your asset’s
exposure](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-assets)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.1211abf0.svg)[**FAQ** Get answers to
your most pressing
questions](https://community.trustwallet.com/c/helpcenter/8)[**Community
Forum** Connect with our vibrant and diverse
community](https://community.trustwallet.com/)[**Contact Us** Reach out for
personalized support](https://support.trustwallet.com/en/support/home)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.9a6dd06f.svg)[**About Us** Discover who
we are and what drives us](/about-us)[**Careers** Join us in shaping the
future of Web3](/careers)[**Press Kit** Download our official logo and other
media assets](/press)[**Blog** Stay up-to-date on Web3 trends and
insights](/blog)[**Terms of Service** What you need to know to use our
services](/terms-of-service)[**Privacy Policy** Your privacy matters, learn
how we protect it](/privacy-policy)

[](/)

WalletFeaturesBuildSupportAbout

Language

[Download](/download)

[Home](/)  >  [Blog](/blog)  >  [MEME Coins](/blog?category=MEME Coins)  >  [A
Beginner's Guide to BRETT: A Meme Coin on Base](/blog/beginners-guide-to-
brett-memecoin-on-base)

##### MEME Coins

# A Beginner's Guide to BRETT: A Meme Coin on Base

Published on: Apr 25, 2024

##### Share post

[](https://facebook.com/trustwalletapp)[](https://github.com/trustwallet)[](https://instagram.com/trustwallet)[](https://twitter.com/trustwallet)[](https://discord.gg/trustwallet)[](https://reddit.com/r/trustapp)[](https://t.me/trustwallet)

  * **What is BRETT?**
  * **How Does BRETT Work?**
  * **BRETT Meme Coin Utility**
  * **BRETT Tokenomics**
  * **How to Swap ETH (Base) for BRETT Using Trust Wallet**

##### In Brief

Explore our beginner’s guide to the BRETT token, a meme coin on the Base
network.

![A Beginner's Guide to BRETT: A Meme Coin on
Base](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fbrett_memecoin_b85ad6ecee.png&w=3840&q=75)

[Base meme coins](https://trustwallet.com/blog/base-meme-coins) have gained
popularity over the past several months and among these, the BRETT meme coin
on the Base network has captured the attention of many—offering a unique blend
of humor, community, and growth potential. Join us as we explore BRETT on the
[Base network](https://trustwallet.com/blog/a-beginners-guide-to-the-base-
network), shedding light on how this meme coin became popular.

### Before You Get Started

Before you explore [BRETT on Base](https://trustwallet.com/brett-wallet) in
more detail, it’s important to remember that you can manage BRETT using Trust
Wallet.

You can download Trust Wallet as a mobile app, or you can install the Trust
Wallet Extension for your desktop browser.

![brett-memecoin-1.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fbrett_memecoin_1_d2d07c4c1e.png&w=3840&q=75)

[![Download-Trust-Wallet-Button.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2FDownload_Trust_Wallet_Button_3b2b015a21.png&w=3840&q=75)](https://short.trustwallet.com/TW-
SEOblog)

## What is BRETT?

[BRETT](https://trustwallet.com/brett-wallet) is a meme coin on the Base
network, and its mascot is a character in Matt Furie's Boys' Club comic. BRETT
launched in February 2024 and is currently the largest [Base
network](https://trustwallet.com/blog/trust-wallet-integrates-base-a-low-cost-
open-source-layer-2-blockchain) meme coin by market cap. BRETT is dubbed as
“PEPE’S best friend on BASE,” one of crypto's most significant cultural icons
and the mascot of Base blockchain.

It's worth mentioning that the BRETT token, though inspired by the well-known
meme "Brett," is entirely separate from Matt Furie and his work. It's simply a
playful tribute to the meme.

## How Does BRETT Work?

The [BRETT](https://trustwallet.com/buy-crypto) meme coin’s valuation hinges
on community engagement and hype rather than a predetermined strategy.

A notable aspect distinguishing BRETT is its renounced contract and absence of
a minting function. This signifies that the token's trajectory is wholly
community-directed. The BRETT [meme coin](https://trustwallet.com/buy-crypto)
creator is unable to generate additional tokens or manipulate the contract.
Instead, BRETT relies heavily on its vibrant and dedicated community to fuel
its development.

While BRETT doesn’t have a roadmap in place, the meme coin has done well to
achieve significant growth. One of the benefits of being built on Base is that
the network is expanding quickly. BRETT could potentially capitalize on the
growing opportunities that the network presents.

![brett-memecoin-2.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fbrett_memecoin_2_df47e00bf1.png&w=3840&q=75)

## BRETT Meme Coin Utility

BRETT currently lacks specific token utility, its cultural significance as a
mascot of the Base chain makes it a prominent symbol within the Base network.
According to BRETT’s official website, it boasts the following utility:

### Strong Partnerships

BRETT has established strategic alliances with leading entities in the
cryptocurrency industry, bolstering the project's long-term sustainability and
expansion.

### Growing Ecosystem

The Base Chain's ecosystem is rapidly diversifying, witnessing a proliferation
of projects and applications. This burgeoning environment sets a robust
groundwork for BRETT's prosperity, enabling it to harness the capabilities and
knowledge of other ventures in the field. As the Base Chain flourishes, so
does BRETT's potential to thrive and broaden its offerings.

### Strong Community Support

Both the Base Chain and BRETT enjoy substantial endorsement from the
cryptocurrency community. Numerous influential figures express optimism about
the project's prospects. This robust community support lays a sturdy
foundation for the project's advancement and triumph, ensuring a dedicated
user base committed to championing and advancing both the memecoin and
blockchain technology.

## BRETT Tokenomics

Understanding the tokenomics of a cryptocurrency is crucial for gauging its
potential value. Here's a breakdown of BRETT's tokenomics:

  * **Total supply:** BRETT boasts a fixed total supply of 10 billion tokens. This fixed amount limits the creation of new tokens, potentially influencing scarcity and future value.

  * **Fair launch:** BRETT embraces a fair launch model. This means there was no presale, ensuring everyone had an equal opportunity to acquire tokens at launch.

  * **No taxes:** Unlike some meme coins that levy transaction taxes, BRETT currently doesn't have any taxes on buying or selling the token. This can incentivize trading activity but might also impact long-term value.

#### Distribution

  * **Liquidity Provider (Locked):** 85%

  * **Treasury:** 10%

  * **Centralized exchange wallet:** 5%

**Remember:** Tokenomics can evolve over time. It's important to stay updated
on any official announcements from the BRETT team regarding potential changes
to the tokenomics structure.

## How to Swap ETH (Base) for BRETT Using Trust Wallet

You will need to have ETH on the Base network in your wallet. You can deposit
ETH (Base) from another wallet or from a centralized exchange. Here’s how:

  * Select “Receive” from the home screen.

  * Choose the Base network from the list of networks on the top left of your screen.

  * Search for “ETH (Base),” and select it.

From here you have two options. You can either:

  1. Copy your deposit address and use that on your exchange account or other ETH (Base) wallet to send funds to.

  2. Use the “Deposit from exchange” option to deposit crypto seamlessly from your exchange account.

Once you have ETH (Base) in your wallet, here’s what you need to do:

  * Open the Trust Wallet app on your mobile phone.

  * Click “Swap” on the bottom left side of your screen.

  * Change the “From” network to Base and choose ETH (Base) as your token

  * Change the “To” network to Base and choose BRETT (Base) as your token.

  * Enter the amount of ETH you would like to swap.

  * Click “Continue.”

![brett-memecoin-3.gif](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fbrett_memecoin_3_0b619cd243.gif&w=3840&q=75)

Remember that in addition to BRETT, Trust Wallet lets you manage and interact
with 10M+ crypto assets across 100+ blockchains. Download the latest version
of Trust Wallet today.

[![Download-Trust-Wallet-Button.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2FDownload_Trust_Wallet_Button_3b2b015a21.png&w=3840&q=75)](https://short.trustwallet.com/TW-
SEOblog)

Join the Trust Wallet community on [Telegram](https://rebrand.ly/TW-Telegram-
Announcements) Follow us on [X (formerly Twitter)](https://rebrand.ly/TW-
Twitter-Blog) [Instagram](https://rebrand.ly/TW-Insta-Blog)
[Facebook](https://rebrand.ly/TW-FB-Blog) [Reddit](https://rebrand.ly/TW-
Reddit-Blog) [Warpcast](https://warpcast.com/trustwalletapp)

> **Note:** Any cited numbers, figures, or illustrations are reported at the
> time of writing, and are subject to change.

#### Simple and convenient to use, seamless to explore

[Download Trust Wallet](/download)

##### Stay Connected:

[](https://facebook.com/trustwalletapp)[](https://github.com/trustwallet)[](https://instagram.com/trustwallet)[](https://twitter.com/trustwallet)[](https://discord.gg/trustwallet)[](https://reddit.com/r/trustapp)[](https://t.me/trustwallet)

  * **Wallet**[Mobile App](/download)[Browser Extension](/browser-extension)
  * **Features**[Buy Crypto](/buy-crypto)[Swaps](/swap)[Staking](/staking)[NFTs](/nft)[Security](/security)[SWIFT: Smart Contract Wallet](/swift)
  * **Build**[Developer Docs](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/)[Wallet Core](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/wallet-core)[Submit dApp](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-dapps)[Get assets listed](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-assets)
  * **Support**[FAQ](https://community.trustwallet.com/c/helpcenter/8)[Community Forum](https://community.trustwallet.com/)[Contact Us](https://support.trustwallet.com/en/support/home)
  * **About**[About Us](/about-us)[Careers](/careers)[Press Kit](/press)[Terms of Service](/terms-of-service)[Privacy Policy](/privacy-policy)[Blog](/blog)
  * ![A-LIGN ISO 27701](/_next/static/media/image.8354ab2c.svg)![A-LIGN ISO 27001](/_next/static/media/image.7f0b3bc9.svg)

**Download Trust Wallet**

The most trusted & secure crypto wallet.

[Download for iOS](https://apps.apple.com/app/apple-
store/id1288339409?mt=8)[Download
Extension![Chrome](/_next/static/media/raw.7dd85797.svg)](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/trust-
wallet/egjidjbpglichdcondbcbdnbeeppgdph)[Download APK](/download/apk)[Download
for Android![App
Store](/_next/image?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Fimage.5ee64b2e.png&w=256&q=75)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.wallet.crypto.trustapp)

