[![wormhole
logo](https://images.ctfassets.net/n8aw1cra6v98/2057wAXk6apiGi4vfTeC2u/9e200f5dfebaf6bb113c879243cf4508/wormwhole.svg?w=384&q=100)](/)

Products

Ecosystem

Developers

Platform

Community

[Start Building](https://docs.wormhole.com/)

news

### Wormhole (W) Tokenomics

Feb 07, 2024

·

6 min read

![https://images.ctfassets.net/n8aw1cra6v98/4qTA1ZgyJo3YRchfmlQ9Gp/8d5958d99837e9660c0f15dd9a84d31d/w-header.png](https://images.ctfassets.net/n8aw1cra6v98/4qTA1ZgyJo3YRchfmlQ9Gp/8d5958d99837e9660c0f15dd9a84d31d/w-header.png?w=1080&q=75)

Web3 aims to foster an internet that is transparent, trustless, open, and
secure. This vision relies on ecosystems being securely and seamlessly
connected. To achieve this, the Web3 ecosystem needed a foundational messaging
protocol that is secure, decentralized, trust-minimized, and open source. Over
three years ago, Wormhole launched the first-ever generalized messaging
protocol to first connect Ethereum and Solana. The protocol has since evolved
into a fully fledged interoperability platform that connects Web3 and helps
applications rapidly scale.

**Today, Wormhole is the leading interoperability platform powering multichain
applications and bridges at scale — the Web of Web3.** The suite of open
source protocols is used by developers of over 200 applications and hundreds
of thousands of users to move various types of data across over 30
blockchains. In total, the platform has handled over 1 billion multichain
messages for applications and teams like Uniswap, Circle, Lido, Synthetix,
Pyth, and more. In 2023, the Uniswap Foundation’s Bridge Assessment Committee
conducted a third-party multi-month
[report](https://uniswap.notion.site/Bridge-Assessment-
Report-0c8477afadce425abac9c0bd175ca382?ref=wormhole.ghost.io) that resulted
in Wormhole being named the only unconditionally approved cross-chain protocol
for use by the Uniswap DAO, based primarily on security and decentralization
practices.

The Wormhole platform is being developed by a decentralized set of teams
contributing to security, engineering, research, product development,
ecosystem growth, and community. These teams include [Wormhole
Foundation](https://wormhole.foundation/), [Wormhole
Labs](https://wormholelabs.xyz/), and [xLabs](https://www.xlabs.xyz/), as well
as other contributors like [Wormhole
China](https://wormhole.foundation/blog/wormholechina-receives-core-community-
builder-grant-from-wormhole-foundation), [Superteam](https://superteam.fun/),
[Lurk](https://wormhole.foundation/blog/wormhole-foundation-awards-
contributor-grant-to-lurk-lab-to-bring-trustless-transfers-to-wormhole-with-
zk-proofs) (ZK engineering),
[Zpoken](https://wormhole.foundation/blog/wormhole-foundation-awards-
contributor-grant-to-zpoken-to-advance-trustless-zk-transfers-for-near-and-
ethereum) (ZK engineering), among others.

The Wormhole protocol is now further decentralizing. This post explores the
tokenomics of Wormhole’s native token, W. It includes the Token Release
Schedule, allocation to strategic stakeholders within the Wormhole network and
ecosystem, as well as a description of its current and future utility. The
token generation event (TGE), broad distribution, and usage of W is a crucial
step in advancing Wormhole towards a decentralized and permissionless future.

If you’re new to Wormhole, you can learn more about the platform at the
following links:

  * [Wormhole Homepage](https://wormhole.com)
  * [Wormhole ecosystem — 200+ apps](https://wormhole.com/ecosystem/multichain-apps)
  * [Wormhole Stats](https://wormholescan.io/)
  * Platform:
    * [Wormhole Messaging](https://wormhole.com/products/messaging/)
    * [Wormhole ZK](https://wormhole.com/blog/announcing-wormholes-zk-roadmap)
    * [Wormhole Queries](https://wormhole.com/products/queries/)
    * [Wormhole Gateway](https://wormhole.com/platform/gateway/)
    * [Wormhole NTT](https://wormhole.com//products/native-token-transfers/)
    * [Wormhole Connect](https://wormhole.com/products/connect)
    * [Wormhole Guardians](https://wormhole.com/platform/security)
  * [Developer Documentation](https://docs.wormhole.com/wormhole)
  * [Wormhole Github](https://github.com/wormhole-foundation/)
  * [Wormhole Social Links](https://linktr.ee/wormhole)

### Token Distribution & Release Schedule

  * Ticker: W
  * Maximum Supply: 10,000,000,000
  * Initial circulating supply: 1,800,000,000
  * Token Format: Native ERC20 and SPL (using Wormhole’s Native Token Transfer standard)
  * Lock Up: 82% of W are initially locked and such tokens will unlock over the course of four years per the Token Release Schedule below.

#### W will be distributed across these six categories:

![*All token allocation percentages above are rounded to the nearest tenth of
a
percent.](//images.ctfassets.net/n8aw1cra6v98/3RIULnP9OzPGzp1naipPNZ/d66ffb5de15f46af89990269a8f8238f/---Wormhole-
Tokens--3-.png?w=1080&q=75)

#### Token Allocation

![↳ Wormhole Tokens
\(2\)](//images.ctfassets.net/n8aw1cra6v98/1syaOS8xUo3NhBdD4y5Nxd/4c27b2b494a606706183caf147fcb369/___Wormhole_Tokens__2_.png?w=1080&q=75)

#### Token Release Schedule

![unlock-
sched](//images.ctfassets.net/n8aw1cra6v98/1EvKnyMU4uxtcxHETsQOi7/fe33053616bf307b0b2241baa24536ca/unlock-
sched.png?w=1080&q=75)

##### Strategic Stakeholders

There are six strategic stakeholders in the Wormhole ecosystem.

##### Guardian Nodes

**5.1% - 510,000,000 W**

Wormhole’s Guardian Network has been allocated 5.1% of the token supply.
Guardian nodes provide the primary verification mechanism for any message
passing through Wormhole. The Guardians operate full nodes for every
blockchain connected to Wormhole and are critical to the overall security of
the network. The Guardians have a strong reputation in the industry as a
leading cross-chain security mechanism, with recognition from Uniswap’s Bridge
Assessment leading to Wormhole being the only unconditionally approved
interoperability protocol for Uniswap’s multichain governance.

None of the Guardian’s allocated token supply will be unlocked at the TGE and
those W are subject to the Token Release Schedule.

##### Community & Launch

**17% - 1,700,000,000 W**

The Community has been allocated 17% of the token supply. Wormhole wouldn’t be
possible without a thriving community of supporters. 11% of this allocation
will be unlocked at TGE and will be distributed during the initial phases of
the TGE, including the TGE-related airdrop (and related activities). The
snapshot for this airdrop has been taken before the publishing of this blog.

11% or 1,100,000,000 W will be unlocked at TGE with the remaining 6% unlocked
four months after TGE, in accordance with the Token Release Schedule above.

##### Core Contributors

**12% - 1,200,000,000 W**

The core contributors to Wormhole have been allocated 12% of the supply. This
portion of the token supply was reserved for the decentralized set of core
contributing organizations who have tirelessly focused on the security,
engineering, product, infrastructure, growth, and operations of the Wormhole
platform.

None of their W will be unlocked at TGE and such W will unlock in accordance
with the Token Release Schedule.

##### Ecosystem & Incubation

**31% - 3,100,000,000 W**

The Ecosystem and Incubation category represents a portion of W previously
allocated to strategic contributors to the broad Wormhole ecosystem, including
community organizations, developer community growth initiatives, strategic
contributors, and more.

5% or 500,000,000 W will be unlocked at TGE with the remaining 26.1%
thereafter. The remaining locked W are subject to the Token Release Schedule.

##### Strategic Network Participants

**11.6% - 1,160,000,000 W**

11.6% of the supply has been reserved to allow strategic network participants
to take a vested interest in the long-term success and stability of the
network through private sales. These participants include strategic angels,
builders, and technical partners, as well as long-duration funds with deep
crypto expertise in network governance and scaling.

Similar to the core contributors, none of the strategic participants’ tokens
will be unlocked at TGE and are subject to the Token Release Schedule.

##### Foundation Treasury

**23.3% - 2,330,000,000 W**

This portion of the token supply is dedicated to Wormhole Foundation’s
reserves. This allocation aims to drive priority initiatives such as future
interoperability research, providing grant funding to ecosystem teams through
the Wormhole Foundation’s xGrant program, supporting the developer community,
funding operational expenses, and other relevant programs. The Wormhole
Foundation’s mandate is to effectively and strategically deploy these
resources into the continued development of the network, gradually moving some
foundation resources on-chain, and over time, work to transition authority
over the network completely to the DAO.

2% of the Foundation’s Treasury will be unlocked at TGE, while the remaining
21.3% locked W will unlock linearly according to the Token Release Schedule.
[Learn more about the Wormhole Foundation.](http://wormhole.foundation)

### Governance and the Wormhole DAO

Fundamentally, a token-based governance system allows token holders to guide
and impact the protocol's direction. Over time, Wormhole plans to
progressively decentralize the protocol's governance to W holders. After the
token generation and distribution events, on-chain governance will largely
guide community programs and treasury-related activities. The exploration of
what is possible in a multichain world has just begun. The goal of this
governance launch is to empower and enable the Wormhole community to address
these critical areas with the necessary resources and support.

However, over time, it is expected that the DAO will take more responsibility
for many decisions and actions, including:

  * Adding and removing blockchain connections to Wormhole
  * Upgrading smart contracts across Wormhole
  * Adjusting fees across various products of Wormhole
  * Expanding or adding new parties to the Guardian set
  * Adjusting rate limits (a security feature)
  * Token utility and design

A detailed progressive decentralization roadmap will be developed with input
from Wormhole Core Contributors and the community. This collaborative effort
will ensure that the path toward decentralization is transparent, inclusive,
and aligned with the community's insights and needs.

* * *

**THIS IS NOT AN OFFER TO SELL OR THE SOLICITATION OF AN OFFER TO PURCHASE ANY
W, AND IS NOT AN OFFERING, ADVERTISEMENT, SOLICITATION, CONFIRMATION,
STATEMENT OR ANY FINANCIAL PROMOTION THAT CAN BE CONSTRUED AS AN INVITATION OR
INDUCEMENT TO ENGAGE IN ANY INVESTMENT ACTIVITY OR SIMILAR. YOU SHOULD NOT
RELY ON THE CONTENT HEREIN FOR ADVICE OF ANY KIND, INCLUDING LEGAL,
INVESTMENT, FINANCIAL, TAX OR OTHER PROFESSIONAL ADVICE, AND SUCH CONTENT IS
NOT A SUBSTITUTE FOR ADVICE FROM A QUALIFIED PROFESSIONAL. THIS DOCUMENT
CONTAINS HYPOTHETICAL, FORWARD-LOOKING AND/OR PROJECTED FIGURES WHICH ARE NOT
GUARANTEED AND ARE SUBJECT TO CHANGE; ACTUAL NUMBERS MAY VARY. WORMHOLE MAKES
NO REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, AS TO THE COMPLETENESS,
RELIABILITY, VALIDITY, OR ACCURACY OF THIS INFORMATION. THE CONTENT HEREIN IS
NOT ERROR-FREE AND MAY CONTAIN INCORRECT INFORMATION. YOU AGREE AND
ACKNOWLEDGE THAT ANY INFORMATION CONTAINED HEREIN IS SUBJECT TO CHANGE WITHOUT
NOTICE. NO ADVICE OR INFORMATION, WHETHER ORAL OR WRITTEN, OBTAINED FROM
WORMHOLE FOUNDATION, WILL BE CONSTRUED TO CREATE ANY WARRANTY OR
REPRESENTATION NOT EXPRESSLY MADE HEREIN. FOR ADDITIONAL INFORMATION, PLEASE
REFER TO OUR[TERMS OF SERVICE](https://wormhole.com/pages/terms-of-use).**

![Image](https://images.ctfassets.net/n8aw1cra6v98/2fP8M06oPDd6atrcKaUHOQ/0fcc04374046f970de7dfb7fe86574e5/worm.svg)

#### Future-proof, permissionless tooling to empower multichain builders

[Start Building](https://docs.wormhole.com/)

Subscribe for updates

Subscribe

[![x or twitter](/assets/x.svg)](https://twitter.com/wormhole)[![x or
twitter](/assets/discord.svg)](https://discord.gg/wormholecrypto)[![x or
twitter](/assets/telegram.svg)](https://t.me/wormholecrypto)[![x or
twitter](/assets/github.svg)](https://github.com/wormhole-
foundation/wormhole)[![x or
twitter](/assets/some.svg)](https://docs.wormhole.com/)[![x or
twitter](/assets/youtube.svg)](https://www.youtube.com/@wormholecrypto)

Products

[connect](/products/connect)[SDK](/products/sdk)[native token
transfers](/products/native-token-
transfers)[Queries](/products/queries)[Messaging](/products/messaging)

Ecosystem

[Multichain apps](/ecosystem/multichain-apps)[W
Token](/ecosystem/w-token)[Ecosystem Programs](/ecosystem/ecosystem-
programs)[Case Studies](/case-studies)

Developers

[Documentation](https://docs.wormhole.com/wormhole)[Github](https://github.com/wormhole-
foundation)[Bug Bounties](https://immunefi.com/bug-
bounty/wormhole/)[Wormholescan](https://wormholescan.io/)

Platform

[Blockchains](/platform/blockchains)[Security](/platform/security)[Gateway](/platform/gateway)

Community

[Hub](/community/hub)[Blog](/blog)[Brand and Press](/brand-and-press)

2024 Ⓒ Wormhole. All Rights Reserved.

[Terms of use](/pages/terms-of-use)[Privacy Policy](/pages/data-protection-
and-privacy-policy)

