Metaco.com will be sunset as of June 7, 2024

[Learn more](https://ripple.com/solutions/digital-asset-custody/ "Learn more")

Skip to main content

[![Metaco](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/logo.svg?x88149)![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/logo-w.svg?x88149)](https://www.metaco.com)

  * Solutions __

__Solutions

Solutions

    * [__Global Custodians Build tomorrow's market infrastructure ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/global-custodians-top-tier-banks/)
    * [__Universal Banks Satisfy demand for new asset classes ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/universal-banks/)
    * [__Neobanks & FintechsFind new routes to monetization ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/neobanks-fintechs/)
    * [__Regulated Exchanges Grow volumes and profit margins ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/regulated-exchanges/)
    * [__Corporates Boost customer loyalty and engagement ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/corporates/)

  * Platform __

__Platform

Platform

Deploy ambitious digital asset use cases with the most secure and versatile
infrastructure.

    * [__Harmonize™ Platform Overview Issue, store, trade, transfer, settle and service any type of digital asset. ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/harmonize/)
    * [__Custody Hot, warm and institutional cold storage ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/custody/)
    * [__Trading Powerful order execution, funding and settlement ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/trading/)
    * [__Web3 Web3 Portal spanning NFTs, DeFi and DApps ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/web3/)
    * [__Governance Entirely customizable risk and compliance controls ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/governance/)
    * [__Orchestration A single source of truth for managing all digital assets ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/orchestration/)
    * [__Tokenization Asset-agnostic smart contract management framework ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/tokenization/)
    * [__Integration Fully integrable platform following enterprise standards ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/integration/)
    * [__Security Highest protection against insider and external threats ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/security/)

  * Company __

__Company

Company

    * [__About](https://www.metaco.com/company/about/)
    * [__Media & news](https://www.metaco.com/company/media-coverage-press-releases/)
    * [__Careers](https://www.metaco.com/careers/)

  * Resources __

__Resources

Resources

    * [__Talks](https://www.metaco.com/resources/talks/)
    * [__Webinars](https://www.metaco.com/resources/webinars/)
    * [__Case studies](https://www.metaco.com/resources/case-studies/)
    * [__Reports](https://www.metaco.com/resources/reports/)
    * [__Blog](https://www.metaco.com/resources/blog/)

[Contact](https://www.metaco.com/contact/ "Contact")

[Talks](https://www.metaco.com/category/talks/)

METACO TALKS EP. 21

# Blockchain, the Institutional Innovation Barometer

  *  __ September 3, 2021
  *  __29 min

Share

  * [ __](https://www.linkedin.com/sharing/share-offsite/?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.metaco.com%2Ftalks%2Fblockchain-the-institutional-innovation-barometer-w-laurent-marochini-sgss%2F)
  * [__](https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Metaco+https%3A%2F%2Fwww.metaco.com%2Ftalks%2Fblockchain-the-institutional-innovation-barometer-w-laurent-marochini-sgss%2F+via+%40metaco_sa)

Our guest for this  [METACO TALKS](https://www.metaco.com/resources/podcasts/)
episode is [Laurent Marochini](https://www.linkedin.com/in/laurent-
marochini-60890117/), Head of Innovation at [Société Générale Securities
Services (SGSS)](https://www.securities-
services.societegenerale.com/en/)**[,](https://www.securities-
services.societegenerale.com/en/)** based in Luxembourg. Since 2018, Laurent
is Blockchain Leader for the Group and founder of the Innovation Lab
#LePlateauLUX

Laurent is highly involved in the Fintech ecosystem. He is Co-Chairman of the
[ALFI (Association Luxembourgeoise des fonds
investissements)](https://www.alfi.lu/) Working Group Blockchain & Crypto
Currencies and Member of the Fintech & Digital Executive Committee, President
of the taskforce Blockchain and Crypto at the [LHoFT (Luxembourg House of
Financial Technology)](https://lhoft.com/en/), as well as Vice Chairman at
[ABBL (Association Banques et Banquiers Luxembourgeois)](https://www.abbl.lu/)
for the Fintech and Innovation Committee.

Prior to joining SGSS, Laurent has held various management positions in the
banking sector in particular in BNP Paribas Securities Services and Credit
Suisse Private Banking.

Laurent is a also a highly recognized industry thought leader:

  * **Top 4 Fintech Leader of the Year**  for the Luxembourg by Finance Awards (2017)
  * **Top 21 Regtech worldwide Leader**  by Medici (2018)
  * Twice awarded **2nd Worldwide Best Innovation Maker**  of Société Générale (2015-2016).

In this episode, we discussed, among others:

[00:02:03] Ecosystems as barometers for innovation;

[00:10:43] Blockchain: the innovator’s dilemma;

[00:14:59] Société Générale’s successes in institutional digital asset
management so far;

[00:24:29] Tokenization, stablecoins and how should large organizations grasp
with these innovations.

_Disclaimer: This is not investment advice._

### Full transcript

[00:00:14] **Adrien:**  Welcome to the 22nd episode of Metaco Talks, our
series of live conversations with the people making and shaping the future of
institutional digital asset management. I am very proud of the people that
came to the show so far and of the caliber of the organizations that we
presented.

For the story, one of our listeners told us that if you are a tier one
institution and you have not yet been to Metaco Talks, then you’re probably
not doing much in the digital asset space. I don’t know if this is true, but
we certainly hope that many of the other companies and banks working in the
field will give us the pleasure of coming and sharing their experience.

This week, I am pleased to host someone who has spent a large part of his
career in the field of financial technologies and banking. He’s one of the
rare people to have experienced digital assets and functional technology by
himself; not just through his employer and the bank he works at, but also
personally. He is now at the forefront of innovation regarding blockchain,
cryptocurrencies, tokenization, and the related use cases. I would like to
welcome Laurent Marochini, Head of Innovation at Societe Generale Securities
Services, and Blockchain Leader for Societe Generale Group.

Laurent is involved at the broader FinTech and crypto ecosystem, particularly
in Luxembourg, where he’s based and where he owns various roles at The
Association of Luxembourg Fund Industry, at Luxembourg House of Financial
Technology, and Luxembourg Banker Association.

Laurent, welcome to the show.



[00:01:45] **Laurent:**  Thank you very much. Good morning Adrien, and good
morning to all of you.



[00:01:51] **Adrien:**  Good morning. I would propose we start immediately. I
would like to start with a very broad question regarding the geography where
we stand. Where do you feel that the cryptocurrency market, the ecosystem of
blockchain technology, is evolving the fastest? Is it in Europe, or is it in
US as it has often been with innovation? Or is it potentially in Asia or
somewhere?



[00:02:12] **Laurent:**  Very good question. I’m very happy to be in a tier
one bank, Adrien, as you mentioned in your introduction. Thank you very much
Metaco for having me today in the webinar. I’m very pleased to be here today
with you.

I would say that the continents, the countries, and also the cities, are
moving very fast, but at different speeds depending on the different segments.
If you are talking about blockchain, as it were, if you’re talking about
cryptocurrencies, NFT, and tokenization.

At Societe Generale Security Services, we conducted a survey at the beginning
of the year. We have our top asset manager. We’ve got a full ecosystem, so we
have a lot of discussion with our partner ecosystem as well. The key takeaways
we have for the different continents is the following: in US, definitely, yes,
it is going very fast from an asset management perspective and also from a
cryptocurrency perspective. We have seen companies like Tesla, like
MicroStrategy, having exposure in Bitcoin. We have seen edge funds that are
moving very fast now four or five years, doing a lot of things in
cryptocurrencies. Now we see traditional asset managers like BlackRock, JP
Morgan, Fidelity, that are doing things in cryptocurrency. US accounts for 50%
of the funding in blockchain. This is definitely a statement. The US is moving
very fast, but especially in the funding in asset management and
cryptocurrency. Tokenization is a topic, but it’s not a priority, and it’s not
where we see that they are moving very fast.

In Europe, they are quite shy in terms of cryptocurrency. They are waiting for
the regulation, according to their statements. We are waiting for MiCA in
Europe. The asset managers are also waiting for the launch of a stable coin,
because we still need to have a stable coin; the CBDC especially, in the
financial institution. I would say that we are quite shy in Europe. By the
way, the financial institutions in Europe are moving quite fast in term of
tokenization and use cases in blockchain. For or example, is the trade
finance, if you are looking to the different initiatives in trade finance you
will see a lot of a European players. I would say cryptocurrency is not the
priority, but for the blockchain use cases and tokenization it’s going faster.

In Asia, it’s a mix. They are moving in cryptocurrency. Of course not in
China, because they banned the Bitcoin. Even if they have done a lot of
things, we’ve got things like mining until now. But in China, they are moving
fast with digital yuan. In the different countries, they’re doing a lot of
experimentation with CBDC. If you remember the different studies, 80% of
central banks are moving in CBDC, but it’s definitely a key topic in Asia. I
would say it’s a mix.

US are moving fast in a cryptocurrency, in Europe it’s blockchain use cases
and tokenization, and in Asia it’s a mix of different types.



[00:05:53] **Adrien:**  It makes a lot of sense. It’s also consistent with
what we observe as a company on the market. But if we zoom in Europe, more
specifically, you said that cryptocurrencies may not be aware it’s moving the
fastest. Is it true for every country? Can you give us a bit more perspective
about the differences, if we compare France, Switzerland, Germany, the UK? Are
there countries which are effectively moving faster or very engaged into this
field, or is it it’s kind of a general slow pace everywhere?



[00:06:23] **Laurent:**  No a slow pace everywhere. For Europe, it depends on
your definition of Europe. Who is in Europe? Give me the opportunity to do a
focus on the four or five countries that I believe are moving quite fast in
Europe. The first one, and the historic one in the world of crypto, and I’m
sure that you will be happy to have it, is Switzerland for me. In Switzerland,
it’s a very dynamic ecosystem; very crypto-friendly ecosystem, and the crypto
valley of Zug, now a long time ago, it was going for Ethereum. Different
interesting initiatives in Switzerland. Just to remember that the market
capitalization of Ethereum as of today is 450 billion USD. I believe it’s more
than the first bank in the world. The valuation of Ethereum is bigger than the
first bank in the world. It’s quite amazing.

The crypto adoption in Switzerland is 11%. I believe that 11% of the people in
Switzerland are holding cryptocurrency. This is the highest rate in Europe.
The regulation in Switzerland is very open.

Also, what is very important for us in the ecosystem is the initiative. I was
speaking about Ethereum as a technology, but we have already some successful
companies in Switzerland. Of course we have Metaco, but we have also SDX and
different others in Switzerland. Congratulations to you, Metaco, and
congratulations to all my colleagues in in Switzerland.

What we have observed in Europe is that France is a very interesting country.
We have seen with the Plan d’Action pour la Croissance et la Transformation
des Entreprises (PACTE – Action Plan for Business Growth and Transformation)
law that things are moving quite fast with the different status. So we have
the status PSAN (Prestateur Service Active Numerique) in France for the French
people. We have seen a lot of initiatives in France, especially just the last
one with Banque de France, experimentation with Banque de France. We had some
Swiss colleagues in Banque de France, and of course Societe Generale was
involved in this experimentation. With eight experimentations, we are leading
the pace in France.

Germany at the beginning, I would say they were not really at the forefront of
the blockchain innovation. But now, one or two years later, it’s quite
interesting that they are moving quite fast. Firstly, because you have Berlin,
and in Berlin you have a lot of developers – a lot of blockchain developers
and funding in Berlin. But with the recent law, you have the possibility to
hold up to 20% in their key pool for the special fund. I don’t speak German
well, but you will understand me. There is no choice to move forward in
Germany, because now the law says that you can hold up to 20%.

Last but not least, a country which is central in Europe and where I am very
proud to work, is Luxembourg. I’m very happy to be part in Luxembourg. We have
an interesting ecosystem in Luxembourg, a very small country. We have the
first center in Europe; we should keep that in mind. We have regulators, we
have the proximity with the government that allow us to do things, that allow
us to move forward. We were the first to take a position in Bitcoin in 2014.
This is a very interesting country. We have to move forward, but we should
still keep the pace because the race is still not finished.



[00:10:43] **Adrien:**  It is absolutely true. Before we jump more
specifically about Societe Generale and how your bank has grown over the last
years in the field, I just have a last question here. Still about more general
things that you observed. You are very much involved, not just in the bank,
but also in various associations in Luxembourg on the innovation side. What
did you see that we, let’s say within this bubble, are not able to see? You
see both worlds at the same time: the banking side and the innovation, a lot
of startups, I assume. What did you see as possible trends, as activities and
things which are not obvious today?



[00:11:23] **Laurent:**  Indeed, part of the different associations in
Luxembourg, as I said, we have moved forward a lot since the beginning around
2013/14 with the first position with the Bitcoin and the regulator. We have
built a very interesting ecosystem, and we have also some success story in
this field with HQLX, with Funds DLT for the fund, with Tokeny, we have two
regulated crypto exchanges.

We have the ecosystem, we have a blockchain, everything is okay. There was a
kind of distrust from the banking industry, but now it’s going better because
in Luxembourg we definitely need to move forward. We have a new hive, reserve
alternative investment funds that have been notarized to invest in in crypto.
I would say that the sky is getting better in Luxembourg.

We also have the conviction in Luxembourg and in the different ecosystems,
that we have no choice in the future but to work in collaboration with these
ecosystems. As I said, it is more than 50 startups and initiatives in
Luxembourg. In a digital age, I strongly believe that we can’t build
everything alone, and we have to find a way to collaborate with the ecosystems
of the different startups. Building something alone in the digital age, for
me, makes no sense, because we need to have the time to market, we need to
have the efficiency, and we need to be there tomorrow. We need to work with
the people who have the specific skills.

For me, digital custody is one of the greatest example of collaborations that
banks needs to have. I saw some studies regarding that. For digital custody,
if you want to build something alone, you will need to have the specific
skills, you will need to invest. You have companies that have already done
that, so partnering with such companies is a good way to move forward.



[00:13:49] **Adrien:**  This could have been your conclusion in 15 minutes! I
think it’s a great statement.

It is very difficult. I’m not pointing fingers at Societe Generale, because
you have been extremely successful in building and innovating, but we’ve also
seen many companies on the markets that tried to do everything by themselves,
invested a lot of money, and failed to some degree or at least were much
slower than they anticipated. It feels obvious that in particular insertions,
you want to be close to the innovators, which may not have the structure, the
governance, and the financial means to be, let’s say, as safe as a large
company like you are, but that have the agility and also the expertise to
build things which then can be scaled to completely new environments.

Now, I think it’s a good transition into speaking more specifically about what
you’re doing at Societe Generale. I’m not asking you to break any NDA, but
there is already quite a few public information and public statements about
Societe Generale on the various projects you have engaged into. Would you say
that’s Societe Generale is active in the field, or is it all marketing and PR?



[00:14:59] **Laurent:**  No marketing PR, of course. Active, yes. Leaders, I
would not say that we are the leaders. But we are very active of course in
this field, and have been active since 2014 with the first experimentation. We
were one of the first 10 investors in the three initiatives in 2014. We have
done more than 40 experimentations since the beginning, so now we are not
talking anymore about experimentation but talking about the business model and
real achievement and real impact for our clients and for the future.

We have been part of different initiatives, around five teams. The first one
is a trade finance, where we believe that blockchain will make sense. For
example, I can quote, because we are part of the eTrade Initiative. We are
part of CoNGO, which is located next to your office in Geneva. We are doing
some experimentation in the digital identity, to secure our digital identity,
to transfer the digital identity in a secure way, and also taking a special
attention to GDPR. Digital identity is definitely a key topic, and we have
launched an internal startup two years ago in this field. For cross-border
payments, we have done a lot of things around this topic, with Banque de
France, with Lugh, and with JP Morgan’s initiative of JP Morgan, to improve
the infrastructure first and afterwards to work also with the different models
of a stable coin. It is a type of digital currency, because the payment is
definitely a very key topic. We were talking about this topic when we launched
the Bitcoin 11 years ago. But now we need to work on a more stable coin for
the payment.

The most exciting an interesting sector is definitely the post-trade. We have
a huge amount of initiative for the funds. We have worked with businesses, and
doing experimentations with France DLT. We have also worked in the US with
Paxos. We are live with Paxos in the US for the post-trade US equities. We
have launched an internal platform, Societe Generale France.

Yes, we have done a lot of things – I would say more than 20 initiatives in
the world of the post-trade.

The last one is the insurance, because thanks to the smart contract, we can
also automatize and see new business models. It is very interesting. Yes, we
have done a lot. We are very active in the different fields. We have made a
lot of internal training, and we work a lot with the executive committee of
the Societe Generale to work on the strategy and to prioritize some
investments. We have an investment fund of 150 million at Societe Generale, to
help us also to invest, because we can have an idea but if we don’t execute
our idea then it makes no sense. We have the investment fund with us to move
forward.



[00:18:31] **Adrien:**  You mentioned in particular tokenization and stable
coins. I think those are two key words currently that are almost buzzwords in
the field. But again, I don’t believe you use them just as buzzwords.

Tokenization, you have this very well-known Societe Generale initiative that
is working on some implementation of tokenization use cases. What can you say
that is on the public domain or not, about the initiative; where it’s going
and how relevant it is to the Societe Generale group.



[00:19:04] **Laurent:**  Societe Generale launched in 2018 an entrepreneurship
program. So if you have any idea, please submit your idea – any ideas that
will have an impact in the future and that will change the way we do business.

We have launched more than 16 internal startups in 2018. They have six months
to come with the MVP and the client, because we need to have a client, of
course. Societe Generale FORGE was one of the internal startups in 2018. They
have made a lot of interesting things. Not experimentation, because it was
always live. Now there is a spinoff of Societe Generale FORGE. But is always
100% capital of Societe Generale of course. In terms of achievement, they have
done a lot of things in addition to increase awareness of blockchain and
tokenization of the capital markets in Societe Generale.

The first issuance of a hundred million in a public blockchain was at the
beginning, after they had done a new one of 40 million. But we’ve also talked
about digital currency of Banque de France, issuing also 40 million in a
certificated product. They have helped to contribute to the launch of a stable
coin, the recent one with EIB and also Goldman Sachs.

Yes, in the context of Banque de France experimentation, a lot of things is
going to happen. But yes, I am under an NDA. The focus will be done in bonds
and certificated products at the beginning, and helping the capital markets to
issue a token and have a strong impact in the future, but always in the public
blockchain.



[00:21:04] **Adrien:**  This is very interesting. In particular, the last
comment about public blockchain, we have, as you can imagine, as an
infrastructure provider Metaco is facing very frequent companies that only
want to mention private or permission ledgers. This is absolutely fine, but it
also sometimes feels a bit like there is an irrational fear of public
blockchains, or, we don’t want to touch it even just for trying. It’s
interesting that you have favored by default public ledgers.

You also mentioned CBDC. central bank-issued digital currencies, multiple
times. I understand that you have an initiative with this. Is such an
initiative relevant in the context where there are already plenty of private
stable coins? You could say USDC issued by Circle and Coinbase backing it,
even algorithmic stable coins in decentralized finance. Do you see a future
where stable coins are private; companies like Societe, Generale potential
issuing its own token, or where stable coins become real money in the sense
that it’s directly issued by the central authorities such as the ECB, the Fed,
or the SMB?



[00:22:17] **Laurent:**  What is important is to keep in mind, as you said,
you have a different form of stable coin. It can be for the wholesale, which
is where we are today. You can also have for the retail. After that you have
different forms, and what is very important is also the network of the issuer.
It can be a cooperate, it can be nobody (as Bitcoin), or it can be a central
bank. This is very important to have in mind all the different elements.

In Societe Generale, we have contributed to the launch of a stable coin in
France, the stable coin Lugh. Also in the public blockchain with Tezos, if my
memory is working well. We have helped them to launch this stablecoin, and we
have a banking partner. We asked the banking partner to safe-keep the
equivalent in cash for the stable coin.

This is a very interesting topic in terms of experimentation. We strongly
believe and are supportive of all the initiatives related to the central bank
digital currency in the field of the wholesale activity. We still work closely
with Banque de France, and are supportive of the initiatives of the European
Central Bank. We have a working group in Societe Generale that are looking to
the different possibilities, but it’s still in an exploration mode.

You were talking about the Circle, DeFi, and so on. We see a lot of things in
this field, but we are a bank, we are regulated, and we need to pay attention
to all the different aspects. When I was talking about the issuance, of it’s
definitely a key point.



[00:24:29] **Adrien:**  It is. A surprising point with CBDC is that it’s been
a long time that CDC is seen as a competitor to cryptocurrency. As soon as you
have the central bank issuing the money, do you really need Bitcoin? Of course
there are various properties of Bitcoin which a CBDC will not equal, but you
can argue with that at least as a means of payments, potentially it’s a better
tool.

Do you see today that CBDC is competing with cryptocurrencies, or would it be
kind of an on-ramp? Or is there a facilitator of the cryptocurrency and
decentralized finance industry as a whole?

If I can quickly mention that, I think that’s one of the biggest weaknesses of
DeFi today is that you’re kind of in your bubble, working with fantastic
tools; but fantastic tools which don’t have great interface with the legacy
world or with the outside world. As soon as you start thinking about CBDC in
this equation, well, potentially you can only consume DeFi or you can leverage
this DeFi technology much more than you do today.

Do you see CBDC as a competition or as a facilitator or something else in the
context of the blockchain innovation today?



[00:25:43] **Laurent:**  No, definitely no competition. We need in the world
of finance to have CBDC. It’s like having a car without having electricity. We
need to have CBDC. What is the DeFi, Bitcoin, it’s a different world. I
strongly believe in the potential of CBDC in the world of the capital markets.
For me, it’s not a competition; it’s completely complimentary.



[00:26:21] **Adrien:**  I believe it is.



[00:26:21] **Laurent:**  There is place for a lot of actors.



[00:26:23] **Adrien:**  Speaking about these actors that you’re referring to,
and you don’t need to name them, but do you see other large players on the
markets, whether in Europe or in the US or in Asia or somewhere else, that are
today taking similar steps at Societe Generale is, whether it’s with
tokenization or more directly with cryptocurrencies or CBDC? Or do you feel
that you are kind of unique on the market?



[00:26:49] **Laurent:**  No, we are not unique. I see a lot of companies are
moving fast. I don’t like the term ‘competitors’, even if I’m doing a lot of
sports. Anyway, the biggest competitors for banks are not the financial ones.
It’s the ones that you don’t see today; the invisible competitor. You are not
a competitor, of course, but you can be a competitor of a segment of banks.

Coinbase can be a competitor because they are doing a lot of things in the
banking world. Gaffer can be a future competitor of banks. The main
competitors of Societe Generale in the world of blockchain and as the other,
are the invisible ones. Otherwise, I see very interesting US companies. There
are lot of US financial companies that are investing. Investing is very
important, but you need to execute business cases and have a real impact.



[00:28:08] **Adrien:**  Well, we certainly hope that Societe Generale is
leading by example, and that you’ll be making bold announcements over the next
few months and few years.

I would like to thank you very much for the participation. It has been an
exciting discussion. Potentially, I hope to we’ll have the opportunity to
invite you again to the show. Thank you. To our audience today, the next
episode will be with Matthias Imbach, CEO and founder at Sygnum Bank in
Switzerland. Don’t forget that you can always find a recording of the session
on the various channels, whether it’s on Spotify, whether it is on our
website, on YouTube.

If you have any questions, please feel free to reach out. Thank you very much
all



[00:28:45] **Laurent:**  Thanks. Bye!

  * [![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/01/spotify.png?x88149)](https://open.spotify.com/show/0IiI7iftR3F3RqinfJbpRT)
  * [![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/01/apple-podcasts.png?x88149)](https://podcasts.apple.com/us/podcast/metaco-talks-crypto-podcast-on-building-the-future/id1542371076?uo=4)
  * [![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/01/google-podcasts.png?x88149)](https://podcasts.google.com/feed/aHR0cHM6Ly9hbmNob3IuZm0vcy80MWY2MzA3NC9wb2RjYXN0L3Jzcw==)

![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/footer.png?x88149)

## **Explore** more

  * ![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/01/mt-speaker_ep-44-square-640x640.png?x88149)

[Talks](https://www.metaco.com/category/talks/)

February 6, 2024

[David Riegelnig (Rulematch)Digital Asset Trading Tailored to the Needs of
Financial Institutions](https://www.metaco.com/talks/rulematch-institutional-
digital-asset-trading/ "Digital Asset Trading Tailored to the Needs of
Financial Institutions")

  * ![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/12/mt-speaker_ep-43-square_dark-blue-640x640.png?x88149)

[Talks](https://www.metaco.com/category/talks/)

January 11, 2024

[Rajeev Tummala (HSBC Securities Services)The institutional value-chain of
tokenized securities](https://www.metaco.com/talks/institutional-value-chain-
tokenized-securities-rajeev-tummala-hsbc/ "The institutional value-chain of
tokenized securities")

  * ![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/11/mt-speaker_ep-42_light-blue-square-640x640.png?x88149)

[Talks](https://www.metaco.com/category/talks/)

November 14, 2023

[Angela Itzikowitz (ENS Africa) and Ashveen Gopee (PWC Mauritius)The Digital
Asset Ecosystem in Mauritius and South
Africa](https://www.metaco.com/talks/da-ecosystem-mauritius-south-africa-
aitzikowitz-agoppee/ "The Digital Asset Ecosystem in Mauritius and South
Africa")

[![Metaco](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/logo-w.svg?x88149)](https://www.metaco.com)

  * [Solutions](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/)
    * [Global Custodians](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/global-custodians-top-tier-banks/)
    * [Universal Banks](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/universal-banks/)
    * [Neobanks & Fintechs](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/neobanks-fintechs/)
    * [Regulated Exchanges](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/regulated-exchanges/)
    * [Corporates](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/corporates/)
  * [Platform](https://www.metaco.com/platform/)
    * [Harmonize™](https://www.metaco.com/platform/harmonize/)
    * [Custody](https://www.metaco.com/platform/custody/)
    * [Trading](https://www.metaco.com/platform/trading/)
    * [Web3](https://www.metaco.com/platform/web3/)
    * [Governance](https://www.metaco.com/platform/governance/)
    * [Orchestration](https://www.metaco.com/platform/orchestration/)
    * [Tokenization](https://www.metaco.com/platform/tokenization/)
    * [Integration](https://www.metaco.com/platform/integration/)
    * [Security](https://www.metaco.com/platform/security/)
  * [Company](https://www.metaco.com/company/media-coverage-press-releases/)
    * [About](https://www.metaco.com/company/about/)
    * [Media & news](https://www.metaco.com/company/media-coverage-press-releases/)
    * [Jobs](https://www.metaco.com/jobs/)
  * [Resources](https://www.metaco.com/resources/)
    * [Talks](https://www.metaco.com/resources/talks/)
    * [Webinars](https://www.metaco.com/resources/webinars/)
    * [Case studies](https://www.metaco.com/resources/case-studies/)
    * [Reports](https://www.metaco.com/resources/reports/)
    * [Blog](https://www.metaco.com/resources/blog/)

![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/10/sco2.png?x88149)![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/10/iso27001.png?x88149)

  * [__](https://www.twitter.com/metaco_sa "Twitter: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")
  * [__](https://www.linkedin.com/company/metaco-ag/ "Linkedin: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")
  * [__](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC4MLOKnJD9bXfHVXMnHM7ow "Youtube: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")
  * [__](https://open.spotify.com/show/0IiI7iftR3F3RqinfJbpRT "Spotify: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")

© 2015-2024 - Metaco SA - All Rights Reserved |[ Terms & Conditions](https://www.metaco.com/terms-conditions/) | [Privacy Policy](https://www.metaco.com/privacy-policy/) | [Cookie policy](https://www.metaco.com/cookie-policy/)

Metaco | The digital asset core system

869 subscribers

[Blockchain, the Innovation Barometer w/ Laurent MAROCHINI (SocGen SS) [METACO
TALKS #21]](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RBCZOlMuQCo)

[]()

Metaco | The digital asset core system

Search

Watch later

Share

Copy link

Info

Shopping

Tap to unmute

If playback doesn't begin shortly, try restarting your device.

More videos

## More videos

Share

Include playlist

An error occurred while retrieving sharing information. Please try again
later.

[Watch
on](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RBCZOlMuQCo&embeds_referring_euri=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.metaco.com%2F&feature=emb_imp_woyt)

0:00

0:00 / 30:20•Live

•

[](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RBCZOlMuQCo "Watch on YouTube")

# An error occurred.

[Try watching this video on
www.youtube.com](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RBCZOlMuQCo), or enable
JavaScript if it is disabled in your browser.

