Skip to main content

[](/en/)

  * Learn
  * Use
  * Build
  * Participate
  * Research

Search```K`

Languages EN

Change page

[Overview](/en/developers/docs/)

Foundational topics

[Intro to Ethereum](/en/developers/docs/intro-to-ethereum/)

[Intro to Ether](/en/developers/docs/intro-to-ether/)

[Intro to dapps](/en/developers/docs/dapps/)

[Web2 vs Web3](/en/developers/docs/web2-vs-web3/)

[Accounts](/en/developers/docs/accounts/)

[Transactions](/en/developers/docs/transactions/)

[Blocks](/en/developers/docs/blocks/)

[Ethereum virtual machine (EVM)](/en/developers/docs/evm/)

[Opcodes](/en/developers/docs/evm/opcodes/)

[Gas](/en/developers/docs/gas/)

[Nodes and clients](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/)

[Run a node](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/run-a-node/)

[Client diversity](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/client-diversity/)

[Nodes as a service](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/nodes-as-a-
service/)

[Node architecture](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/node-architecture/)

[Light clients](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/light-clients/)

[Archive nodes](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/archive-nodes/)

[Bootnodes](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/bootnodes/)

[Networks](/en/developers/docs/networks/)

[Consensus mechanisms](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/)

[Proof-of-work](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pow/)

[Mining](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pow/mining/)

[Mining algorithms](/en/developers/docs/consensus-
mechanisms/pow/mining/mining-algorithms/)

[Dagger-Hashimoto](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pow/mining/mining-
algorithms/dagger-hashimoto/)

[Ethash](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pow/mining/mining-
algorithms/ethash/)

[Proof-of-stake](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/)

[Gasper](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/gasper/)

[Weak subjectivity](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/weak-
subjectivity/)

[Attestations](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/attestations/)

[PoS rewards and penalties](/en/developers/docs/consensus-
mechanisms/pos/rewards-and-penalties/)

[PoS attack and defense](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/attack-
and-defense/)

[Keys](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/keys/)

[Proof-of-stake versus proof-of-work](/en/developers/docs/consensus-
mechanisms/pos/pos-vs-pow/)

[Block proposal](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/block-proposal/)

[Proof-of-stake FAQs](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/faqs/)

[Proof-of-authority](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/poa/)

Ethereum stack

[Intro to the stack](/en/developers/docs/ethereum-stack/)

[Smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/)

[Smart contract languages](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/languages/)

[Smart contract anatomy](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/anatomy/)

[Smart contracts libraries](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/libraries/)

[Testing smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/testing/)

[Compiling smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/compiling/)

[Deploying smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/deploying/)

[Verifying smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/verifying/)

[Upgrading smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/upgrading/)

[Smart contract security](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/security/)

[Smart contract formal verification](/en/developers/docs/smart-
contracts/formal-verification/)

[Composability](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/composability/)

[Development networks](/en/developers/docs/development-networks/)

[Development frameworks](/en/developers/docs/frameworks/)

Ethereum client APIs

[JavaScript APIs](/en/developers/docs/apis/javascript/)

[Backend APIs](/en/developers/docs/apis/backend/)

[JSON-RPC](/en/developers/docs/apis/json-rpc/)

[Data and analytics](/en/developers/docs/data-and-analytics/)

[Block explorers](/en/developers/docs/data-and-analytics/block-explorers/)

[Storage](/en/developers/docs/storage/)

[Integrated Development Environments (IDEs)](/en/developers/docs/ides/)

[Programming languages](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/)

[Dart](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/dart/)

[Delphi](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/delphi/)

[.NET](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/dot-net/)

[Golang](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/golang/)

[Java](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/java/)

[JavaScript](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/javascript/)

[Python](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/python/)

[Ruby](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/ruby/)

[Rust](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/rust/)

Advanced

[Bridges](/en/developers/docs/bridges/)

[Standards](/en/developers/docs/standards/)

[Token standards](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/)

[ERC-20: Fungible Tokens](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/erc-20/)

[ERC-721: NFTs](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/erc-721/)

[ERC-777](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/erc-777/)

[ERC-1155](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/erc-1155/)

[ERC-4626](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/erc-4626/)

[Maximal extractable value (MEV)](/en/developers/docs/mev/)

[Oracles](/en/developers/docs/oracles/)

[Scaling](/en/developers/docs/scaling/)

[Optimistic rollups](/en/developers/docs/scaling/optimistic-rollups/)

[Zero-knowledge rollups](/en/developers/docs/scaling/zk-rollups/)

[State channels](/en/developers/docs/scaling/state-channels/)

[Sidechains](/en/developers/docs/scaling/sidechains/)

[Plasma](/en/developers/docs/scaling/plasma/)

[Validium](/en/developers/docs/scaling/validium/)

[Data availability](/en/developers/docs/data-availability/)

[Networking layer](/en/developers/docs/networking-layer/)

[Network addresses](/en/developers/docs/networking-layer/network-addresses/)

[Portal Network](/en/developers/docs/networking-layer/portal-network/)

[Data structures and encoding](/en/developers/docs/data-structures-and-
encoding/)

[Patricia Merkle Trie](/en/developers/docs/data-structures-and-
encoding/patricia-merkle-trie/)

[Recursive-length prefix (RLP)](/en/developers/docs/data-structures-and-
encoding/rlp/)

[Simple serialize (SSZ)](/en/developers/docs/data-structures-and-
encoding/ssz/)

[Web3 secret storage definition](/en/developers/docs/data-structures-and-
encoding/web3-secret-storage/)

Design fundamentals

[Intro to design and UX](/en/developers/docs/design-and-ux/)

# Proof-of-stake vs proof-of-work

w

Last edit: [@wackerow(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/wackerow),
January 25, 2024

See contributors

On this page

  * Security
    * Cost to attack
    * Complexity
    * Attack surface
  * Decentralization
  * Sustainability
  * Issuance
  * More of a visual learner?
  * Further reading

When Ethereum launched, proof-of-stake still needed a lot of research and
development before it could be trusted to secure Ethereum. Proof-of-work was a
simpler mechanism that had already been proven by Bitcoin, meaning core
developers could implement it right away to get Ethereum launched. It took a
further eight years to develop proof-of-stake to the point where it could be
implemented.

This page explains the rationale behind Ethereum's switch to proof-of-stake
from proof-of-work and the trade-offs involved.

## Security

Ethereum researchers consider proof-of-stake more secure than proof-of-work.
However, it has only recently been implemented for the real Ethereum Mainnet
and is less time-proven than proof-of-work. The following sections discuss the
pros and cons of proof-of-stake's security model compared to proof-of-work.

### Cost to attack

In proof-of-stake, validators are required to escrow ("stake") at least 32 ETH
in a smart contract. Ethereum can destroy staked ether to punish validators
that misbehave. To come to consensus, at least 66% of the total staked ether
has to vote in favour of a particular set of blocks. Blocks voted for by >=66%
of the stake become "finalized", meaning they can't be removed or reorganized.

Attacking the network can mean preventing the chain from finalizing or
ensuring a certain organization of blocks in the canonical chain that somehow
benefits an attacker. This requires the attacker to divert the path of honest
consensus either by accumulating a large amount of ether and voting with it
directly or tricking honest validators into voting in a particular way.
Sophisticated, low-probability attacks that trick honest validators aside, the
cost to attack Ethereum is the cost of the stake that an attacker has to
accumulate to influence consensus in their favour.

The lowest cost of attack is >33% of the total stake. An attacker holding >33%
of the total stake can cause a finality delay simply by going offline. This is
a relatively minor problem for the network as there is a mechanism known as
the "inactivity leak" that leaks stake away from offline validators until the
online majority represents 66% of the stake and can finalize the chain again.
It is also theoretically possible for an attacker to cause double finality
with a little over 33% of the total stake by creating two blocks instead of
one when they are asked to be a block producer and then double-vote with all
of their validators. Each fork only requires 50% of the remaining honest
validators to see each block first, so if they manage to time their messages
just right, they may be able to finalize both forks. This has a low likelihood
of success, but if an attacker was able to cause double-finality, the Ethereum
community would have to decide to follow one fork, in which case the
attacker's validators would necessarily be slashed on the other.

With >33% of the total stake, an attacker has a chance to have a minor
(finality delay) or more severe (double finality) effect on the Ethereum
network. With more than 14,000,000 ETH staked on the network and a
representative price of $1000/ETH, the minimum cost to mount these attacks is
`1000 x 14,000,000 x 0.33 = $4,620,000,000`. The attacker would lose this
money through slashing and get ejected from the network. To attack again, they
would have to accumulate >33% of the stake (again) and burn it (again). Each
attempt to attack the network would cost >$4.6 billion (at $1000/ETH and 14M
ETH staked). The attacker is also ejected from the network when they are
slashed, and they have to join an activation queue to rejoin. This means the
rate of a repeat attack is limited not only to the rate the attacker can
accumulate >33% of the total stake but also the time it takes to onboard all
their validators onto the network. Each time the attacker attacks, they get
much poorer, and the rest of the community gets richer, thanks to the
resulting supply shock.

Other attacks, such as 51% attacks or finality reversion with 66% of the total
stake, require substantially more ETH and are much more costly to the
attacker.

Compare this to proof-of-work. The cost of launching an attack on proof-of-
work Ethereum was the cost of consistently owning >50% of the total network
hash rate. This amounted to the hardware and running costs of sufficient
computing power to outcompete other miners to compute proof-of-work solutions
consistently. Ethereum was mostly mined using GPUs rather than ASICs, which
kept the cost down (although had Ethereum stayed on proof-of-work, ASIC mining
may have become more popular). An adversary would have to purchase a lot of
hardware and pay for the electricity to run it to attack a proof-of-work
Ethereum network, but the total cost would be less than the cost required to
accumulate enough ETH to launch an attack. A 51% attack is ~[20x less(opens in
a new tab)](https://youtu.be/1m12zgJ42dI?t=1562) expensive on proof-of-work
than proof-of-stake. If the attack was detected and the chain hard-forked to
remove their changes, the attacker could repeatedly use the same hardware to
attack the new fork.

### Complexity

Proof-of-stake is much more complex than proof-of-work. This could be a point
in favour of proof-of-work as it is harder to introduce bugs or unintended
effects into simpler protocols accidentally. However, the complexity has been
tamed by years of research and development, simulations, and testnet
implementations. The proof-of-stake protocol has been independently
implemented by five separate teams (on each of the execution and consensus
layers) in five programming languages, providing resilience against client
bugs.

To safely develop and test the proof-of-stake consensus logic, the Beacon
Chain was launched two years before proof-of-stake was implemented on Ethereum
Mainnet. The Beacon Chain acted as a sandbox for proof-of-stake testing, as it
was a live blockchain implementing the proof-of-stake consensus logic but
without touching real Ethereum transactions - effectively just coming to
consensus on itself. Once this had been stable and bug-free for a sufficient
time, the Beacon Chain was "merged" with Ethereum Mainnet. This all
contributed to taming the complexity of proof-of-stake to the point that the
risk of unintended consequences or client bugs was very low.

### Attack surface

Proof-of-stake is more complex than proof-of-work, which means there are more
potential attack vectors to handle. Instead of one peer-to-peer network
connecting clients, there are two, each implementing a separate protocol.
Having one specific validator pre-selected to propose a block in each slot
creates the potential for denial-of-service where large amounts of network
traffic knock that specific validator offline.

There are also ways that attackers can carefully time the release of their
blocks or attestations so that they are received by a certain proportion of
the honest network, influencing them to vote in certain ways. Finally, an
attacker can simply accumulate sufficient ETH to stake and dominate the
consensus mechanism. Each of these [attack vectors has associated
defenses](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/attack-and-defense/),
but they do not exist to be defended under proof-of-work.

## Decentralization

Proof-of-stake is more decentralized than proof-of-work because mining
hardware arms races tend to price out individuals and small organizations.
While anyone can technically start mining with modest hardware, their
likelihood of receiving any reward is vanishingly small compared to
institutional mining operations. With proof-of-stake, the cost of staking and
the percentage return on that stake are the same for everyone. It currently
costs 32 ETH to run a validator.

On the other hand, the invention of liquid staking derivatives has led to
centralization concerns because a few large providers manage large amounts of
staked ETH. This is problematic and needs to be corrected as soon as possible,
but it is also more nuanced than it seems. Centralized staking providers do
not necessarily have centralized control of validators - often it is just a
way to create a central pool of ETH that many independent node operators can
stake without every participant requiring 32 ETH of their own.

The best option for Ethereum is for validators to be run locally on home
computers, maximizing decentralization. This is why Ethereum resists changes
that increase the hardware requirements for running a node/validator.

## Sustainability

Proof-of-stake is a carbon-cheap way to secure the blockchain. Under proof-of-
work miners compete for the right to mine a block. Miners are more successful
when they can perform calculations faster, incentivizing investment in
hardware and energy consumption. This was observed for Ethereum before it
switched to proof-of-stake. Shortly before the transition to proof-of-stake,
Ethereum was consuming approximately 78 TWh/yr - as much as a small country.
However, switching to proof-of-stake reduced this energy expenditure by
~99.98%. Proof-of-stake made Ethereum an energy-efficient, low carbon
platform.

[More on Ethereum's energy consumption](/en/energy-consumption/)

## Issuance

Proof-of-stake Ethereum can pay for its security by issuing far fewer coins
than proof-of-work Ethereum because validators do not have to pay high
electricity costs. As a result, ETH can reduce its inflation or even become
deflationary when large amounts of ETH are burned. Lower inflation levels mean
Ethereum's security is cheaper than it was under proof-of-work.

## More of a visual learner?

Watch Justin Drake explain the benefits of proof-of-stake over proof-of-work:

## Further reading

  * [Vitalik's proof-of-stake design philosophy(opens in a new tab)](https://medium.com/@VitalikButerin/a-proof-of-stake-design-philosophy-506585978d51)
  * [Vitalik's proof-of-stake FAQs(opens in a new tab)](https://vitalik.eth.limo/general/2017/12/31/pos_faq.html#what-is-proof-of-stake)
  * ["Simply Explained" video on pos vs pow(opens in a new tab)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3EFi_POhps)

back-to-top ↑

### Was this article helpful?

YesNo

![👈](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f448.svg)

Previous

[Keys](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/keys/)

![👉](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f449.svg)

Next

[Block proposal](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/block-proposal/)

  * [Edit page(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/ethereum/ethereum-org-website/tree/dev/public/content/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/pos-vs-pow/index.md)
  * On this page

    * Security
      * Cost to attack
      * Complexity
      * Attack surface
    * Decentralization
    * Sustainability
    * Issuance
    * More of a visual learner?
    * Further reading

Website last updated: May 22, 2024

[(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/ethereum/ethereum-org-
website)[(opens in a new tab)](https://twitter.com/ethdotorg)[(opens in a new
tab)](https://discord.gg/ethereum-org)

### Learn

  * [Learn Hub](/en/learn/)
  * [What is Ethereum?](/en/what-is-ethereum/)
  * [What is ether (ETH)?](/en/eth/)
  * [Ethereum wallets](/en/wallets/)
  * [What is Web3?](/en/web3/)
  * [Smart contracts](/en/smart-contracts/)
  * [Gas fees](/en/gas/)
  * [Run a node](/en/run-a-node/)
  * [Ethereum security and scam prevention](/en/security/)
  * [Quiz Hub](/en/quizzes/)
  * [Ethereum glossary](/en/glossary/)

### Use

  * [Guides](/en/guides/)
  * [Choose your wallet](/en/wallets/find-wallet/)
  * [Get ETH](/en/get-eth/)
  * [Dapps - Decentralized applications](/en/dapps/)
  * [Stablecoins](/en/stablecoins/)
  * [NFTs - Non-fungible tokens](/en/nft/)
  * [DeFi - Decentralized finance](/en/defi/)
  * [DAOs - Decentralized autonomous organizations](/en/dao/)
  * [Decentralized identity](/en/decentralized-identity/)
  * [Stake ETH](/en/staking/)
  * [Layer 2](/en/layer-2/)

### Build

  * [Builder's home](/en/developers/)
  * [Tutorials](/en/developers/tutorials/)
  * [Documentation](/en/developers/docs/)
  * [Learn by coding](/en/developers/learning-tools/)
  * [Set up local environment](/en/developers/local-environment/)
  * [Grants](/en/community/grants/)
  * [Foundational topics](/en/developers/docs/intro-to-ethereum/)
  * [UX/UI design fundamentals](/en/developers/docs/design-and-ux/)
  * [Enterprise - Mainnet Ethereum](/en/enterprise/)
  * [Enterprise - Private Ethereum](/en/enterprise/private-ethereum/)

### Participate

  * [Community hub](/en/community/)
  * [Online communities](/en/community/online/)
  * [Ethereum events](/en/community/events/)
  * [Contributing to ethereum.org](/en/contributing/)
  * [Translation Program](/en/contributing/translation-program/)
  * [Ethereum bug bounty program](/en/bug-bounty/)
  * [Ethereum Foundation](/en/foundation/)
  * [Ethereum Foundation Blog(opens in a new tab)](https://blog.ethereum.org/)
  * [Ecosystem Support Program(opens in a new tab)](https://esp.ethereum.foundation)
  * [Devcon(opens in a new tab)](https://devcon.org/)

### Research

  * [Ethereum Whitepaper](/en/whitepaper/)
  * [Ethereum roadmap](/en/roadmap/)
  * [Improved security](/en/roadmap/security/)
  * [Technical history of Ethereum](/en/history/)
  * [Open research](/en/community/research/)
  * [Ethereum Improvement Proposals](/en/eips/)
  * [Ethereum governance](/en/governance/)

  * [About us](/en/about/)
  * [Ethereum brand assets](/en/assets/)
  * [Code of conduct](/en/community/code-of-conduct/)
  * [Jobs](/en/about/#open-jobs)
  * [Privacy policy](/en/privacy-policy/)
  * [Terms of use](/en/terms-of-use/)
  * [Cookie policy](/en/cookie-policy/)
  * [Press Contact(opens in a new tab)](mailto:press@ethereum.org)

Is this page helpful?

