![Close](/img/icons/ico_close.svg?1716491272)

Bitcoin.org is a community funded project, donations are appreciated and used
to improve the website.

Make a donation

Bitcoin.org needs your support!

Ã

Donate to Bitcoin.org

Use this QR code or address below

[ bc1qx3u4njquj0ux63030r4nat8awqrlm0x2zlt96h
](bitcoin:bc1qx3u4njquj0ux63030r4nat8awqrlm0x2zlt96h)

$5.00

(... BTC)

$25.00

(... BTC)

$50.00

(... BTC)

[![Bitcoin](/img/icons/logotop.svg?1716491272)](/en/)

  * Introduction
    * [Individuals](/en/bitcoin-for-individuals)
    * [Businesses](/en/bitcoin-for-businesses)
    * [Developers](https://developer.bitcoin.org/)
    * [Getting started](/en/getting-started)
    * [How it works](/en/how-it-works)
    * [White paper](/en/bitcoin-paper)
  * Resources
    * [Resources](/en/resources)
    * [Exchanges](/en/exchanges)
    * [Community](/en/community)
    * [Documentation](https://developer.bitcoin.org/)
    * [Vocabulary](/en/vocabulary)
    * [Events](/en/events)
    * [Bitcoin Core](/en/bitcoin-core/)
  * [Innovation](/en/innovation)
  * Participate
    * [Support Bitcoin](/en/support-bitcoin)
    * [Buy Bitcoin](/en/buy)
    * [Running a full node](/en/full-node)
    * [Development](/en/development)
  * [FAQ](/en/faq)

  * English
    *       * [Bahasa Indonesia](/id/)
      * [CatalÃ ](/ca/)
      * [Dansk](/da/)
      * [Deutsch](/de/)
      * [English](/en/)
      * [EspaÃ±ol](/es/)
      * [FranÃ§ais](/fr/)
      * [Italiano](/it/)
      * [Magyar](/hu/)
      * [Nederlands](/nl/)
      * [Polski](/pl/)
      * [PortuguÃªs Brasil](/pt_BR/)
      * [RomÃ¢nÄ](/ro/)
      * [SlovenÅ¡Äina](/sl/)
      * [Srpski](/sr/)
      * [Svenska](/sv/)
    *       * [TÃ¼rkÃ§e](/tr/)
      * [ÎÎ»Î»Î·Î½Î¹ÎºÎ¬](/el/)
      * [Ð±ÑÐ»Ð³Ð°ÑÑÐºÐ¸](/bg/)
      * [Ð ÑÑÑÐºÐ¸Ð¹](/ru/)
      * [Ð£ÐºÑÐ°ÑÐ½ÑÑÐºÐ°](/uk/)
      * [ÕÕ¡ÕµÕ¥ÖÕ¥Õ¶](/hy/)
      * [Ø§ÙØ¹Ø±Ø¨ÙØ©](/ar/)
      * [ÙØ§Ø±Ø³Û](/fa/)
      * [×¢××¨××ª](/he/)
      * [à¤¹à¤¿à¤¨à¥à¤¦à¥](/hi/)
      * [íêµ­ì´](/ko/)
      * [ááááá](/km/)
      * [æ¥æ¬èª](/ja/)
      * [ç®ä½ä¸­æ](/zh_CN/)
      * [ç¹é«ä¸­æ](/zh_TW/)

Bahasa Indonesia CatalÃ  Dansk Deutsch English EspaÃ±ol FranÃ§ais Italiano
Magyar Nederlands Polski PortuguÃªs Brasil RomÃ¢nÄ SlovenÅ¡Äina Srpski
Svenska TÃ¼rkÃ§e ÎÎ»Î»Î·Î½Î¹ÎºÎ¬ Ð±ÑÐ»Ð³Ð°ÑÑÐºÐ¸ Ð ÑÑÑÐºÐ¸Ð¹
Ð£ÐºÑÐ°ÑÐ½ÑÑÐºÐ° ÕÕ¡ÕµÕ¥ÖÕ¥Õ¶ Ø§ÙØ¹Ø±Ø¨ÙØ© ÙØ§Ø±Ø³Û ×¢××¨××ª
à¤¹à¤¿à¤¨à¥à¤¦à¥ íêµ­ì´ ááááá æ¥æ¬èª ç®ä½ä¸­æ
ç¹é«ä¸­æ Language: en

[Network alerts history](/en/alerts) | [ ![rss](/img/icons/header_rss.svg?1716491272) Subscribe to RSS feed](/en/rss/alerts.rss) | [Post history](https://github.com/bitcoin-dot-org/bitcoin.org/commits/master/_alerts/2013-08-11-android.html) | [Report issue](https://github.com/bitcoin-dot-org/bitcoin.org/issues/new?body=Source%20File%3A%20_alerts/2013-08-11-android.html%0A%0A)

# Android Security Vulnerability

11 August 2013

## What happened

We recently learned that a component of Android responsible for generating
secure random numbers contains [critical weaknesses](http://android-
developers.blogspot.com.au/2013/08/some-securerandom-thoughts.html), that
render all Android wallets generated to date vulnerable to theft. Because the
problem lies with Android itself, this problem will affect you if you have a
wallet generated by any Android app. An incomplete list would be [Bitcoin
Wallet](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=de.schildbach.wallet),
[blockchain.info](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=piuk.blockchain.android)
wallet,
[BitcoinSpinner](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.miracleas.bitcoin_spinner)
and [Mycelium
Wallet](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.mycelium.wallet).
Apps where you don't control the private keys at all are not affected. For
example, exchange frontends like the Coinbase or Mt Gox apps are not impacted
by this issue because the private keys are not generated on your Android
phone.

## What has been done

Updates have been prepared for the following wallet apps:

  * **[Bitcoin Wallet](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=de.schildbach.wallet)** : Update 3.15 can be installed from [Google Play](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=de.schildbach.wallet) or [Google Code](http://code.google.com/p/bitcoin-wallet/downloads/list). Key rotation will occur automatically soon after you upgrade. The old addresses will be marked as insecure in your address book. You will need to make a fresh backup.
  * **[BitcoinSpinner](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.miracleas.bitcoin_spinner)** : Update 0.8.3b can be installed from [Google Play](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.miracleas.bitcoin_spinner) or [Google Code](https://code.google.com/p/bitcoinspinner/downloads/list). On startup it will advise you on how to proceed.
  * **[Mycelium Bitcoin Wallet](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.mycelium.wallet)** : Update 0.7.0 can be installed from [Google Play](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.mycelium.wallet) or [mycelium.com](http://mycelium.com/). A wizard will guide you through the process of moving your bitcoins to newly generated addresses, and put the old keys into archive mode.
  * **[blockchain.info](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=piuk.blockchain.android)** : Update 3.54 can be installed from [Google Play](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=piuk.blockchain.android). Version 3.54 and above includes an automatic re-keying wizard. Simply update to the latest version and follow the onscreen instructions. Please make a fresh wallet backup after the process completes.

## What you should do

In order to re-secure existing wallets, key rotation is necessary. This
involves generating a new address with a repaired random number generator and
then sending all the money in your wallet back to yourself. If you use an
Android wallet then we strongly recommend you to upgrade to the latest version
available in the Play Store as soon as one becomes available. Once your wallet
is rotated, you will need to contact anyone who has stored addresses generated
by your phone and give them a new one.

If you can't update your Android app, alternatively, you can send your
bitcoins to a Bitcoin wallet on your computer until your Android app can be
updated. You should make sure not to send back your bitcoins to your old
insecure addresses.

_This notice last updated: Tue, 13 Aug 2013 13:51:00 UTC_

[ ![Bitcoin](/img/icons/logo-footer.svg?1716491272) ](/en/)

Support Bitcoin.org: Donate

[bc1qx3u4njquj0ux63030r4nat8awqrlm0x2zlt96h](bitcoin:bc1qx3u4njquj0ux63030r4nat8awqrlm0x2zlt96h)

Introduction:

  * [Individuals](/en/bitcoin-for-individuals)
  * [Businesses](/en/bitcoin-for-businesses)
  * [Developers](https://developer.bitcoin.org/)
  * [Getting started](/en/getting-started)
  * [How it works](/en/how-it-works)
  * [You need to know](/en/you-need-to-know)
  * [White paper](/en/bitcoin-paper)

Resources:

  * [Resources](/en/resources)
  * [Exchanges](/en/exchanges)
  * [Community](/en/community)
  * [Vocabulary ](/en/vocabulary)
  * [Events](/en/events)
  * [Bitcoin Core](/en/bitcoin-core/)

Participate:

  * [Support Bitcoin](/en/support-bitcoin)
  * [Buy Bitcoin](/en/buy)
  * [Running a full node](/en/full-node)
  * [Development](/en/development)

Other:

[Avoid Scams](/en/scams) [Legal](/en/legal) [Privacy Policy](/en/privacy)
[Press](/en/press) [About bitcoin.org](/en/about-us) [Blog](/en/blog)

Â© Bitcoin Project 2009-2024 Released under the [MIT
license](http://opensource.org/licenses/mit-license.php)

[Network Status](/en/alerts)

  * English
    *       * [Bahasa Indonesia](/id/)
      * [CatalÃ ](/ca/)
      * [Dansk](/da/)
      * [Deutsch](/de/)
      * [English](/en/)
      * [EspaÃ±ol](/es/)
      * [FranÃ§ais](/fr/)
      * [Italiano](/it/)
      * [Magyar](/hu/)
      * [Nederlands](/nl/)
      * [Polski](/pl/)
      * [PortuguÃªs Brasil](/pt_BR/)
      * [RomÃ¢nÄ](/ro/)
      * [SlovenÅ¡Äina](/sl/)
      * [Srpski](/sr/)
      * [Svenska](/sv/)
    *       * [TÃ¼rkÃ§e](/tr/)
      * [ÎÎ»Î»Î·Î½Î¹ÎºÎ¬](/el/)
      * [Ð±ÑÐ»Ð³Ð°ÑÑÐºÐ¸](/bg/)
      * [Ð ÑÑÑÐºÐ¸Ð¹](/ru/)
      * [Ð£ÐºÑÐ°ÑÐ½ÑÑÐºÐ°](/uk/)
      * [ÕÕ¡ÕµÕ¥ÖÕ¥Õ¶](/hy/)
      * [Ø§ÙØ¹Ø±Ø¨ÙØ©](/ar/)
      * [ÙØ§Ø±Ø³Û](/fa/)
      * [×¢××¨××ª](/he/)
      * [à¤¹à¤¿à¤¨à¥à¤¦à¥](/hi/)
      * [íêµ­ì´](/ko/)
      * [ááááá](/km/)
      * [æ¥æ¬èª](/ja/)
      * [ç®ä½ä¸­æ](/zh_CN/)
      * [ç¹é«ä¸­æ](/zh_TW/)

Bahasa Indonesia CatalÃ  Dansk Deutsch English EspaÃ±ol FranÃ§ais Italiano
Magyar Nederlands Polski PortuguÃªs Brasil RomÃ¢nÄ SlovenÅ¡Äina Srpski
Svenska TÃ¼rkÃ§e ÎÎ»Î»Î·Î½Î¹ÎºÎ¬ Ð±ÑÐ»Ð³Ð°ÑÑÐºÐ¸ Ð ÑÑÑÐºÐ¸Ð¹
Ð£ÐºÑÐ°ÑÐ½ÑÑÐºÐ° ÕÕ¡ÕµÕ¥ÖÕ¥Õ¶ Ø§ÙØ¹Ø±Ø¨ÙØ© ÙØ§Ø±Ø³Û ×¢××¨××ª
à¤¹à¤¿à¤¨à¥à¤¦à¥ íêµ­ì´ ááááá æ¥æ¬èª ç®ä½ä¸­æ
ç¹é«ä¸­æ en

