[![wormhole
logo](https://images.ctfassets.net/n8aw1cra6v98/2057wAXk6apiGi4vfTeC2u/9e200f5dfebaf6bb113c879243cf4508/wormwhole.svg?w=384&q=100)](/)

Products

Ecosystem

Developers

Platform

Community

[Start Building](https://docs.wormhole.com/)

## Ecosystem Programs

The Wormhole ecosystem is supported by leading industry backers to enable the
onboarding of the next generation of Web3 applications.

![](https://images.ctfassets.net/n8aw1cra6v98/4lHijueGeAcqc8DOxnyTVg/4d6a082c974c069e087e311143dc33ef/Frame_427320710.svg?w=828&q=75)

#### funds and grants for visionary teams who are building the multichain
future

![](https://images.ctfassets.net/n8aw1cra6v98/3L6bijwSQ4JE2ou8jyO7FB/d43b655ab54b4b7114fb42b323be80ba/embudo.svg?w=1920&q=75)

### Cross-Chain Ecosystem Fund

Borderless Capital has launched a $50 million fund to onboard the next
generation of Web3 applications, bringing builders together to innovate
applications that users love.

This is an anti-maxi initiative that goes far beyond a single chain or
application. All builders, founders, and developers innovating cutting-edge
apps, infrastructure, or tools that span multiple ecosystems are invited to
apply.

[Apply now](/wormhole-ecosystem-fund-application)

![Cross-Chain Ecosystem
Fund](https://images.ctfassets.net/n8aw1cra6v98/Gjxlo93PdsGaYUO0WHXWv/34f533c85a20628ff5ac3f062e26b12c/Group_427320710.png?w=828&q=75)

### xGrant program

The xGrant Program is designed to provide financial support, mentorship, and
resources to innovative teams and projects to help them reach their full
potential and make a significant impact in the industry.

Build with Wormhole and receive an xGrant of up to $250,000 today.

[Apply for a grant](/wormhole-xgrant-application)

![](https://images.ctfassets.net/n8aw1cra6v98/2L2U3b2GODFsCAKI0cygzn/556b1b79624c82f86dcee9c8cec9acf6/wormicon.svg?w=828&q=75)

### Encode x Wormhole Educate Series

24th June to 22nd July: Participate in weekly workshops led by Wormhole
educators, perfect for all experience levels.

Learn, hack, and scale with Encode Club/Wormhole in 2024

[Register now](https://www.encode.club/encode-wormhole-
educate/?utm_source=blog&utm_medium=content&utm_campaign=e0412_external_&utm_content=qmmo6a)

![](https://images.ctfassets.net/n8aw1cra6v98/1pVIfWMkIoEilsh8MuNJtb/87ec71484c3ec9c5a397c3cb48de2079/Encode_01-06_3.svg?w=828&q=75)

### Wormhole Base Camp Accelerator

Wormhole Base Camp is a 12-week accelerator program for startups looking to
build projects, protocols, or companies that utilize Wormhole. The program is
run by Outlier Ventures and participating teams will receive up to $200K USD
in funding.

[Apply now](https://outlierventures.io/base-camp/wormhole-base-camp/)

![](https://images.ctfassets.net/n8aw1cra6v98/50mCvAHWw4CCjVnelNtfoq/b12f30cde16f98120ed097bf5aa8a690/Frame_427320712.svg?w=828&q=75)

### Got a big idea? Tell us all about it.

Share your idea. If it makes sense for Wormhole, you will be contacted to
discuss a customized grant.

[Submit a grant idea](/wormhole-xgrant-application)

![Image](https://images.ctfassets.net/n8aw1cra6v98/2fP8M06oPDd6atrcKaUHOQ/0fcc04374046f970de7dfb7fe86574e5/worm.svg)

#### Future-proof, permissionless tooling to empower multichain builders

[Start Building](https://docs.wormhole.com/)

Subscribe for updates

Subscribe

[![x or twitter](/assets/x.svg)](https://twitter.com/wormhole)[![x or
twitter](/assets/discord.svg)](https://discord.gg/wormholecrypto)[![x or
twitter](/assets/telegram.svg)](https://t.me/wormholecrypto)[![x or
twitter](/assets/github.svg)](https://github.com/wormhole-
foundation/wormhole)[![x or
twitter](/assets/some.svg)](https://docs.wormhole.com/)[![x or
twitter](/assets/youtube.svg)](https://www.youtube.com/@wormholecrypto)

Products

[connect](/products/connect)[SDK](/products/sdk)[native token
transfers](/products/native-token-
transfers)[Queries](/products/queries)[Messaging](/products/messaging)

Ecosystem

[Multichain apps](/ecosystem/multichain-apps)[W
Token](/ecosystem/w-token)[Ecosystem Programs](/ecosystem/ecosystem-
programs)[Case Studies](/case-studies)

Developers

[Documentation](https://docs.wormhole.com/wormhole)[Github](https://github.com/wormhole-
foundation)[Bug Bounties](https://immunefi.com/bug-
bounty/wormhole/)[Wormholescan](https://wormholescan.io/)

Platform

[Blockchains](/platform/blockchains)[Security](/platform/security)[Gateway](/platform/gateway)

Community

[Hub](/community/hub)[Blog](/blog)[Brand and Press](/brand-and-press)

2024 Ⓒ Wormhole. All Rights Reserved.

[Terms of use](/pages/terms-of-use)[Privacy Policy](/pages/data-protection-
and-privacy-policy)

