[![Helium Logo](/_next/static/media/logosymbol.e32f55d5.svg)](/)

Build![Down arrow](/_next/static/media/navarrow.68f4a5a0.svg)

[HotspotsBuild the network and mine HNT](/mine)

[TokenExplore HNT and Data Credits](/token)

[Helium 5GDeploy 5G Coverage on Helium](/5G)

Use IoT![Down arrow](/_next/static/media/navarrow.68f4a5a0.svg)

[CommercialConnect your devices to the Network](/commercial)

[RoamAdd our coverage to yours](/roam)

[SolutionsDiscover solutions built on Helium](/solutions)

[Developer DocumentationTechnical Information, FAQ and
Support](https://docs.helium.com)

[Featured ProductsIOT sensors from popular manufacturers](/featured-products)

Resources![Down arrow](/_next/static/media/navarrow.68f4a5a0.svg)

[BlogRead our news and announcements](https://blog.helium.com)

[Helium ExplorerNetwork Map](https://explorer.helium.com)

[CommunityJoin the Helium Discord](https://discord.gg/helium)

[Ecosystem](/ecosystem)[Case Studies](/stories)

![Menu](/_next/static/media/menuwhite.97522b9f.svg)

![Cross](/_next/static/media/cross.97e56514.svg)

Build ![Diagonal Down Arrow](/_next/static/media/dropdownarrow.10ee975b.svg)

[Hotspots](/mine)[Token](/token)[Helium 5G](/5G)

Use IoT ![Diagonal Down Arrow](/_next/static/media/dropdownarrow.10ee975b.svg)

[Commercial](/commercial)[Roam](/roam)[Solutions](/solutions)[Developer
Documentation](https://docs.helium.com)[Featured Products](/featured-products)

Resources ![Diagonal Down
Arrow](/_next/static/media/dropdownarrow.10ee975b.svg)

[Blog](https://blog.helium.com)[Helium
Explorer](https://explorer.helium.com)[Community](https://discord.gg/helium)

[Ecosystem](/ecosystem)[Case Studies](/stories)

# Featured IOT Network Products

Discover a variety of LoRaWAN sensors from popular manufactures in the Helium
ecosystem.

### Tracking & Logistics

Easy Onboarding*

![Illustration of Rak Tracker on a box](/_next/static/media/rak-
tracker.3f240e15.png)

Rak Sticker Tracker

Lightweight, label-like device easily attached to products for tracking and
temperature. Software subscriptions available for easy onboarding and data
visualization dashboards.

[Shop all Frequencies](https://store.rakwireless.com/products/rak2270-rak-
sticker-tracker?variant=43194331791558)

Easy Onboarding*

![Seeed Tracker](/_next/static/media/seeed-tracker.35ee31af.jpg)

Seeed T1000 Tracker

Compact GPS tracker for precise indoor & outdoor location tracking. This
compact tracker supports frequency switching for multi-region deployments and
is equipped with GPS, Bluetooth, and Wi-Fi for positioning.

[Shop all Frequencies](https://www.seeedstudio.com/SenseCAP-Card-
Tracker-T1000-A-p-5697.html)

![Oyster 3 device and associated
app](/_next/static/media/oyster3-app.addaf565.jpg)

Digital Matter Oyster

Ultra-rugged waterproof GPS device with high precision and battery
performance. Used for anti-theft, logistics, and more. Data management
dashboards sold separately.

[Shop US 915](https://www.lonestartracking.com/tracking-devices/oyster-lora-
gps-tracking-device-915mhz/)

[Shop EU 868](https://hexaspot.com/products/digital-matter-oyster3-lorawan-
gps-tracker)

### For the Home

![Dragino environment and cold chain temperature
transmitter](/_next/static/media/dragino-temperature.2e8f0e13.png)

Dragino Environmental & Cold Chain Temperature Transmitters

Monitoring temperature for food management, cold chain, industrial monitoring
and control, and logistics.

[Shop US 915](https://parleylabs.com/ltc2-lt-industrial-lorawan-temperature-
transmitter-low-temperature/)

[Shop EU 868](https://invibitshop.com/collections/temperature-
humidity/products/dragino-ltc2-fs-industrial-temperature-transmitter-food-
safety-eu868?_pos=3&_sid=f491d874c&_ss=r)

![Milesight leak detector](/_next/static/media/milesight-leak.98af34a6.jpg)

Milesight leak detector

Detect the presence of water for applications like gas pipe leakage, basement
flooding, pump failure, and more.

[Shop US 915](https://www.embeddedworks.net/sens855/)

[Shop EU 868](https://connectedthings.store/gb/lorawan-sensors/water-
sensors/milesight-zone-water-leakage-detector.html)

![Elsys Room Sensor](/_next/static/media/elsys-sensor.5c47771b.png)

Elsys Environment Room Sensors

ERS is a sensor for measuring the indoor environment in homes, offices and
smart buildings. Monitor environmental metrics including temperature,
humidity, light and motion.

[Shop all Frequencies](https://connectedthings.store/gb/lorawan-sensors/elsys-
ers-smart-building-sensor.html)

### Agriculture

Easy Onboarding*

![Soil and moisture sensor](/_next/static/media/seeed-soil-
moisture.8de20e91.jpg)

Seeed Studio Soil Moisture and Temperature

Soil moisture and temperature monitoring for smart agriculture, used to
optimize conditions and irrigation. This device supports all LoRaWAN
frequencies.

[Shop all Frequencies](https://www.seeedstudio.com/SenseCAP-S2104-LoRaWAN-
Soil-Temperature-and-Moisture-Sensor-p-5357.html)

Easy Onboarding*

![Weather station](/_next/static/media/seeed-weather-station.c0bdbc2e.png)

Seeed Studio Weather Station

Hyperlocal weather data for applications like backyard, garden, agriculture,
meteorology, urban environmental monitoring, and more. This device supports
all LoRaWAN frequencies.

[Shop all
Frequencies](https://www.seeedstudio.com/sensecap-s2120-lorawan-8-in-1-weather-
sensor-p-5436.html?queryID=67771265c34ee082d8b5a5e84067d51e&objectID=5436&indexName=bazaar_retailer_products)

![Distance Detector](/_next/static/media/dragino-distance-
detection.37b1103f.png)

Dragino Distance Detection

Dragino LDDS75 distance detection is used to measure the distance between
sensor and flat object. Ultrasonic sensing can be applied to liquid level
measurement, object proximity and presence detection, intelligent trash can
management, automatic control, and more.

[Shop US 915](https://parleylabs.com/ldds75-lorawan-distance-detection-
sensor-8500mah-us915/)

[Shop EU 868](https://invibitshop.com/products/dragino-ldds75-lorawan-
distance-detection-sensor-eu868?_pos=3&_sid=bcbf90d3f&_ss=r)

### DePIN Applications

Easy Onboarding*

![DIMO app being used in a car](/_next/static/media/dimo-app.b7088a8c.jpg)

Connect your Car with DIMO

Own your data, check car health, track location, and earn rewards. DIMO
devices plug into your vehicle and include three years of connectivity. Easy
onboarding with the DIMO app.

[Shop all Frequencies](https://drivedimo.com/products/macaron)

Easy Onboarding*

![WeatherXM Logo](/_next/static/media/weatherxm.21bbf54d.jpg)

Localized weather data with WeatherXM

Hyperlocal, accurate weather forecasts. All-in-one autonomous weather station
measuring temperature, humidity, solar radiation, pressure, wind speed +
direction, and precipitation.

[Shop all Frequencies](https://weatherxm.com/product/ws2000-helium-lorawan/)

### Hotspots

Helium sensors need coverage to connect. Check your [public
coverage](https://explorer.helium.com/), or deploy a Hotspot with your sensors
to connect your applications.

![SenseCAP M2](/_next/static/media/sensecap-m2.3cb5a55c.jpg)

Seeed Studio SenseCAP M2

High-performance indoor gateway. Gateways provide connectivity for Seeed
Studioâ€™s wide variety of LoRaWAN sensors.

[Shop all Frequencies](https://www.seeedstudio.com/SenseCAP-M2-Light-Hotspot-
and-Software-License.html)

![RAK Hotspot V2](/_next/static/media/rak-v2.55ba86db.png)

RAK Hotspot V2

The RAK Hotspot and RAK2270 Sticker bundle allows you to set up coverage and
try out asset tracking with a small and versatile tracker.

[Shop all Frequencies](https://store.rakwireless.com/products/rak-
hotspot-v2-with-free-rak2270-sticker-the-ultimate-tracking-
bundle?variant=43023959687366)

* Helium follows regional guidelines for frequency selection. If you are unsure which frequency you need to use for sensors and Hotspots in your region, consult the LoRaWAN Region Plans.

* Easy Onboarding indicates the sensor can be purchased with a subscription to an application with low-friction onboarding. Scan a QR code or input device keys to quickly connect to the network and visualize your data.

Interested in featuring a product?

Send us an email at [membership@helium.foundation
->](mailto:membership@helium.foundation)

![Mail Icon](/_next/static/media/mail.10c7a2c0.svg)

## Get Ecosystem Updates to Your Inbox

* * *

##### Learn

[Home](/)[Ecosystem](/ecosystem)[Solutions](/solutions)[Blog](https://blog.helium.com)[Whitepaper](http://whitepaper.helium.com)

##### Get Involved

[Mine](/mine)[Use](/commercial)[Roam](/roam)[Switch from 3G](/switch)[HNT and
Data Credits](/token)[Developers](https://docs.helium.com)[Helium Mobile](/5G)

##### Social

[Discord](https://discord.gg/helium)[Twitter](https://twitter.com/helium)[Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/heliumsystems)[LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/company/heliuminc)[Github](https://github.com/helium)[YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/c/HeliumInc)[Reddit](https://www.reddit.com/r/HeliumNetwork)[Instagram](https://www.instagram.com/helium/)

##### Get in Touch

[hello@helium.foundation](mailto:hello@helium.foundation)[press@helium.foundation](mailto:press@helium.foundation)

* * *

![Helium Logo](/_next/static/media/logo-horizontalwhite.ecf69e9c.svg)

[Privacy Policy](/privacy)[Website Terms](/website-terms)

