This website uses cookies to offer you a better browsing experience. Find out
more on how we use cookies.

Opt-out[Details](/privacy-policy#collection-of-information)

Accept

[![Solana](/_next/static/media/logotype.e4df684f.svg)](/)

  * [Breakpoint](/breakpoint)
  * [Travel](/breakpoint/travel)
  * [FAQ](/breakpoint/faq)
  * [Tickets](/breakpoint/tickets)
  * [Sponsor](https://solanafoundation.typeform.com/2024sponsorship)

![](/_next/image?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Fbreakpoint-
hero-2024.6d87d7b4.jpg&w=3840&q=75)

# Breakpoint FAQ

Breakpoint

## General

Where is Breakpoint located this year?

**Breakpoint 2024 will be located at**[Suntec
Singapore](https://www.suntecsingapore.com/visit)**.  **

What is included in Breakpoint?

A Breakpoint ticket includes talks, workshops, in-person experiences,
celebrations, and opportunities to connect with the entire Solana ecosystem.

What is the Breakpoint schedule?

A full schedule will be released closer to the event start, but if you need
help planning your trip, here’s a high level timetable:

  * _19 Sept | 3pm-7pm SGT: Welcome + Badge Pick-up_
  *  _20 Sept | 10am - 7pm SGT: Breakpoint Day 1_
  * 21 Sept | 11am - 7pm SGT: Breakpoint Day 2 + 10pm - 3am SGT: Closing Celebration

How do I apply to speak at Breakpoint?

Share your**big
announcements**[**here**](https://solanafoundation.typeform.com/announcements)
– whether you’re interested in announcing this on a Breakpoint stage or just
need support amplifying your announcement.

You can apply to speak on the **Developer
Stage**[**here**](https://solanafoundation.typeform.com/developerstage).

We’ll also have multiple agoras / workshop spaces that you can sign up for
closer to the event. More info to come.

Breakpoint

## Tickets

Are there any special ticket tiers, grant programs, or discounts on Breakpoint
tickets?

Don’t worry — Breakpoint is for builders, and the Solana Foundation wants to
ensure that it’s within reach to almost everyone in the Solana community.

Applications for
[developer](https://solanafoundation.typeform.com/developerticket),
[artist](https://solanafoundation.typeform.com/artist-ticket), and
[student](https://solanafoundation.typeform.com/student-ticket) programs are
available with the support of the larger Solana ecosystem.

Are travel and accommodation part of my ticket?

Breakpoint attendees are responsible for making their own travel and
accommodation — but there are plenty of hotels in Singapore! The Solana
Foundation has worked with multiple hotels across Singapore to offer
discounted rates on hotels during Breakpoint. For more information on how to
book, visit the [travel page](/breakpoint/travel).

I can no longer attend Breakpoint. Can I get a refund?

We’re sorry to hear that! Tickets are non-refundable, but are transferable.
Please email [breakpoint@solana.org](mailto:breakpoint@solana.org) to transfer
your ticket.

Breakpoint

## More

Do you have hotel recommendations?

The Solana Foundation has worked with multiple hotels across Singapore to
offer discounted rates on hotels during Breakpoint. For more information on
how to book, visit the [travel page](/breakpoint/travel).

Will there be side events? Can I host one?

Projects in the Solana ecosystem often put on their own side events around
Breakpoint, from workshops to happy hours to celebrations. Side events will be
posted to this website as Breakpoint gets closer.

Press-related inquiries?

Please email [press@solana.org](mailto:press@solana.org).

Additional questions?

Please email [breakpoint@solana.org](mailto:breakpoint@solana.org).

![](https://cdn.builder.io/api/v1/pixel?apiKey=ce0c7323a97a4d91bd0baa7490ec9139)

[Solana Foundation Events Code of Conduct](/breakpoint/code-of-conduct)

Managed by

[](/)

[](/youtube)[](/twitter)[](/discord)[](/reddit)[](/github)[](/telegram)

© 2024 Solana Foundation. All rights reserved.

Solana

  * [Grants](https://solana.org/grants)
  * [Break Solana](https://break.solana.com/)
  * [Media Kit](/branding)
  * [Careers](https://jobs.solana.com/)
  * [Disclaimer](/tos)
  * [Privacy Policy](/privacy-policy)

Get Connected

  * [Ecosystem](/ecosystem)
  * [Blog](/news)
  * [Newsletter](/newsletter)

en

© 2024 Solana Foundation. All rights reserved.

