Metaco.com will be sunset as of June 7, 2024

[Learn more](https://ripple.com/solutions/digital-asset-custody/ "Learn more")

Skip to main content

[![Metaco](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/logo.svg?x88149)![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/logo-w.svg?x88149)](https://www.metaco.com)

  * Solutions __

__Solutions

Solutions

    * [__Global Custodians Build tomorrow's market infrastructure ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/global-custodians-top-tier-banks/)
    * [__Universal Banks Satisfy demand for new asset classes ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/universal-banks/)
    * [__Neobanks & FintechsFind new routes to monetization ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/neobanks-fintechs/)
    * [__Regulated Exchanges Grow volumes and profit margins ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/regulated-exchanges/)
    * [__Corporates Boost customer loyalty and engagement ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/corporates/)

  * Platform __

__Platform

Platform

Deploy ambitious digital asset use cases with the most secure and versatile
infrastructure.

    * [__Harmonize™ Platform Overview Issue, store, trade, transfer, settle and service any type of digital asset. ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/harmonize/)
    * [__Custody Hot, warm and institutional cold storage ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/custody/)
    * [__Trading Powerful order execution, funding and settlement ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/trading/)
    * [__Web3 Web3 Portal spanning NFTs, DeFi and DApps ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/web3/)
    * [__Governance Entirely customizable risk and compliance controls ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/governance/)
    * [__Orchestration A single source of truth for managing all digital assets ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/orchestration/)
    * [__Tokenization Asset-agnostic smart contract management framework ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/tokenization/)
    * [__Integration Fully integrable platform following enterprise standards ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/integration/)
    * [__Security Highest protection against insider and external threats ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/security/)

  * Company __

__Company

Company

    * [__About](https://www.metaco.com/company/about/)
    * [__Media & news](https://www.metaco.com/company/media-coverage-press-releases/)
    * [__Careers](https://www.metaco.com/careers/)

  * Resources __

__Resources

Resources

    * [__Talks](https://www.metaco.com/resources/talks/)
    * [__Webinars](https://www.metaco.com/resources/webinars/)
    * [__Case studies](https://www.metaco.com/resources/case-studies/)
    * [__Reports](https://www.metaco.com/resources/reports/)
    * [__Blog](https://www.metaco.com/resources/blog/)

[Contact](https://www.metaco.com/contact/ "Contact")

[Blog](https://www.metaco.com/category/blog/)

# The Evolution of Loyalty With Tokenization

  *  __ December 13, 2023
  *  __12 min

Share

  * [ __](https://www.linkedin.com/sharing/share-offsite/?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.metaco.com%2Fblog%2Fthe-evolution-of-loyalty-with-tokenization%2F)
  * [__](https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Metaco+https%3A%2F%2Fwww.metaco.com%2Fblog%2Fthe-evolution-of-loyalty-with-tokenization%2F+via+%40metaco_sa)

In the realm of customer engagement and rewards, the evolution from
traditional loyalty programs—epitomized by credit card points and coffee shop
punch cards operating on legacy systems—to innovative applications of
blockchain and cryptocurrency is strikingly evident. It wasn’t too long ago
that PayPal made its largest acquisition with Honey for $4 billion in 2019, to
enmesh Honey’s loyalty and rewards program with its payment rails.

Well-known brands across various sectors, including finance, consumer goods,
and hospitality, are rapidly embracing technologies like the blockchain,
exploring their potential to enhance business and customer experiences.

Although blockchain and cryptocurrency have been around for some time, their
full potential in loyalty rewards programs is still unfolding. The shift
towards web3-based initiatives, primarily driven by tokenization, has been
particularly noticeable in the last twelve months, signaling a transformative
change in how traditional enterprises perceive and implement loyalty.

Reports indicate a 36-fold increase in news mentions of NFTs related to
customer loyalty from Q1 of 2021 to Q3 of 2022 _[1]_.

Starbucks’ Odyssey program _[2]_ , SailGP’s hybrid loyalty initiative _[3]_ ,
Lacoste’s token-exclusive virtual store _[4]_ , Scotch & Soda’s NFT-based
loyalty program _[5]_ , and Cha Cha Matcha’s comprehensive web3 loyalty scheme
_[6]_are all prime examples of this trend _[7]_.

Additionally, major players like Mastercard _[8]_ and Visa _[9]_are also
diving into this space; Mastercard has leveraged NFTs to enhance musicians’
visibility and created the Artist Accelerator program to support artists’
growth. Visa has initiated several programs aimed at engaging fans in crypto
and commerce, including launching a 2022 FIFA World Cup NFT collection and a
one-year immersive program for creators in various fields to build sustainable
businesses using NFTs.

These initiatives underscore the evolving nature of customer engagement, as
they integrate blockchain and tokenization to redefine and enhance loyalty
programs. Yet, this diversity also prompts an essential inquiry: what exactly
defines web3 loyalty, and how does its implementation vary across different
brands and sectors? This blog aims to explore these questions, shedding light
on how tokenization can revolutionize loyalty programs.

### Loyalty and rewards programs not realizing their full potential

Today’s consumers are no strangers to loyalty programs, accumulating points
through credit cards, airlines, and local cafes. These programs represent a
multi-billion-dollar industry, yet they are frequently hindered by antiquated
structures and limited customer engagement _[10]_.

Customers yearn for more than just transactions; they seek personalized
experiences and meaningful connections with brands. Unfortunately, current
programs often fall short, plagued by complexity and a lack of
interoperability, leaving consumers frustrated and disengaged. Loyalty and
rewards programs are grappling with several challenges that hinder their
effectiveness and ability to fully engage customers.

  * **Account inactivity:** A predominant issue is account inactivity, where customers sign up but don’t actively participate, leading to low redemption rates. This scenario illustrates a lack of engagement and perceived value in the rewards offered. 
  * **Inefficiency:** Additionally, time delays in accruing and redeeming points can deter customers from using the programs, while high transaction and system management costs escalate operational expenses for businesses.
  * **Acquisition costs:** Customer acquisition costs are also substantial, as brands invest heavily to attract new participants to their loyalty programs. 
  * **Retention:** Despite these investments, maintaining high client retention rates remains a significant hurdle. Many programs struggle to keep customers interested and invested over time, leading to a drop in program participation. 

Ultimately, these challenges culminate in loyalty and rewards programs not
realizing their full potential, necessitating a reevaluation and redesign of
these schemes to enhance their appeal, efficiency, and overall effectiveness.
In fact in a recent PwC survey _[11]_ of more than 400 executives:

  1. 70% said that the digital distribution of their loyalty programs improved customer loyalty. 
  2. Over 60% increased their loyalty program budgets in the past planning cycle given favorable performance.  
  3. More than 90% agreed that their loyalty programs should provide more rewards or benefits.

### Loyalty and rewards programs reimagined: through Decentralized Identities,
NFTs, and Stablecoins

Decentralized Identities (DiDs) _[12]_ offer a secure and professional way to
manage personal information on the blockchain. They work like digital
passports, safeguarding your data while allowing you to easily prove certain
details about yourself.

Zero-knowledge proofs add an extra layer of security, enabling you to verify
information without revealing the details. For example, confirming your
eligibility for a service without showing your personal data.

When DiDs are used as Non-Fungible Tokens (NFTs), they become a versatile tool
for accessing various loyalty programs seamlessly and securely, ensuring your
personal information stays protected throughout the process. This innovative
approach streamlines user experience while upholding a high standard of data
privacy and security.

Stablecoins, commonly linked to major global currencies, hold untapped
potential far beyond their typical use in payments and trading. By envisioning
a future where brand loyalty programs predominantly operate with Decentralized
Identities (DiDs) and NFTs, we open doors to innovative applications of
stablecoins. In sectors like the airline industry, we could see a shift where
loyalty points, such as airline miles, are tokenized on the blockchain.

Imagine a scenario in which you’re a frequent flier with various airlines, and
instead of filling out lengthy forms for each loyalty program, you have a
Decentralized Identity (DiD) that securely stores all your personal
information. This DiD, enhanced with zero-knowledge proofs (zk-proofs), allows
you to verify your membership status or personal details without revealing any
sensitive information.

For instance, if an airline offers a special discount to passengers over 30,
you could use your DiD to verify your age eligibility. The zk-proof would
confirm to the airline that you are indeed over 30, all without disclosing
your exact age.

This DiD, now minted as a Non-Fungible Token (NFT), acts as a universal
passport across various loyalty programs.

So, whether you’re booking a flight, accessing exclusive airport lounges, or
earning frequent flier miles, your DiD NFT streamlines the process, enhancing
security and convenience. With this system, joining a new loyalty program
becomes as simple as connecting your digital wallet, significantly reducing
time and potential security risks associated with traditional sign-up methods.

This creates a seamless, secure, and efficient way of managing and redeeming
rewards, all tied to a customer’s unique digital identity. These tokens,
essentially functioning as stablecoins, would maintain a consistent value,
ensuring stability and trust in the loyalty program.

This not only eliminates the need for companies to set aside capital for
rewards but also fosters a user-friendly ecosystem. Customers benefit from
transparent tracking of their loyalty points, simplified redemption processes,
and the possibility of participating in a broader, interoperable marketplace.

The integration of stablecoins into loyalty programs signifies a progressive
step towards a more interconnected and user-centric rewards ecosystem,
enhancing the customer experience and potentially leading to significant cost
efficiencies for businesses.

![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/12/metaco-blog-
website-650-1-1.jpg?x88149)

### Crafting Loyalty Ecosystems with Smart Contracts

Blockchain enables the creation of interconnected loyalty ecosystems, breaking
down silos between different programs and brands. This interconnectedness
allows for seamless point transfers and redemption, enhancing the user
experience.

Tokenizing loyalty rewards points with crypto solutions can revolutionize
customer experience by creating interoperable loyalty economies.

Brands can collaborate, offering customers a richer array of rewards and
benefits. This not only boosts customer engagement but also creates a network
effect, attracting more participants and partners to the ecosystem.

Imagine a scenario where an airline, a car rental service, and a hotel chain
all employ crypto-enabled loyalty programs, utilizing Decentralized Identities
(DiDs) and ensuring constant value for their tokenized loyalty points. These
entities could collaboratively establish a loyalty marketplace, enabling
customers to seamlessly redeem points across services, enhancing the overall
travel experience.

### Path to Implementation

The tokenization of loyalty programs represents a transformative leap forward,
harnessing the power of blockchain to create more engaging, valuable, and
user-friendly experiences. As companies navigate this evolution, the potential
for innovation is vast, promising a future where loyalty programs are not just
a transactional tool, but a cornerstone of customer engagement and brand
loyalty.  
This interconnected loyalty ecosystem not only offers customers flexibility
and convenience but also incentivizes them to remain within this network of
services, potentially fostering greater customer loyalty and generating
consistent revenue streams for the participating businesses.  

However, potential disparities in the redemption value of points between
different services necessitate a solution. Smart contracts and the
interoperability of crypto wallets provide this, enabling automatic conversion
of loyalty points at agreed-upon rates, ensuring smooth transactions across
services.

Loyalty rewards programs are poised for significant evolution, with industries
ranging from banking and employment to retail exploring crypto-integrated
solutions to enhance user experience. These programs, leveraging Decentralized
Identities (DiDs) and other crypto technologies, offer personalized rewards,
employee incentives, and direct product discounts, showcasing the vast
potential of this innovation.

Companies looking to implement crypto-enabled loyalty programs have various
pathways, including developing in-house solutions, partnering with fintechs,
or utilizing existing platforms and industry relationships.

The crux of this evolution lies in bridging the gap between perceived and
actual customer loyalty, as companies strive to provide unparalleled value and
experiences in a digital age.

Embracing crypto technologies for loyalty programs could be a strategic move
to ensure customer engagement, retention, and long-term loyalty, ultimately
benefiting both the consumers and the businesses involved.

###### _[1] “How restaurants can capture high-value customers using NFT ….” 11
Nov. 2022,[ https://www.cbinsights.com/research/report/future-of-fast-food-
nft-loyalty-programs/](https://www.cbinsights.com/research/report/future-of-
fast-food-nft-loyalty-programs/). Accessed 29 Oct. 2023._

###### _[2] “The Starbucks Odyssey Begins.” 8 Dec. 2022,[
https://stories.starbucks.com/stories/2022/the-starbucks-odyssey-
begins/](https://stories.starbucks.com/stories/2022/the-starbucks-odyssey-
begins/). Accessed 29 Oct. 2023._

###### _[3] “SailGP, NEAR and Oracle building first-of-its-kind
Web3-integrated ….”[ https://sailgp.com/news/22/sailgp-oracle-near-loyalty-
program-future-fandom-web2-web3/](https://sailgp.com/news/22/sailgp-oracle-
near-loyalty-program-future-fandom-web2-web3/). Accessed 29 Oct. 2023._

###### _[4] “Lacoste’s New Virtual Store Has Exclusive Perks for Ethereum NFT
….” 26 Jul. 2023,[ https://decrypt.co/150014/lacoste-new-virtual-store-
exclusive-perks-ethereum-nft-holders](https://decrypt.co/150014/lacoste-new-
virtual-store-exclusive-perks-ethereum-nft-holders). Accessed 29 Oct. 2023._

###### _[5] “Scotch & Soda launches NFT-driven loyalty programme.” 22 Sept.
2022, <https://fashionunited.uk/news/business/scotch-soda-launches-nft-driven-
loyalty-programme/2022092265272>. Accessed 29 Oct. 2023._

###### _[6] “Cha Cha Matcha Launches First-Of-Its-Kind Web3 Loyalty Program.”
18 Jan. 2023,[ https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/cha-cha-matcha-
launches-first-of-its-kind-web3-loyalty-
program-301724118.html](https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/cha-cha-
matcha-launches-first-of-its-kind-web3-loyalty-program-301724118.html).
Accessed 29 Oct. 2023._

###### _[7] “Loyalty in Web3. Tokens are the entry point to evolved… | Coinmonks.”[ https://medium.com/coinmonks/loyalty-in-web3-aa882ef50d44](https://medium.com/coinmonks/loyalty-in-web3-aa882ef50d44). Accessed 29 Oct. 2023._

###### _[8] “Mastercard Music Pass NFT opens access to groundbreaking Web3 ….”
13 Apr. 2023,[ https://www.mastercard.com/news/ap/en/newsroom/press-
releases/en/2023/mastercard-music-pass-nft-opens-access-to-groundbreaking-
web3-training-program-for-emerging-musical-
artists/](https://www.mastercard.com/news/ap/en/newsroom/press-
releases/en/2023/mastercard-music-pass-nft-opens-access-to-groundbreaking-
web3-training-program-for-emerging-musical-artists/). Accessed 29 Oct. 2023._

###### _[9] “Visa and Crypto.com Fuse Football, Art and NFTs for Fan ….” 1
Nov. 2022,[ https://usa.visa.com/about-visa/newsroom/press-
releases.releaseId.19241.html](https://usa.visa.com/about-visa/newsroom/press-
releases.releaseId.19241.html). Accessed 29 Oct. 2023._

###### _[10] “Making blockchain real for customer loyalty rewards programs.”[
https://www2.deloitte.com/content/dam/Deloitte/us/Documents/financial-
services/us-fsi-making-blockchain-real-for-loyalty-rewards-
programs.pdf](https://www2.deloitte.com/content/dam/Deloitte/us/Documents/financial-
services/us-fsi-making-blockchain-real-for-loyalty-rewards-programs.pdf).
Accessed 29 Oct. 2023._

###### _[11] “How Can Crypto Evolve Brand Rewards and Loyalty? – Ripple.” 12
Oct. 2023,[ https://ripple.com/insights/how-can-crypto-evolve-brand-rewards-
and-loyalty/](https://ripple.com/insights/how-can-crypto-evolve-brand-rewards-
and-loyalty/). Accessed 29 Oct. 2023._

###### _[12] “How Can Crypto Evolve Brand Rewards and Loyalty? – Ripple.” 12
Oct. 2023,[ https://ripple.com/insights/how-can-crypto-evolve-brand-rewards-
and-loyalty/](https://ripple.com/insights/how-can-crypto-evolve-brand-rewards-
and-loyalty/). Accessed 29 Oct. 2023._

## Subscribe to future **Metaco insights**

[ Subscribe](https://go.metaco.com/l/1003211/2023-09-22/qzqx "Subscribe")

![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/footer.png?x88149)

[![Metaco](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/logo-w.svg?x88149)](https://www.metaco.com)

  * [Solutions](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/)
    * [Global Custodians](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/global-custodians-top-tier-banks/)
    * [Universal Banks](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/universal-banks/)
    * [Neobanks & Fintechs](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/neobanks-fintechs/)
    * [Regulated Exchanges](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/regulated-exchanges/)
    * [Corporates](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/corporates/)
  * [Platform](https://www.metaco.com/platform/)
    * [Harmonize™](https://www.metaco.com/platform/harmonize/)
    * [Custody](https://www.metaco.com/platform/custody/)
    * [Trading](https://www.metaco.com/platform/trading/)
    * [Web3](https://www.metaco.com/platform/web3/)
    * [Governance](https://www.metaco.com/platform/governance/)
    * [Orchestration](https://www.metaco.com/platform/orchestration/)
    * [Tokenization](https://www.metaco.com/platform/tokenization/)
    * [Integration](https://www.metaco.com/platform/integration/)
    * [Security](https://www.metaco.com/platform/security/)
  * [Company](https://www.metaco.com/company/media-coverage-press-releases/)
    * [About](https://www.metaco.com/company/about/)
    * [Media & news](https://www.metaco.com/company/media-coverage-press-releases/)
    * [Jobs](https://www.metaco.com/jobs/)
  * [Resources](https://www.metaco.com/resources/)
    * [Talks](https://www.metaco.com/resources/talks/)
    * [Webinars](https://www.metaco.com/resources/webinars/)
    * [Case studies](https://www.metaco.com/resources/case-studies/)
    * [Reports](https://www.metaco.com/resources/reports/)
    * [Blog](https://www.metaco.com/resources/blog/)

![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/10/sco2.png?x88149)![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/10/iso27001.png?x88149)

  * [__](https://www.twitter.com/metaco_sa "Twitter: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")
  * [__](https://www.linkedin.com/company/metaco-ag/ "Linkedin: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")
  * [__](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC4MLOKnJD9bXfHVXMnHM7ow "Youtube: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")
  * [__](https://open.spotify.com/show/0IiI7iftR3F3RqinfJbpRT "Spotify: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")

© 2015-2024 - Metaco SA - All Rights Reserved |[ Terms & Conditions](https://www.metaco.com/terms-conditions/) | [Privacy Policy](https://www.metaco.com/privacy-policy/) | [Cookie policy](https://www.metaco.com/cookie-policy/)

