[ New: Wallet recovery made easy with Ledger Recover, provided by Coincover
Get started ](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-recover)

[ ![Ledger Academy](https://www.ledger.com/wp-
content/themes/ledger-v2/public/images/ledger-academy-logo-long.svg)
](https://www.ledger.com/academy "Ledger Academy")

  * [ Shop Ledger ](https://shop.ledger.com/)
  * [ Learn and earn  ](https://quest.ledger.com)
  * [ Search __](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library)
  * [ Crypto Glossary ](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary)
  * Topics
    * [Blockchain](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/blockchain)
    * [Crypto](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/crypto)
    * [DAOs](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/daos)
    * [DeFi](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/defi)
    * [Economics and Regulation](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/economics-and-regulation)
    * [Ledger solutions](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/ledgersolutions)
    * [Metaverse](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/metaverse)
    * [NFTs](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/nfts)
    * [Scams](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/scams)
    * [Security](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/security)
    * [Tutorials](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/tutorials)
  * Series
    * [Enter The Donjon](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/enter-the-donjon)
    * [How I Got Hacked](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/how-i-got-hacked)
    * [Keep Your Crypto Safe](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/get-your-crypto-safe)
    * [Ledger How To's](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/ledger-how-tos)
    * [On The Ledger](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/on-the-ledger)
    * [Reading Room](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/reading-room)
    * [School of Block](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/school-of-block)
  * [Start learning](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-web-30-everything-you-need-to-know)
  * English
    * This page is available in English only

  * The Classroom __
    * A) Welcome to Web3
      * [What is Web 3.0?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-web-30-everything-you-need-to-know "What is Web 3.0?")
      * [What Is Blockchain?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-blockchain "What Is Blockchain?")
      * [Blockchain: Where It Started, Where It’s Going](https://www.ledger.com/academy/blockchain-generations-explained "Blockchain: Where It Started, Where It’s Going")
      * [What Is Cryptocurrency?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-cryptocurrency "What Is Cryptocurrency?")
      * [How Many Cryptocurrencies Are There?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/how-many-cryptos-are-there "How Many Cryptocurrencies Are There?")
    * B) How to secure your crypto
      * [What Is a Private Key?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/whats-a-private-key "What Is a Private Key?")
      * [What Is a Crypto Wallet?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/2-how-to-own-crypto/what-is-a-crypto-wallet "What Is a Crypto Wallet?")
      * [What is a Seed Phrase (Secret Recovery Phrase)?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/2-how-to-own-crypto/whats-a-secret-recovery-phrase "What is a Seed Phrase \(Secret Recovery Phrase\)?")
      * [Crypto Threats: How Crypto Gets Stolen](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/2-how-to-own-crypto/how-crypto-gets-stolen-risks-to-beware-of "Crypto Threats: How Crypto Gets Stolen")
    * C) What is Ledger?
      * [What is Ledger? The Ledger Ecosystem Explained](https://www.ledger.com/academy/ledger-nano-the-safest-way-to-manage-crypto "What is Ledger? The Ledger Ecosystem Explained")
      * [Ledger’s Security Model: How Are Ledger Devices Secured?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/ledgers-ecosystem/why-is-ledger-nano-so-secure "Ledger’s Security Model: How Are Ledger Devices Secured?")
      * [Ledger Live App: Buy, Sell, Stake and Swap Crypto](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/ledgers-ecosystem/ledger-live-app-buying-selling-staking-and-swapping-crypto "Ledger Live App: Buy, Sell, Stake and Swap Crypto")
    * D) Web3 security essentials
      * [Web3 Scams: Common Crypto Scams and How To Avoid Them](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/web3-security-essentials/web3-scams-explained "Web3 Scams: Common Crypto Scams and How To Avoid Them")
      * [Do Your Own Research (DYOR): How to Investigate Crypto Projects](https://www.ledger.com/academy/do-your-own-research-how-to-investigate-crypto-projects "Do Your Own Research \(DYOR\): How to Investigate Crypto Projects")
      * [How to Migrate Your Crypto to Ledger](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/web3-security-essentials/how-to-secure-your-crypto-on-a-ledger-nano "How to Migrate Your Crypto to Ledger")
    * E) Digital Assets Explained
      * [Crypto Coins and Tokens: Their Use-Cases Explained](https://www.ledger.com/academy/crypto/what-is-the-difference-between-coins-and-tokens "Crypto Coins and Tokens: Their Use-Cases Explained")
      * [What Are Stablecoins?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-are-stablecoins "What Are Stablecoins?")
      * [What Are Memecoins?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-are-memecoins "What Are Memecoins?")
      * [Digital Assets Beyond Currency](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/blockchain/digital-assets-beyond-currency-explained "Digital Assets Beyond Currency")
    * F) Blockchain Basics
      * [How Does a Blockchain Transaction Work?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/how-does-a-blockchain-transaction-work "How Does a Blockchain Transaction Work?")
      * [Crypto Nodes: What Are They And How Do They Work?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-a-node-and-why-should-i-operate-one "Crypto Nodes: What Are They And How Do They Work?")
      * [What Is a Mempool?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-a-mempool "What Is a Mempool?")
      * [Consensus Mechanisms: How Blockchains Stay Secure](https://www.ledger.com/academy/consensus-protocols-how-are-blockchains-secure "Consensus Mechanisms: How Blockchains Stay Secure")
    * G) Wallet Knowledge (Leveling Up)
      * [What Is a Software Wallet?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/what-is-a-software-wallet "What Is a Software Wallet?")
      * [What Is a Hardware Wallet?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/crypto-hardware-wallet "What Is a Hardware Wallet?")
      * [What Is a Cold Wallet?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/what-is-a-cold-wallet "What Is a Cold Wallet?")
      * [How To Choose a Crypto Wallet](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/choose-the-best-crypto-wallet-for-you "How To Choose a Crypto Wallet")
    * H) Buy it, Sell it, Swap it, Earn it
      * [Why Use Ledger Live For Payments and Transactions?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/the-power-of-ledger-live "Why Use Ledger Live For Payments and Transactions?")
      * [Buying Crypto Through Ledger Live](https://www.ledger.com/academy/benefits-of-buying-crypto-through-ledger-live "Buying Crypto Through Ledger Live")
      * [How To Swap Your Crypto Securely Via Ledger Live](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/ledgersolutions/ledger-swap-the-most-secure-way-to-exchange-your-crypto "How To Swap Your Crypto Securely Via Ledger Live")
      * [Earn Crypto With Ledger Live: Staking Made Easy](https://www.ledger.com/academy/earn-crypto-with-ledger-live-staking-made-easy "Earn Crypto With Ledger Live: Staking Made Easy")
    * I) Blockchain Sleuthing: Become a Crypto Detective
      * [What is a Blockchain Sleuth?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/what-is-a-blockchain-sleuth "What is a Blockchain Sleuth?")
      * [Top Blockchain Sleuths: How 5 Crypto Detectives Rose To Fame](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/top-blockchain-sleuths "Top Blockchain Sleuths: How 5 Crypto Detectives Rose To Fame")
      * [Through the Eyes of a Sleuth: The Nomad Bridge Hack](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/nomad-bridge-hack "Through the Eyes of a Sleuth: The Nomad Bridge Hack")
      * [Best Tools For Blockchain Detectives](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/blockchain-detective-tools "Best Tools For Blockchain Detectives")
      * [How to Catch Criminals on the Blockchain](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/how-to-catch-crypto-criminals "How to Catch Criminals on the Blockchain")
    * J) Wallet Knowledge II - The Evolution of Crypto Storage
      * [Public Vs Private Keys: Understanding PKC in Crypto](https://www.ledger.com/academy/blockchain/what-are-public-keys-and-private-keys "Public Vs Private Keys: Understanding PKC in Crypto")
      * [BIP-32: Understanding Hierarchical Deterministic Wallets](https://www.ledger.com/academy/crypto/what-are-hierarchical-deterministic-hd-wallets "BIP-32: Understanding Hierarchical Deterministic Wallets")
      * [Understanding BIP-39: The Origin of Your Seed Phrase](https://www.ledger.com/academy/bip-39-the-low-key-guardian-of-your-crypto-freedom "Understanding BIP-39: The Origin of Your Seed Phrase")
      * [How Does A Crypto Wallet Work?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/how-does-a-crypto-wallet-work "How Does A Crypto Wallet Work?")
  * Topics __
    * [Blockchain](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/blockchain "Blockchain")
    * [Crypto](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/crypto "Crypto")
    * [DAOs](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/daos "DAOs")
    * [DeFi](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/defi "DeFi")
    * [Economics and Regulation](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/economics-and-regulation "Economics and Regulation")
    * [Ledger solutions](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/ledgersolutions "Ledger solutions")
    * [Metaverse](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/metaverse "Metaverse")
    * [NFTs](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/nfts "NFTs")
    * [Scams](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/scams "Scams")
    * [Security](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/security "Security")
    * [Tutorials](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/tutorials "Tutorials")
  * Series __
    * [Enter The Donjon](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/enter-the-donjon "Enter The Donjon")
    * [How I Got Hacked](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/how-i-got-hacked "How I Got Hacked")
    * [Keep Your Crypto Safe](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/get-your-crypto-safe "Keep Your Crypto Safe")
    * [Ledger How To's](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/ledger-how-tos "Ledger How To's")
    * [On The Ledger](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/on-the-ledger "On The Ledger")
    * [Reading Room](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/reading-room "Reading Room")
    * [School of Block](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/school-of-block "School of Block")
  * [ Shop Ledger ](https://shop.ledger.com/ "Shop Ledger")
  * [ Learn and earn  ](https://quest.ledger.com "Learn and earn")
  * [ Search __](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library "Search")
  * [ Crypto Glossary ](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary "Crypto Glossary")
  * English
    * This page is available in English only

### Up your Web3 game

## Ledger Academy Quests

  * __ Test your knowledge
  * __ Earn POK NFTs

[Play now](https://quest.ledger.com "Play now") [See all
quests](https://quest.ledger.com/quests "See all quests")

[__](https://www.youtube.com/Ledger "Ledger
Youtube")[__](https://twitter.com/Ledger "Ledger
Twitter")[__](https://www.reddit.com/r/ledgerwallet/ "Ledger
Reddit")[__](https://www.facebook.com/Ledger/ "Ledger
Facebook")[__](https://www.linkedin.com/company/ledgerhq "Ledger LinkedIn")

  * [Ledger Academy ](https://www.ledger.com/academy "Ledger Academy ") __
  * [Crypto](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/crypto "Crypto") __
  * ... __
  * Best Bitcoin & Crypto Wallet Tracker Tools

# Best Bitcoin & Crypto Wallet Tracker Tools

By **Vineet Nair**

Mar 8, 2024 | **Updated Mar 22, 2024**

Beginner

SHARE

[](https://www.instagram.com/ledger
"Instagram")[](https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?u=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Ftopics%2Fcrypto%2Fbest-
bitcoin-crypto-wallet-tracker-tools
"Facebook")[](http://twitter.com/intent/tweet?via=ledger&text=Best%20Bitcoin%20%26%20Crypto%20Wallet%20Tracker%20Tools&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Ftopics%2Fcrypto%2Fbest-
bitcoin-crypto-wallet-tracker-tools
"Twitter")[](https://www.linkedin.com/sharing/share-
offsite/?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Ftopics%2Fcrypto%2Fbest-
bitcoin-crypto-wallet-tracker-tools
"Linkedin")[](http://reddit.com/submit?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Ftopics%2Fcrypto%2Fbest-
bitcoin-crypto-wallet-tracker-
tools&title=Best%20Bitcoin%20%26%20Crypto%20Wallet%20Tracker%20Tools "Reddit")

![crypto coins](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2022/09/06_Crypto_Cover_Purple-1024x432.jpg)
KEY TAKEAWAYS:  
---  
— Since the Bitcoin blockchain is both transparent and immutable, the details
of all blockchain transactions are publicly available to anyone.  
  
— Using a Bitcoin wallet tracker tool, you can find out exactly how users are
transacting including which assets they are buying and when.  
  
— Tracking a Bitcoin wallet yourself is easy, all you have to do is choose the
tool that suits you and look up the address you want to track. In this guide,
Ledger Academy will teach you how it’s done.  
  
With the sheer volume of available cryptocurrencies, investors are constantly
seeking efficient ways to monitor their portfolios, including the ever-popular
[Bitcoin wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/bitcoin). This is where
the importance of a reliable Bitcoin wallet tracker comes into play. These
tools are not just a convenience; they are essential for anyone looking to
stay informed about their investment’s performance and make timely decisions.
Even if you just want to spy on the [largest Bitcoin
wallets](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/crypto/who-owns-the-most-
bitcoin-the-largest-bitcoin-wallet-addresses) to gain some insight into their
trading tactics, wallet tracker tools are essential.

But with so many options out there, how do you choose the best Bitcoin wallet
tracker? And what makes a crypto wallet tracker stand out in the crowded
crypto space? In this article, we’ll dive into the world of Bitcoin and crypto
wallet trackers, exploring how they can simplify your crypto journey and
enhance your investment strategy.

## How To Track a Bitcoin Wallet

Below are a few ways you could choose to track a Bitcoin wallet.

### **Use a Tool for Tracking Bitcoin Wallets**

Most individuals rely on blockchain explorers or specialized crypto analytics
tools to track Bitcoin wallets. These platforms provide a user-friendly
interface that aggregates data directly from the blockchain, presenting it in
an accessible manner. By entering a wallet’s address into a blockchain
explorer, users can view all transaction histories associated with that
wallet.

Crypto analytics tools go a step further by offering insights into transaction
patterns, wallet balances over time, and sometimes the identity of wallet
holders if they are tied to known entities or individuals. These tools are
invaluable for anyone looking to conduct due diligence, perform market
analysis, or simply keep tabs on their investments.

### **Check the Activity of a Bitcoin wallet**

Understanding a wallet’s activity requires looking into several key elements
that provide a comprehensive view of its transactions. Each of these elements
reveals different aspects of a wallet’s behavior and transaction history.

#### **Date and Time Stamps**

Each transaction on the Bitcoin blockchain is recorded with a precise date and
time stamp. This information is crucial as it allows observers to track the
exact moment transactions are made. Analyzing these timestamps can help
identify patterns, such as whether a wallet tends to move funds at particular
times, which might indicate automated transactions or a response to market
events. It also helps verify transactions and understand the wallet’s activity
over specific periods.

#### **Transaction Amounts**

The transaction amounts indicate how much Bitcoin was transferred in each
transaction. This information can be used to assess the scale of activity
associated with a wallet. Large transactions might suggest a “whale” wallet,
which could significantly influence the market. Conversely, regular, small
transactions might indicate a more routine use of funds. By analyzing
transaction amounts, one can gauge the financial behavior and potential impact
of a wallet on the broader market.

#### **Transaction Fee  **

Transaction fees are paid to miners for processing transactions on the
blockchain. The amount of the fee can influence the priority given to the
transaction by miners. High fees often mean faster confirmation times,
especially during periods of high network congestion. Analyzing the fees paid
by a wallet can provide insights into the urgency of transactions and the
wallet owner’s willingness to pay for speed. It also reflects on the network’s
current state, indicating periods of high demand.

#### **Hashes**

Each Bitcoin transaction is identified by a unique hash, a string of
characters that acts as a digital fingerprint. Hashes are fundamental for
verifying the integrity of transactions and ensuring they haven’t been
tampered with. By examining transaction hashes, users can delve into specific
transactions, explore their details, and verify their authenticity on the
blockchain. Hashes are crucial for tracking transactions across multiple
addresses and identifying chains of transactions related to specific
activities or events.

#### **Bitcoin Addresses  **

Bitcoin addresses are alphanumeric strings that indicate the source or
destination of a transaction. Each wallet consists of one or more addresses,
and tracking these addresses can reveal the flow of funds. By analyzing the
addresses a wallet transacts with, one can infer connections between different
wallets, potentially identifying clusters of addresses controlled by a single
entity or individual. This can provide insights into the wallet’s role within
a larger network of transactions and its interactions with other market
participants.

## Tools for Tracking Bitcoin Wallets

### **Blockchain Explorers for Bitcoin**

Blockchain explorers for Bitcoin are online tools that provide a detailed view
of all transactions and blocks on the Bitcoin blockchain. Think Google Maps
for the Bitcoin universe. They let you zoom in on every transaction and block
that’s ever been added to Bitcoin’s blockchain. It’s an efficient way to check
out specific transactions, find out what’s in a wallet, and see the blockchain
in action. These explorers enhance transparency and facilitate the
verification of transactions within the Bitcoin network, making it easier for
users to track their own transactions or investigate the flows of Bitcoin
between different addresses.

#### **Blockchain.com**

The Blockchain.com Explorer is a robust tool for tracking Bitcoin and other
cryptocurrencies. It offers users the ability to search transaction details,
explore blockchain blocks, and examine wallet activities with a user-friendly
interface. This platform allows you to conduct thorough research, verify
transactions, or simply keep an eye on their investments in the crypto market.

#### **Blockchair**

Blockchair is a versatile blockchain explorer that integrates multiple
blockchains into one search engine, making it easy to explore and analyze
blockchain data. It focuses on making this data accessible and understandable
to a broad audience, emphasizing user privacy. Blockchair supports a wide
range of blockchains and offers various tools and services, including data
visualization, blockchain comparison, and an anonymous Bitcoin portfolio
tracker.

#### **Blockstream**

Blockstream.info is an open-source Bitcoin blockchain explorer that offers
detailed data across Bitcoin, Testnet, and Liquid networks. It supports
privacy-focused browsing through Tor and does not track users, making it a
reliable choice for those seeking to explore blockchain data without
compromising their privacy.

### **Use Crypto Analytics Tools**

Crypto analytics tools provide essential insights into market trends,
security, and investment opportunities, helping both novice and seasoned
investors navigate the complexities of the blockchain ecosystem. Unlike
blockchain explorers, they tend to be paid but thus offer advanced analytics
features.

#### **Defi Llama**

Defi Llama is a comprehensive DeFi analytics platform that tracks the total
value locked (TVL) across various decentralized finance protocols. It stands
out for its in-depth data on DeFi markets, offering insights into liquidity,
yield farming opportunities, and protocol performance.

#### **Arkham Intelligence**

Arkham Intelligence provides advanced analytics for tracking and understanding
blockchain transactions. It’s useful for identifying smart money movements,
wallet analysis, and detecting potential risks or opportunities in the crypto
space. These features make it a favorite of blockchain detectives.

#### **Bubble Maps**

Bubble Maps offers a unique visualization tool for crypto market analysis. It
visually represents transactions and wallet activities, making it easier to
identify trends, big transactions, and market sentiments through bubble size
and movement patterns.

#### **Skynet**

Skynet by CertiK is a security-focused platform that provides real-time
insights into the security of DeFi projects. It includes audits, monitoring,
and threat detection to help users and developers understand the security
posture of blockchain protocols.

#### **Dune Analytics**

Dune Analytics allows users to create, share, and explore community-generated
analytics on blockchain data. It’s a powerful tool for creating custom queries
and visualizations to analyze various aspects of the crypto market and
blockchain activities.

#### **Nansen**

Nansen specializes in blockchain analytics with an emphasis on identifying
wallet labels, tracking smart money, and providing insights into on-chain
data. It focuses its efforts towards investors looking for data-driven
decisions, highlighting market movements and trends.

### **Use Crypto Portfolio Tracker Apps**

Crypto Portfolio Tracker Apps like DeBank, CoinStats, and Tin Network offer
tailored solutions ranging from DeFi protocol integration to real-time market
updates, helping investors make informed decisions and streamline their
investment strategies.

#### **DeBank**

DeBank is a comprehensive DeFi portfolio tracker that offers users a clear
view of their investments across various DeFi protocols, helping to manage and
assess their decentralized finance holdings effectively.

#### **CoinStats**

CoinStats provides a detailed portfolio tracking solution for cryptocurrency
investors, supporting a wide range of assets and exchanges, enabling users to
monitor their investments, and receive market updates in real time.

#### **Tin Network**

Tin Network serves as an emerging tool in the crypto tracking space, aiming to
offer users insights and management capabilities for their crypto assets with
an emphasis on user-friendly experiences.

## Tracking Bitcoin Crypto Wallets: The Risks

Tracking Bitcoin wallets can be a fun and rewarding experience. For example,
you could learn about trading by following a famous trader’s wallet and
applying their techniques yourself. However, this strategy comes with another
risk. Anyone who openly shares all of their wallet addresses may have ulterior
motives. They probably know they can impact the price of an asset simply by
making a trade with a public wallet. In these instances, you could be walking
straight into a pump-and-dump.

Of course, everyone on a public network gets the same treatment, meaning
others can start tracking your accounts too. Reusing addresses will affect
your anonymity, as will publishing your address via a social media account or
website attached to your name.  Transparency is one of the core features of
public blockchain networks. It’s essential for a fair decentralized system,
but these features may affect your security.

## Tips for Staying Anonymous When Using Bitcoin

### **Don’t Reuse Addresses**

Reusing Bitcoin addresses makes it easier to trace all transactions back to a
single point, creating a detailed financial profile linked directly to your
wallet. This practice significantly undermines anonymity by allowing anyone
with access to a blockchain explorer to potentially track your wallet’s
activity and balance.

### **Don’t Use Your Real Name**

Attaching your real identity, such as using your real name for transactions or
buying a web3 domain that matches your real name, directly links your
blockchain activities to your identity. This can make it easy for observers to
track your transactions and holdings on the public ledger.

### **Avoid software wallets for significant holdings**

Software (hot) wallets store your private keys on an internet-connected device
and thus are vulnerable to spyware and malware. To explain, your internet-
connected device, such as a smartphone or laptop, may contain a virus. If so,
hackers may be able to search your device’s files for your seed phrase, the
information they need to gain access to your accounts. But with malware, they
may also be able to find out personal information about who you are, where you
work, or even where you live. Drawing attention to yourself on the internet is
never a smart move. Unfortunately, storing personal information and private
keys on a device you use to connect to the internet could leave your accounts
vulnerable to theft and your identity vulnerable to exposure.

## Keep Yourself Pseudonymous With Ledger

Staying pseudonymous with a Ledger device is very easy. Your wallet address
will automatically change each time you execute a transaction for your
security. Additionally, signing transactions and storing the private keys to
your accounts takes place in a secure offline environment. This means that
your sensitive personal information cannot be linked with your Bitcoin wallet
unless you publish your addresses yourself.

Not only that, but you can also set up multiple Bitcoin accounts and manage
them all with a single device. Ledger devices use a secret recovery phrase,
also known as a seed phrase. In short, it allows you to restore access to your
accounts using any compatible wallet provider.

Most importantly, Ledger devices give you true control over your assets. They
allow you to manage multiple bitcoin accounts with ease and without forfeiting
custody of your keys. So, keep yourself pseudonymous and protect your accounts
in style with a Ledger device. Only you have the power to protect your
identity and your assets: the true meaning of self-custody.

## Frequently Asked Questions About Tracking Bitcoin and Crypto

### **What Is a Blockchain Explorer**?

A blockchain explorer is a tool that allows you to view all transactions and
their details on a specific chain.

### **Can a Bitcoin Crypto Wallet Be Traced?**

Yes, you can trace crypto wallets via public transaction records on the
blockchain, though identifying the actual owner may require additional
information.

### **How Do I Keep Track of My Crypto Portfolio?**

To keep track of your crypto portfolio, use a crypto portfolio tracker app
that aggregates your transactions and balances across various wallets and
exchanges.

### **What Is the Best Bitcoin Wallet Tracker?**

The best crypto wallet tracker depends on your needs; popular options include
CoinStats, Blockfolio, and Delta, known for their comprehensive features and
user-friendly interfaces.

### **Are Crypto Wallet Trackers Safe?**

Crypto portfolio trackers are generally safe, but their security depends on
the provider’s measures.

**Vineet Nair**  

**SHARE**

[](https://www.instagram.com/ledger
"Instagram")[](https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?u=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Ftopics%2Fcrypto%2Fbest-
bitcoin-crypto-wallet-tracker-tools
"Facebook")[](http://twitter.com/intent/tweet?via=ledger&text=Best%20Bitcoin%20%26%20Crypto%20Wallet%20Tracker%20Tools&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Ftopics%2Fcrypto%2Fbest-
bitcoin-crypto-wallet-tracker-tools
"Twitter")[](https://www.linkedin.com/sharing/share-
offsite/?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Ftopics%2Fcrypto%2Fbest-
bitcoin-crypto-wallet-tracker-tools
"Linkedin")[](http://reddit.com/submit?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Ftopics%2Fcrypto%2Fbest-
bitcoin-crypto-wallet-tracker-
tools&title=Best%20Bitcoin%20%26%20Crypto%20Wallet%20Tracker%20Tools "Reddit")

  

Related Resources

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/ledgersolutions/how-ledger-hardware-
wallets-work)

[How Ledger Hardware Wallets
Work](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/ledgersolutions/how-ledger-
hardware-wallets-work)

__Read

8 min Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/best-ethereum-wallets)

[The Best Ethereum Wallets in
2024](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/best-ethereum-wallets)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/best-bitcoin-wallets)

[The Best Bitcoin Wallets in
2024](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/best-bitcoin-wallets)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/crypto/what-are-rare-sats-bitcoin-
satoshi-rarity-explained)

[What are Rare Sats? Bitcoin’s Satoshis from Uncommon to
Mythic](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/crypto/what-are-rare-sats-
bitcoin-satoshi-rarity-explained)

__Read

8 min Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/crypto/what-is-the-bitcoin-runes-
protocol)

[What are Bitcoin Runes? About Bitcoin’s Fungible Token
Protocol](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/crypto/what-is-the-bitcoin-
runes-protocol)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/leather-hiro-wallet-what-it-
is-and-how-to-use-it)

[Leather (Hiro) Wallet: What It Is and How To Use
It](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/leather-hiro-wallet-what-
it-is-and-how-to-use-it)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/crypto/who-owns-the-most-bitcoin-the-
largest-bitcoin-wallet-addresses)

[Who Owns the Most Bitcoin: The Largest Bitcoin Wallet
Addresses](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/crypto/who-owns-the-most-
bitcoin-the-largest-bitcoin-wallet-addresses)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/crypto/how-to-create-an-ethereum-
wallet)

[How To Create an Ethereum
Wallet](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/crypto/how-to-create-an-
ethereum-wallet)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/crypto/what-is-an-ethereum-wallet-
and-how-does-it-work)

[What Is An Ethereum Wallet and How Does it
Work?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/crypto/what-is-an-ethereum-
wallet-and-how-does-it-work)

__Read

Beginner

### Stay in touch

Announcements can be found in our blog. Press contact:  
[media@ledger.com](mailto:media@ledger.com)

  * [__](https://www.reddit.com/r/ledgerwallet/ "Ledger Reddit")
  * [__](https://www.facebook.com/Ledger/ "Ledger Facebook")
  * [__](https://www.instagram.com/ledger/ "Ledger Instagram")
  * [__](https://twitter.com/Ledger "Ledger Twitter")
  * [__](https://www.youtube.com/Ledger "Ledger Youtube")
  * [__](https://www.linkedin.com/company/ledgerhq "Ledger Linkedin company")
  * [__](https://www.tiktok.com/@ledger "Ledger Tiktok")
  * [__](https://discord.com/invite/ledger "Ledger Discord")

### Subscribe to our  
newsletter

New coins supported, blog updates and exclusive offers directly in your inbox

  

Enter your email

Register to newsletter

Your email address will only be used to send you our newsletter, as well as
updates and offers. You can unsubscribe at any time using the link included in
the newsletter.

[Learn more about how we manage your data and your
rights.](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/privacy-notice#ledger-newsletter)

__

[![](https://www.ledger.com/wp-content/themes/ledger-v2/public/images/ledger-
logo-long.svg)](https://www.ledger.com "Ledger")

  * English
    * This page is available in English only

Copyright © Ledger SAS. All rights reserved. Ledger, Ledger Stax, Ledger Nano
S, Ledger Vault, Bolos are trademarks owned by Ledger SAS.  
  
1 rue du Mail, 75002 Paris, France  
  
Payment methods  
![](/wp-content/uploads/2021/11/logo-paypal-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-crypto-s.png?v=6)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-bitpay-s.png?v=6)  
![](/wp-content/uploads/2021/11/layer1.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-visa-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-maestro-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-mastercard-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-cb-s.png?v=2)

  * Products
    * [Ledger Stax](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-stax)
    * [Ledger Nano X](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-nano-x)
    * [Ledger Nano S Plus](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-nano-s-plus)
    * [Compare our devices](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/hardware-wallets-comparison)
    * [Bundles](https://shop.ledger.com/#category-bundle)
    * [Accessories](https://shop.ledger.com/#category-accessories)
    * [All products](https://shop.ledger.com)
    * [Downloads](https://www.ledger.com/ledger-live)

  * Crypto Assets
    * [Bitcoin wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/bitcoin)
    * [Ethereum wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/ethereum)
    * [Cardano wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/cardano)
    * [XRP wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/ripple)
    * [Monero wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/monero)
    * [USDT wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/tether)
    * [See all assets](https://www.ledger.com/supported-crypto-assets)

  * Crypto Services
    * [Crypto Prices](https://www.ledger.com/coin/price)
    * [Buy crypto](https://www.ledger.com/buy)
    * [Staking crypto](https://www.ledger.com/staking)
    * [Swap crypto](https://www.ledger.com/swap)

  * For Business
    * [Ledger Enterprise Solutions](https://enterprise.ledger.com/)

  * For Startups
    * [Funding from Ledger Cathay Capital](https://www.ledger.com/cathay-ledger-fund)

  * For Developers
    * [The Developer Portal](https://developers.ledger.com/)

  * Get started
    * [Start using your Ledger device](https://www.ledger.com/start)
    * [Compatible wallets and services](https://www.ledger.com/ledger-wallets-and-services)
    * [How to buy Bitcoin](https://www.ledger.com/buy-bitcoin)
    * [Guide before buying bitcoin](https://www.ledger.com/buy-bitcoin/how)
    * [Bitcoin Hardware Wallet](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/bitcoin-hardware-wallet)

  * See also
    * [Support](https://support.ledger.com/hc)
    * [Bounty program](https://donjon.ledger.com/bounty/)
    * [Resellers](/reseller)
    * [Ledger Press Kit](https://www.ledger.com/press)
    * [Affiliates](https://www.ledgerwallet.com/affiliates/)
    * [Status](https://status.ledger.com/)
    * [Partners](/partners)

  * Careers
    * [Join us](https://www.ledger.com/career)
    * [All jobs](https://www.ledger.com/jobs)

  * About
    * [Our vision](https://www.ledger.com/blog/we-are-ledger-a-brand-vision)
    * [Ledger Academy](https://www.ledger.com/academy)
    * [The company](/the-company)
    * [The people](/the-people-behind-ledger)
    * [Diversity](https://www.ledger.com/diversity)
    * [Blog](/blog)

  * Legal
    * [Legal Center](https://www.ledger.com/legal-center)
    * [Sales Terms and Conditions](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/terms-and-conditions)
    * [Privacy Policy](https://www.ledger.com/privacy-policy)
    * [Disclaimers](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/disclaimers)

![](https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=237213137153741&ev=PageView&noscript=1)

![](https://t.co/1/i/adsct?bci=4&eci=3&event=%7B%7D&event_id=4e268874-6ad3-4d73-b79b-ef23aad610d8&integration=gtm&p_id=Twitter&p_user_id=0&pl_id=eb21dc9b-bcb6-4c45-a1c8-33273f195392&tw_document_href=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Ftopics%2Fcrypto%2Fbest-
bitcoin-crypto-wallet-tracker-
tools&tw_iframe_status=0&txn_id=nzkax&type=javascript&version=2.3.30)![](https://analytics.twitter.com/1/i/adsct?bci=4&eci=3&event=%7B%7D&event_id=4e268874-6ad3-4d73-b79b-ef23aad610d8&integration=gtm&p_id=Twitter&p_user_id=0&pl_id=eb21dc9b-bcb6-4c45-a1c8-33273f195392&tw_document_href=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Ftopics%2Fcrypto%2Fbest-
bitcoin-crypto-wallet-tracker-
tools&tw_iframe_status=0&txn_id=nzkax&type=javascript&version=2.3.30)

By clicking “Accept All Cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your
device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our
marketing efforts.

Cookies Settings Accept All Cookies

![Company Logo](https://cdn.cookielaw.org/logos/df21fb3f-71b8-491b-89ee-
eb777bcaf866/637ca236-af9d-4a40-815f-1b6a15af499d/ea9d9f41-35f0-4c24-9a83-1ef746863067/White_64.png)

## Privacy Preference Center

  * ### Your Privacy

  * ### Strictly Necessary Cookies

  * ### Performance Cookies

  * ### Functional Cookies

  * ### Targeting Cookies

  * ### Social Media Cookies

#### Your Privacy

When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your
browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you,
your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as
you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but
it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your
right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on
the different category headings to find out more and change our default
settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience
of the site and the services we are able to offer.  
[More information](https://cookiepedia.co.uk/giving-consent-to-cookies)

#### Strictly Necessary Cookies

Always Active

These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched
off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by
you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy
preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block
or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then
work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.

View Vendor Details‎

#### Performance Cookies

Performance Cookies

These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure
and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are
the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All
information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If
you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our
site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.

View Vendor Details‎

#### Functional Cookies

Functional Cookies

These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and
personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose
services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then
some or all of these services may not function properly.

View Vendor Details‎

#### Targeting Cookies

Targeting Cookies

These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They
may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show
you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal
information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet
device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted
advertising.

View Vendor Details‎

#### Social Media Cookies

Social Media Cookies

These cookies are set by a range of social media services that we have added
to the site to enable you to share our content with your friends and networks.
They are capable of tracking your browser across other sites and building up a
profile of your interests. This may impact the content and messages you see on
other websites you visit. If you do not allow these cookies you may not be
able to use or see these sharing tools.

View Vendor Details‎

Back Button

### Vendors List

Filter Button

Consent Leg.Interest

checkbox label label

checkbox label label

checkbox label label

Clear

checkbox label label

Apply Cancel

Confirm My Choices

Allow All

[![Powered by
Onetrust](https://cdn.cookielaw.org/logos/static/powered_by_logo.svg)](https://www.onetrust.com/products/cookie-
consent/)

![](https://bat.bing.com/action/0?ti=134633242&tm=gtm002&Ver=2&mid=93ad50c3-f879-426a-ae48-108fa84e5b0a&sid=12051c801cfd11ef9fd025441093dc1b&vid=120522801cfd11efa2345f7f6d50c31c&vids=1&msclkid=N&pi=918639831&lg=en-
US&sw=800&sh=600&sc=24&tl=Best%20Bitcoin%20%26%20Crypto%20Wallet%20Tracker%20Tools%20%7C%20Ledger&p=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Ftopics%2Fcrypto%2Fbest-
bitcoin-crypto-wallet-tracker-tools&r=&lt=2072&evt=pageLoad&sv=1&rn=593058)

![dot image
pixel](https://sp.analytics.yahoo.com/sp.pl?a=10000&d=Tue%2C%2028%20May%202024%2014%3A17%3A52%20GMT&n=0&b=Best%20Bitcoin%20%26%20Crypto%20Wallet%20Tracker%20Tools%20%7C%20Ledger&.yp=10159916&f=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Ftopics%2Fcrypto%2Fbest-
bitcoin-crypto-wallet-tracker-tools&enc=UTF-8&yv=1.15.1&tagmgr=gtm)

