[](/)

Analytics

Defi

[NFTs](/nfts)

Leaderboard

Blockchain

Resources

[Sign in](/user/signin?returnUrl=%2Fterms-of-service)

![solLogo](/_next/image?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Fsolana-sol-
logo.ecf2bf3a.svg&w=64&q=75)

![solLogo](/_next/image?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Fsolana-sol-
logo.ecf2bf3a.svg&w=64&q=75)

![solPriceLogo](/_next/image?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2FsolPriceLogo.76eeb122.png&w=48&q=75)

$0 00

MC: $0B  0

Terms of Service

Last updated: Jan 11, 2024

1\. Introduction

**1.1.** This Terms of Use is a legal agreement between you (referred to
herein as the "user" or "your") and Block Solutions Pte. Ltd (UEN 202202279E),
a company incorporated under the laws of Singapore, and its subsidiaries,
affiliates and related corporations who own or operate the Services provided
by the SolScan.io (hereinafter referred to as the "Site") (referred to herein
as the Company, we, us or our).

**1.2.** By using any of the Services, you accept and agree to be bound by the
Terms of Use, the Privacy Policy, all applicable laws and regulations, and
agree that you are responsible for compliance with any applicable local laws.
Please read the Privacy Policy to find out how we collect, use, disclose,
process, and protect your personal data. For the avoidance of doubt, all
terms, conditions, licenses, limitations, and obligations contained within and
on the Site are incorporated into these Terms of Use by reference. In the
event of any inconsistency between these Terms of Use and any other pages or
policies on the Site, these Terms of Use shall prevail.

**1.3.** The information provided on the Site is not intended for distribution
to or use by any person or entity in any jurisdiction or country where such
distribution or use would be contrary to law or regulation or which would
subject us to any registration requirement within such jurisdiction or
country. Accordingly, those persons who choose to access the Site from other
locations do so at their own risk and on their own initiative and are solely
responsible for compliance with local laws, if and to the extent local laws
are applicable.

**1.4.** You agree that by using the Services, you have read, understood, and
agree to be bound by all of these Terms and Conditions. If you do not agree
with all of these Terms and Conditions, then you are advised to discontinue
use of the Site immediately.

**1.5.** It is your responsibility to periodically review these Terms and
Conditions to stay informed of updates. You will be subject to and will be
deemed to have been made aware of and to have accepted, the changes in any
revised Terms and Conditions by your continued use of the Site after the date
such revised Terms and Conditions are posted.

**1.6.** Where the Company has published a document that is referred to within
these Terms (such as a policy document), that document shall also form part of
these Terms and shall be deemed to have been agreed to by you. In the event of
any conflict between these Terms and a document referenced within them, these
Terms shall prevail over that document.

2\. User Representations & Warranties

**2.1.** You may only use the Services if permitted under the laws of your
jurisdiction. Please make sure that these Terms are in compliance with all
laws, rules, and regulations that apply to you.

**2.2.** By using our Services, you represent and warrant to the Company that
you meet the eligibility requirements below. We reserve the right to amend our
eligibility criteria at our sole discretion. You make the following
representations and warranties to us at the time of entering into these Terms
and every time you use our Services:

**(a)** You are of legal age to form a binding contract;

**(b)** You have not been previously suspended or removed from using our
Services; and

**(c)** You have full power and authority to enter into this agreement and in
doing so will not violate any other agreement to which you are party.

**(a)** You are of legal age to form a binding contract;

**(b)** You have not been previously suspended or removed from using our
Services; and

**(c)** You have full power and authority to enter into this agreement and in
doing so will not violate any other agreement to which you are party.

**2.3.** If you are registering to use the Services on behalf of a legal
entity, you further represent and warrant that:

**(i)** Such legal entity is duly organized and validly existing under the
applicable laws of the jurisdiction of its organization; and

**(ii)** You are duly authorized by such legal entity to act on its behalf.

**(iii)** You are not breaking any laws or regulations that are applicable to
you or any company, trust, or partnership upon whose instructions you are
acting;

**(iv)** Your use of the Services does not violate any laws or regulations
applicable in your country of residence.

3\. Intellectual Property Rights

**3.1.** Unless otherwise indicated, all source code, databases,
functionality, software, website designs, audio, video, text, photographs, and
graphics on the Site (collectively, the “Content”) and the trademarks, service
marks, and logos contained therein (collectively, the “Marks”) are owned or
controlled by us, and are protected by copyright and trademark laws and
various other intellectual property rights and unfair competition laws of
Singapore, foreign jurisdictions, and international conventions. Unauthorized
use and/or duplication of this material without express and written permission
from this Site’s author and/or owner is strictly prohibited. Excerpts and
links may be used, provided that full and clear credit is given to Solscan
with appropriate and specific direction to the original content.

**3.2.** The Content and the Marks are provided on the Site “AS IS” for your
information and personal use only. Except as expressly provided in these Terms
and Conditions, no part of the Site and no Content or Marks may be copied,
reproduced, aggregated, republished, uploaded, posted, publicly displayed,
encoded, translated, transmitted, distributed, sold, licensed, or otherwise
exploited for any commercial purpose whatsoever, without our express prior
written permission.

**3.3.** By accessing this website, you are granted a limited license to
access and use the Site and to download or print a copy of any portion of the
Content to which you have properly gained access solely for your personal,
non-commercial use. We reserve all rights not expressly granted to you in and
to the Site, the Content, and the Marks.

4\. Prohibited Activities

**4.1.** As a user of the Services, we grant you a limited, personal, non-
commercial, non-exclusive, non-transferable, and revocable license to use our
Services.

**4.2.** Our performance under these Terms are subject to existing laws and
legal processes and nothing contained in these Terms shall limit our rights to
comply with law enforcement or other governmental or legal requests relating
to your use of our services. You agree that by using our Site that you may
not:

  * Use the Site or any Services to interfere with or subvert the rights or obligations of the Company or the rights or obligations of any other Site user or any other third party without authorization;

  * Distribute any virus or other harmful computer code through our Services;

  * Not take any action that may impose an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on our or any of our third-party providers’ infrastructure;

  * Bypass, circumvent, or attempt to bypass or circumvent any measures that we may use to prevent or restrict access to the Services including, without limitation, other accounts, computer systems, or networks connected to the Services;

  * Use our Services in any manner that could interfere with, disrupt, negatively affect or inhibit other users from fully enjoying our Services, or that could damage, disable, overburden or impair the functioning of our Services in any manner;

  * Use any robot, spider, crawler, scraper or other automated means or interface not provided by us to access our Services or to extract data;

  * Engage in Automated Data Collection (scraping) unless such Automated Data Collection is confined solely to search indexing for display on the Internet;

  * Engage in the reproduction of any content posted (such as public labels or name tags) or extracted from our APIs, CSV exports or our website or any of our affiliate websites without our prior consent or authorization;

  * Use or attempt to use another user’s account without authorization;

  * Attempt to circumvent any content filtering techniques we employ, or attempt to access any service or area of our Services that you are not authorized to access;

  * Introduce to the Services any virus, trojan worms, logic bombs or other harmful material;

  * Develop any third-party applications that interact with our Services without our prior written consent;

  * Provide false, inaccurate, or misleading information; and

  * Encourage or induce any third party to engage in any of the activities prohibited under this Section.

5\. Third-Party Websites & Content

**5.1.** In using our Services, you may view content or utilize services
provided by third parties, including links to web pages and services of such
parties (“Third-Party Content”).

**5.2.** We do not control, endorse or adopt any Third-Party Content and will
have no responsibility for Third-Party Content, including, without limitation,
material that may be misleading, incomplete, erroneous, offensive, indecent or
otherwise objectionable in your jurisdiction.

**5.3.** Any business dealings or correspondence with such third parties are
solely between you and the third parties. We shall not be responsible or
liable for any loss or damage of any sort incurred as the result of any such
dealings, and you understand that your use of Third-Party Content, and your
interactions with third parties, shall be at your own risk.

**5.4.** Users are advised to carefully review the terms, policies, privacy,
and data collection practices of any third-party websites accessed through
links provided on our Site. This includes the examination of practices related
to any applications installed or used from such third-party websites. We
expressly disclaim any responsibility for transactions or purchases made
through these third-party websites. All such transactions or purchases are
strictly between the user and the respective third party, and we are not a
party to, nor do we bear any responsibility for, any such transactions.

6\. Term & Termination

These Terms and Conditions shall remain in full force and effect while you use
the Site. Without limiting any other provision of these terms and conditions,
we reserve the right to, in our sole discretion and without notice or
liability, deny access to and use of the Site (including blocking certain IP
addresses), to any user for any reason, including without limitation for
breach of any representation, warranty, or covenant contained in these terms
and conditions or of any applicable law or regulation. We may terminate your
use or participation in the Site or delete any content or information that you
posted at any time, without warning, at our sole discretion. In addition, we
reserve the right to take appropriate legal action, including without
limitation pursuing civil, criminal, and injunctive redress.

7\. Disclaimer

THE SITE IS PROVIDED ON AN AS-IS AND AS-AVAILABLE BASIS. YOU AGREE THAT YOUR
USE OF THE SITE AND OUR SERVICES WILL BE AT YOUR SOLE RISK. TO THE FULLEST
EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, WE DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, IN
CONNECTION WITH THE SITE AND YOUR USE THEREOF, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION,
THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE,
AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. WE MAKE NO WARRANTIES OR REPRESENTATIONS ABOUT THE
ACCURACY OR COMPLETENESS OF THE SITE’S CONTENT OR THE CONTENT OF ANY WEBSITES
LINKED TO THE SITE AND WE WILL ASSUME NO LIABILITY OR RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY
(1) ERRORS, MISTAKES, OR INACCURACIES OF CONTENT AND MATERIALS, (2) PERSONAL
INJURY OR PROPERTY DAMAGE, OF ANY NATURE WHATSOEVER, RESULTING FROM YOUR
ACCESS TO AND USE OF THE SITE, (3) ANY UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO OR USE OF OUR
SECURE SERVERS AND/OR ANY AND ALL PERSONAL INFORMATION AND/OR FINANCIAL
INFORMATION STORED THEREIN, (4) ANY INTERRUPTION OR CESSATION OF TRANSMISSION
TO OR FROM THE SITE, (5) ANY BUGS, VIRUSES, TROJAN HORSES, OR THE LIKE WHICH
MAY BE TRANSMITTED TO OR THROUGH THE SITE BY ANY THIRD PARTY, AND/OR (6) ANY
ERRORS OR OMISSIONS IN ANY CONTENT AND MATERIALS OR FOR ANY LOSS OR DAMAGE OF
ANY KIND INCURRED AS A RESULT OF THE USE OF ANY CONTENT POSTED, TRANSMITTED,
OR OTHERWISE MADE AVAILABLE VIA THE SITE. WE DO NOT WARRANT, ENDORSE,
GUARANTEE, OR ASSUME RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY PRODUCT OR SERVICE ADVERTISED OR
OFFERED BY A THIRD PARTY THROUGH THE SITE, ANY HYPERLINKED WEBSITE, OR ANY
WEBSITE OR MOBILE APPLICATION FEATURED IN ANY BANNER OR OTHER ADVERTISING, AND
WE WILL NOT BE A PARTY TO OR IN ANY WAY BE RESPONSIBLE FOR MONITORING ANY
TRANSACTION BETWEEN YOU AND ANY THIRD-PARTY PROVIDERS OF PRODUCTS OR SERVICES.

8\. Indemnity

You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold harmless Company (and each of our
officers, directors, members, employees, agents and affiliates) from any
claim, demand, action, damage, loss, cost or expense, including without
limitation reasonable attorneys’ fees, arising out or relating to:

**(a)** your use of, or conduct in connection with, our Services;

**(b)** any Feedback you provide;

**(c)** your violation of these Terms; or

**(d)** your violation of any rights of any other person or entity.

9\. Force Majeure Event

**9.1.** For the purposes of this clause, “Force Majeure Event” shall mean any
circumstance outside the Company’s control including but not limited to any
interruptions or failures relating to internet service providers, internet
signal, connections, electricity providers, configurations of any user’s
computers, any acts of God, flood, earthquake or other natural disasters, any
collapse of buildings, fire, explosion or accident, any acts of terrorism,
civil war or commotion, riots or any law or any action taken by a government
or public authority, including, without limitation, the failure to grant a
necessary license or consent.

**9.2.** The Company shall not be in breach of these Terms nor liable for
delay in performing or failure to perform any of its obligations under these
Terms if such delay or failure results from a Force Majeure Event.

10\. Electronic Communications, Transactions, & Signatures

**10.1.** Visiting the Site, sending us emails, and completing online forms
constitute electronic communications. You consent to receive electronic
communications, and you agree that all agreements, notices, disclosures, and
other communications we provide to you electronically, via email, and on the
Site, satisfy any legal requirement that such communication is in writing.

**10.2.** YOU HEREBY AGREE TO THE USE OF ELECTRONIC SIGNATURES, CONTRACTS,
ORDERS, AND OTHER RECORDS, AND TO ELECTRONIC DELIVERY OF NOTICES, POLICIES,
AND RECORDS OF TRANSACTIONS INITIATED OR COMPLETED BY US OR VIA THE SITE.

**10.3.** You hereby waive any rights or requirements under any statutes,
regulations, rules, ordinances, or other laws in any jurisdiction which
require an original signature or delivery or retention of non-electronic
records, or to payments by any means other than electronic means.

11\. Term and Termination

Without limiting any other provision of these Terms of Use, we reserve the
right to, in our sole discretion and without notice or liability, deny access
to and use of the Site (including blocking certain IP addresses), to any user
for any or no reason, including without limitation for breach of any
representation, warranty, or covenant contained in these Terms of Use or of
any applicable law or regulation. We may terminate your use or participation
in the Site or delete any content or information that you posted at any time.
In addition, we reserve the right to take appropriate legal action, including
without limitation pursuing civil, criminal, and injunctive litigation.

12\. Miscellaneous

**12.1.** These Terms of Use and any dispute arising out of or in connection
with their subject matter shall be governed by and construed in accordance
with the laws of Singapore and the parties agree that the courts of Singapore
shall have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute or claim arising in
connection with these Terms.

**12.2.** These Terms of Use and any related policies or operating rules
posted by us on the Site constitute the entire agreement and understanding
between you and us. Any failure by the Company to exercise or enforce any
right or provision of these Terms of Use shall not operate as a waiver of such
right or provision.

**12.3.** These Terms of Use, and any of the rights, duties, and obligations
contained herein, are not assignable by you without the prior written consent
of the Company. These Terms of Use fully operate permissible by law. We may
assign any or all our rights and obligations to others at any time without
notice or your consent.

**12.4.** If any provision or part of a provision of these Terms of Use is
determined to be unlawful, void, or unenforceable, that provision or part of
the provision is deemed severable from these Terms of Use and does not affect
the validity and enforceability of any remaining provisions.

**12.5.** You understand that the Services and Site will endeavour to be open
24/7. You further acknowledge that the Company will make reasonable efforts to
ensure that the Services and Site are available continuously.

13\. Contact us

**13.1.** The Company is committed to promptly and effectively addressing any
complaints, ensuring that issues are resolved as swiftly as is feasibly
possible.

**13.2.** Please write to us to make clear the details surrounding your
complaint. You can send your complaint by e-mail to
[support@solscan.io](mailto:support@solscan.io).

14\. Changes to Terms of Use

**14.1.** The Company shall be permitted to make amendments to these Terms of
Use from time to time. You will be deemed to have accepted such amended Terms
by indicating your acceptance on the Site. Any further actions which you make
will be subject to the Terms in effect at that time. If you object to any
changes, you may cease using the Services. Your continued use of the Services
after we publish or otherwise provide notice about our changes to the Terms of
Use means that you consent to the updated Terms of Use.

**14.2.** We keep these Terms of Use under regular review. These Terms of Use
were last updated in These Terms of Use were last updated on 11 January 2024.

![solLogo](/_next/image?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Fsolana-sol-
logo.ecf2bf3a.svg&w=828&q=75)

Powered by Solana Blockchain

Solscan @2024

[Terms of service](/terms-of-service)

[Privacy Policy](/privacy-policy)

[Contact us](/contactus)

[Advertise](https://etherscan.io/contactusadvertise)

Donations:

[D27Dgi...L5EuLK](/account/D27DgiipBR5dRdij2L6NQ27xwyiLK5Q2DsEM5ML5EuLK)

Join us:

[](https://discord.gg/vhq8N4hMvA)[](https://twitter.com/solscanofficial)[](https://solscan.substack.com/)

