[](https://www.binance.com/en)

[Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/crypto/buy)

[Markets](https://www.binance.com/en/markets/overview)

Trade

Basic

  * [SpotBuy and sell on the Spot market with advanced tools](https://www.binance.com/en/trade/BTC_USDT?type=spot)
  * [MarginIncrease your profits with leverage](https://www.binance.com/en/trade?type=cross)
  * [P2PBuy & sell cryptocurrencies using bank transfer and 800+ options](https://p2p.binance.com/en)
  * [Convert & Block TradeThe easiest way to trade at all sizes](https://www.binance.com/en/convert)

Advanced

  * [Trading BotsTrade smarter with our various automated strategies - easy, fast and reliable](https://www.binance.com/en/trading-bots)
  * [Copy TradingFollow the most popular traders](https://www.binance.com/en/copy-trading)
  * [APIsUnlimited opportunities with one key](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-api)

[Futures](https://www.binance.com/en/futures/home)

  * [USDⓈ-M FuturesContracts settled in USDT and USDC](https://www.binance.com/en/futures)
  * [COIN-M FuturesContracts settled in cryptocurrency](https://www.binance.com/en/delivery)
  * [OptionsUSDT Options with limited downside and affordable entry](https://www.binance.com/en/eoptions)

[Earn](https://www.binance.com/en/earn)

[Square](https://www.binance.com/en/square)

  * [SquareStay informed with everything crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/square)
  * [Academy (Learn & Earn)Earn crypto by learning about blockchain](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn)
  * [BlogExpand your knowledge and get the latest insights](https://www.binance.com/en/blog)
  * [ResearchInstitutional-grade analysis, in-depth insights, and more](https://www.binance.com/en/research)

More

  * [VIP & InstitutionalYour trusted digital asset platform for VIPs and institutions](https://www.binance.com/en/vip-institutional-services)
  * [Launchpad & LaunchpoolDiscover and gain access to new token launches](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)
  * [MegadropLock your BNB and complete Web3 quests for boosted airdrop rewards](https://www.binance.com/en/megadrop)
  * [Mining PoolMine more rewards by connecting to the pool](https://pool.binance.com/en)
  * [PaySend, receive and spend crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/payment)
  * [LoansGet an instant loan secured by crypto assets](https://www.binance.com/en/loan)

  * [NFTExplore NFTs from creators worldwide](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/home)
  * [Fan TokenDiscover an all-new fandom and unlock unlimited fan experiences](https://www.binance.com/en/fan-token)
  * [Web3 WalletMeet the next-generation Web3 wallet](https://www.binance.com/en/web3wallet)
  * [BNB ChainThe most popular blockchain to build your own dApp](https://www.bnbchain.org)
  * [CharityBlockchain empowers charity to be more transparent, efficient, and traceable](https://www.binance.charity)

[Log
In](https://accounts.binance.com/en/login?loginChannel=blog&return_to=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYmluYW5jZS5jb20vZW4vYmxvZy9maWF0L2hvdy10by1pbnZlc3QtaW4tbmZ0cy00MjE0OTk4MjQ2ODQ5MDM3NjM%2FbGFuZz1lbg%3D%3D)[Sign
Up](https://accounts.binance.com/en/register?registerChannel=blog&return_to=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYmluYW5jZS5jb20vZW4vYmxvZy9maWF0L2hvdy10by1pbnZlc3QtaW4tbmZ0cy00MjE0OTk4MjQ2ODQ5MDM3NjM%2FbGFuZz1lbg%3D%3D)

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/images/common/logo.png)

Scan to Download App IOS & Android

[More Download
Options](https://www.binance.com/en/download?utm_source=&utm_campaign=)

##### [Binance Blog](/blog)

# How To Invest In NFTs

2022-04-28

**Main takeaways:  **

  * The growing popularity of NFTs is leading to an increased number of use cases in the digital asset space – such as community perks, in-game items and abilities, and much more.

  * The increased adoption of NFTs are opening new revenue opportunities for investors, collectors and digital creators.

  * With Binance, buying and selling NFT coins and digital assets is very simple.

_As mainstream adoption of NFTs continues to grow, so do the use cases.
Discover how you can get in on the action with Binance today!_

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20220428/b5f835fd-89ef-417b-b10e-94524c0d0168.png)

NFTs have seen explosive interest ever since they joined the crypto scene,
whether in terms of adoption rate, creation rate, or use cases. The expansion
of NFT applications and utility enables NFT holders to access and unlock
exciting possibilities in Web3.

More importantly, this increased adoption has the potential to open new
revenue opportunities for investors, collectors and digital creators alike. So
let’s take a closer look and explore why you should consider getting involved!

## How To Spot Good NFT Investments?

There are many factors that you should consider before investing in NFTs.
Below, we outlined three tips you can use when trying to spot-in-demand NFTs.

### Utility

The utility of NFTs comes from their application in the physical and digital
worlds. In addition to being a one-of-a-kind digital asset, NFTs can be used
to perform a range of actions. For example, holding a [Bored Ape Yacht Club
(BAYC)](https://academy.binance.com/en/articles/what-is-bored-ape-yacht-club-
bayc) NFT comes with benefits, such as exclusive access to a members-only
space, airdrops, and early access to new NFT sales.

To learn more about NFT utility, read our article on [_Top 7 NFT Use
Cases_](https://academy.binance.com/en/articles/top-7-nft-use-cases) _._

### Potential

You can estimate the growth potential of an NFT by looking at the supply and
demand.

NFT projects with a big community may become more valuable because the project
is more likely to maintain traction over time. This tends to increase the
demand for the NFT, possibly making the project more rare and valuable.

### Community Size

Ideally, there should be a sizable active community of engaged investors for
an NFT project to have good liquidity or lasting value. So, an NFT project
with a big and active community is often a good indicator.

Content creators can easily manipulate their social media following. So
checking a project’s community engagement on Discord is a better way to gauge
the strength of an NFT project.

## How To Invest in NFTs?

Whether you’re a NFT collector or a crypto investor, there are a few different
ways you can invest in NFTs.

### Investing in NFT Projects via NFT Coins

[NFT coins](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/fiat/5-most-popular-nft-coins--
how-to-buy-them-421499824684903486) are cryptocurrencies created by NFT
projects to be used within their ecosystem of
[GameFi](https://www.binance.com/en/buy-gamefi-tokens) and [decentralized
applications (DApps)](https://academy.binance.com/en/glossary/decentralized-
application). Popular examples include
[AXS](https://academy.binance.com/en/articles/what-is-axie-infinity-axs),
[MANA](https://academy.binance.com/en/articles/what-is-decentraland), and
[SAND](https://academy.binance.com/en/articles/what-is-the-sandbox-sand). NFT
coins have a range of use cases, from in-game currency to governance voting.

In some situations, investing in a NFT project’s native token can be less
risky than investing in the NFTs. The fees for trading tokens are
significantly lower than trading NFTs and the token markets often have better
liquidity. As such, investing in NFT coins may be a suitable option for those
looking to support a certain NFT project without buying NFTs.

### Using Crypto To Buy NFTs

If you already have BNB or ETH in your wallet, you can directly purchase the
NFT you’re interested in on an NFT marketplace.

[Binance NFT](https://nft.binance.com/en?ref=VJ9G6UC4) has a wide range of
NFTs available on their marketplace, including NFT avatars, art collectibles,
mystery boxes, and much more.

Check out our article [_How To Buy NFTs In 4 Easy
Steps_](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/nft/how-to-buy-nfts-in-4-easy-
steps-421499824684903165) for a detailed guide on purchasing NFTs on Binance
NFT.

## Top 5 NFT Coins on Binance

[NFT coins ](https://www.binance.com/en/markets/coinInfo-NFT?ref=VJ9G6UC4)have
a range of utility in a range of
[metaverse](https://www.binance.com/en/markets/coinInfo-Metaverse) projects
and more. Below we’ve listed the top five NFT coins available on Binance that
you can consider adding to your crypto portfolio.

  1. ApeCoin ([APE](https://www.binance.com/en/buy-sell-crypto/calculator/EUR/APE)), at a price of $19.22 and at a market cap of $5,471.69M*

  2. Dencentraland ([MANA](https://www.binance.com/en/buy-sell-crypto/calculator/EUR/MANA)), at a price of $1.83 and at a market cap of $3,371.73M*

  3. The Sandbox ([SAND](https://www.binance.com/en/buy-sell-crypto/calculator/USD/SAND)), at a price of $2.52 and at a market cap of $2,919.40M*

  4. Axie Infinity ([AXS](https://www.binance.com/en/buy-sell-crypto/calculator/USD/AXS)), at a price of $38.49 and at a market cap of $2,344.32M*

  5. Green Metaverse Tokens ([GMT](https://www.binance.com/en/trade/GMT_USDT)), at a price of $3.84 and at a market cap of $2,310.00M*

* As of April 28th, 2022.

* This list is ranked by market cap and does not constitute a recommendation or endorsement by Binance to buy or sell any currency.

Learn more about the[5 Most Popular NFT Coins & How to Buy
Them](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/fiat/5-most-popular-nft-coins--how-to-
buy-them-421499824684903486).

## How To Get Started

No matter which investment method you choose, you need to purchase crypto to
get started. The NFT coin you choose to buy can be a native token of a
metaverse project that lets you transact on the respective platform. For
example, to buy land in Decentraland, you need MANA to buy LAND NFTs.

If you are looking to buy in-game items or any NFTs on [Binance
NFT](https://nft.binance.com/en?ref=VJ9G6UC4), you will need to purchase
[BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/buy-sell-crypto/calculator/USD/BNB),
[BUSD](https://www.binance.com/en/busd?ref=VJ9G6UC4), or
[ETH](https://www.binance.com/en/buy-sell-crypto/calculator/USD/ETH) to make
transactions on our NFT platform.

### Buy Crypto On Binance in 2 Simple Steps

**Step 1:****** Make a[ fiat
deposit](https://www.binance.com/en/fiat/deposit/USD) via an [e-wallet
transfer](https://www.binance.com/en/buy-sell-crypto/other-
channel/buy/USD/BUSD/) or bank transfer on Binance. Be sure to check the
available [fiat channels](https://www.binance.com/en/fiat/deposit/EUR) for
your preferred currencies. For a more in-depth guide, see our tutorial on
“[How to Deposit USD via
SWIFT](https://www.binance.com/en/support/faq/f84427e36de641f59ed16e78fcc85679)”.

**Optional:** Convert the fiat currencies to[
BUSD](https://www.binance.com/en/buy-sell-crypto/calculator/USD/BUSD) or[
USDT](https://www.binance.com/en/buy-sell-crypto/calculator/USD/USDT) so that
you can trade a greater variety of tokens.

**Step 2:** Buy the NFT coin or cryptocurrency of your choice through a user
[wallet](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/main) purchase or
directly with a [credit/debit card](https://www.binance.com/en/buy-sell-
crypto?channel=card&fiat=EUR).

## Conclusion

Naturally, as more people and major companies begin to recognize the potential
of the metaverse and [Web3](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/fiat/web-30-coin-
the-newest-crypto-trend-in-2022-421499824684903194), the use cases of digital
assets like NFTs will continue to grow.

Seeing as NFTs are a relatively new market, it’s important and needed to do
your own due diligence before investing in NFTs or NFT coins.

**Start your crypto adventure with Binance.**

Sign up for a [Binance account
](https://www.binance.com/en/register?ref=VJ9G6UC4?utm_source=blog&utm_medium=copy&utm_term=cta-
blog&utm_content=binance&utm_campaign=en-register)or download the [Binance
crypto trading
app](https://www.binance.com/en/download?ref=VJ9G6UC4?utm_source=blog&utm_medium=copy&utm_term=cta-
blog&utm_content=app&utm_campaign=en-binance-app). Once your account is
[verified](https://www.binance.com/en/my/settings/profile), you can buy
cryptocurrencies on Binance using fiat in three ways: from Binance via bank
transfer, card channels, or e-wallets options.

[Buy BUSD, BNB and cryptocurrencies with a Debit Card, Credit Card, or via
Bank Transfer](https://www.binance.com/en/buy-sell-
crypto?fiat=USD&crypto=BTC&amount&ref=CZP483Q2?utm_source=blog&utm_medium=copy&utm_term=cta-
blog&utm_content=fiat&utm_campaign=en-buy-crypto).

Linking your debit card, credit card, or bank account (available in many
regions) is one of the easiest ways to buy Bitcoin and more than 200+
cryptocurrencies.

[![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20220428/7174c3f4-b7d8-4abc-9830-dd1c058e8c3d.png)](https://www.binance.com/en/buy-
sell-
crypto?fiat=USD&crypto=BTC&amount&ref=CZP483Q2?utm_source=blog&utm_medium=copy&utm_term=cta-
blog&utm_content=fiat&utm_campaign=en-buy-crypto)

_**Disclaimer:**__****__NFTs are an emerging asset class that is still
evolving. The information in this article should not be construed as
investment or financial advice. Always do your own research before making any
decision to buy, sell or trade NFTs._

**Read the following articles for more information:  **

  * (Support) [How to Buy Crypto with Debit/Credit Card on the Website](https://www.binance.com/en/support/faq/8df758a570ba4d18941f38423f63aae5) and the [App](https://www.binance.com/en/support/faq/7a795b5916db4a3ea57c1a1208e19581)

  * (Blog) [5 Most Popular NFT Coins & How to Buy Them](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/fiat/5-most-popular-nft-coins--how-to-buy-them-421499824684903486)

  * (Blog) [Metrics To Guide Your NFT Buy And Sell Strategy](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/nft/metrics-to-guide-your-nft-buy-and-sell-strategy-421499824684903642)

  * (Blog) [Common NFT Scams & Safety Tips 2022](https://academy.binance.com/en/articles/a-beginners-guide-to-monero)

  * (Academy) [7 Things You Should Know About NFTs](https://academy.binance.com/en/articles/7-things-you-should-know-about-nfts)

  * [](https://academy.binance.com/en/articles/7-things-you-should-know-about-nfts)[(FAQ) What is an NFT?](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/what-is-nft)

194,851,749 users chose us. Find out why today.

Register Now

Like this post

###### Share Post

Article Outlines

How To Invest In NFTs

How To Spot Good NFT Investments?

How To Invest in NFTs?

Top 5 NFT Coins on Binance

How To Get Started

Conclusion

194,851,749 users chose us. Find out why today.

Register Now

### Community

[](https://discord.gg/jE4wt8g2H2)[](https://www.binance.com/en/community)[](https://www.tiktok.com/@binance?lang=en)[](https://www.facebook.com/binance)[](https://twitter.com/binance)[](https://www.reddit.com/r/binance)[](https://www.instagram.com/Binance/)[](https://coinmarketcap.com/exchanges/binance/)[](https://www.youtube.com/binanceyoutube)[](https://www.binance.com/en/community)

English

English

العربية

العربية (البحرين)

български

Čeština

Dansk

Deutsch (Schweiz)

Ελληνικά

English (UAE)

English (Australia)

English (Bahrain)

English (India)

English (Japan)

English (Kazakhstan)

English (Nigeria)

English (New Zealand)

English (South Africa)

Español (España)

Español (Argentina)

Español (Latinoamérica)

Español (México)

Français

Français (Afrique)

magyar nyelv

Bahasa Indonesia

Italiano

日本語

Қазақша (Қазақстан)

Қазақша

ລາວ

latviešu valoda

Polski

Português

Português (Brasil)

Română

Русский

Русский (Казахстан)

Русский (Украина)

සිංහල

Slovenčina

Slovenščina

Svenska

Türkçe

Українська

Tiếng Việt

简体中文

繁體中文

Theme

English

Theme

### About Us

  * [About](https://www.binance.com/en/about)
  * [Careers](https://www.binance.com/en/careers)
  * [Announcements](https://www.binance.com/en/support/announcement)
  * [News](https://www.binance.com/en/square/news/all)
  * [Press](https://www.binance.com/en/press)
  * [Legal](https://www.binance.com/en/legal/home)
  * [Terms](https://www.binance.com/en/terms)
  * [Privacy](https://www.binance.com/en/about-legal/privacy-portal)
  * [Building Trust](https://www.binance.com/en/land/building_trust)
  * [Blog](https://www.binance.com/en/blog)
  * [Community](https://www.binance.com/en/community)
  * [Sitemap](https://www.binance.com/en/country-region-selector)
  * [Risk Warning](https://www.binance.com/en/risk-warning)
  * [Notices](https://www.binance.com/en/support/list/notices)
  * [Downloads](https://www.binance.com/en/download)
  * [Desktop Application](https://www.binance.com/en/desktop-download)

### Products

  * [Exchange](https://www.binance.com/en/trade)
  * [Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/buy-sell-crypto)
  * [Leveraged Tokens](https://www.binance.com/en/leveraged-tokens/tokens/allTokens)
  * [TradingView](https://www.binance.com/en/land/tradingview)
  * [Pay](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/payment)
  * [Academy](https://academy.binance.com/en)
  * [Live](https://www.binance.com/en/live)
  * [Tax](https://www.binance.com/en/tax)
  * [Gift Card](https://www.binance.com/en/gift-card)
  * [Launchpad & Launchpool](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)
  * [Auto-Invest](https://www.binance.com/en/auto-invest)
  * [ETH Staking](https://www.binance.com/en/eth2)
  * [NFT](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/home)
  * [BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/bnb)
  * [BABT](https://www.binance.com/en/BABT?source=footer)
  * [Research](https://www.binance.com/en/research)
  * [Charity](https://www.binance.charity)

### Business

  * [P2P Merchant Application](https://c2c.binance.com/en/merchantApplication)
  * [P2Pro Merchant Application](https://p2p.binance.com/en/p2pro)
  * [Listing Application](https://www.binance.com/en/my/coin-apply)
  * [Institutional & VIP Services](https://www.binance.com/en/vip-institutional-services)
  * [Labs](https://labs.binance.com/)

### Learn

  * [Learn & Earn](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn)
  * [Browse Crypto Prices](https://www.binance.com/en/price)
  * [Bitcoin Price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/bitcoin)
  * [Ethereum Price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/ethereum)
  * [Browse Crypto Price Predictions](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction)
  * [Bitcoin Price Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction/bitcoin)
  * [Ethereum Price Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction/ethereum)
  * [Buy Bitcoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bitcoin)
  * [Buy BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bnb)
  * [Buy Ripple](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/xrp)
  * [Buy Dogecoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/dogecoin)
  * [Buy Ethereum](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/ethereum)
  * [Buy Tradable Altcoins](https://www.binance.com/en/altcoins/tradable)

### Service

  * [Affiliate](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/affiliate)
  * [Referral](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/referral?utm_source=Lite_web_footer)
  * [OTC Trading](https://www.binance.com/en/otc)
  * [Historical Market Data](https://www.binance.com/en/landing/data)
  * [Proof of Reserves](https://www.binance.com/en/proof-of-reserves)

### Support

  * [24/7 Chat Support](https://www.binance.com/en/chat?sourceEntry=4)
  * [Support Center](https://www.binance.com/en/support)
  * [Product Feedback & Suggestions](https://www.binance.com/en/my/user-support/feedback/entry)
  * [Fees](https://www.binance.com/en/fee/schedule)
  * [APIs](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-api)
  * [Binance Verify](https://www.binance.com/en/official-verification)
  * [Trading Rules](https://www.binance.com/en/trade-rule)
  * [Binance Airdrop Portal](https://www.binance.com/en/airdrop)
  * [Law Enforcement Requests](https://www.binance.com/en/support/law-enforcement)

Binance© 2024Cookie Preferences

We use "Strictly Necessary" cookies to keep our site reliable and secure. We’d
like to set additional cookies to understand site usage, make site
improvements, to remember your settings and to assist in our marketing
efforts.

Manage Cookies Reject Additional Cookies Accept Cookies & Continue

![Company Logo](https://cdn.cookielaw.org/logos/99f99939-5a0d-4feb-
aef3-ba45f16b6907/5bfb9945-c83c-46f9-8bd7-55e8fd1975b5/02e50907-93f6-477d-a8a2-d581dace49c2/binance-h.png)

## Privacy Preference Center

We use cookies to collect data which improves your experience while you
navigate through the website. Because we respect your right to privacy, you
can choose not to allow some types of cookies. The information does not
usually directly identify you but it might be about you, your preferences or
your device and is mostly used to improve the site making the site work as you
expect it to whilst giving you a personalised experience. Of course, we do all
this with your consent and in complete transparency. The cookies that are
categorized as "Strictly Necessary" are on by default and are stored on your
browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities and
security of the website. You can choose to enable or disable some or all of
the additional cookies if they are present, but disabling some of them may
affect your browsing experience.  
[Cookie Policy](https://www.binance.com/en/cookie-privacy)

Allow All

###  Manage Consent Preferences

#### Strictly Necessary Cookies

Always Active

These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched
off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by
you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy
preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block
or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then
work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.

Cookies Details‎

#### Functional Cookies

Functional Cookies

These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and
personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose
services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then
some or all of these services may not function properly.

Cookies Details‎

#### Targeting Cookies

Targeting Cookies

Targeting cookies may be set through our site by ourselves and our advertising
partners. First parties and third parties will use them to build a profile of
your interests based on the browsing information they collect from you, which
includes uniquely identifying your browser and terminal equipment. If you do
not allow these cookies you will still see basic advertising on your browser
that is generic and not based on your interests

Cookies Details‎

#### Performance Cookies

Performance Cookies

These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure
and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are
the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All
information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If
you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our
site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.

Cookies Details‎

Back Button

### Cookie List

Search Icon

Filter Icon

Clear

checkbox label label

Apply Cancel

Consent Leg.Interest

checkbox label label

checkbox label label

checkbox label label

Reject Additional Cookies Confirm My Choices

[![Powered by
Onetrust](https://cdn.cookielaw.org/logos/static/powered_by_logo.svg)](https://www.onetrust.com/products/cookie-
consent/)

