This website uses cookies to offer you a better browsing experience. Find out
more on how we use cookies.

Opt-out[Details](/privacy-policy#collection-of-information)

Accept

[![Solana](/_next/static/media/logotype.e4df684f.svg)](/)

  * Learn
  * Developers
  * Solutions
  * Network
  * Community

Search```K`

[Home](/validated)[Episodes](/validated/episodes)

[](https://feeds.simplecast.com/W1NI2v3Z)[](/twitter)

![](/_next/image?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Fsolana-podcast-
logo.0870e267.jpeg&w=384&q=75)

# The Enterprise Self-Custody Problem w/ Connor and Nicolas from Cordial
Systems

February 27th, 2024 | 34:40

[Recast](https://recast.simplecast.com/4f056a00-9c18-451c-97d9-b9ed854980b3)Subscribe[Download
MP3](https://chrt.fm/track/4G278/afp-12483-injected.calisto.simplecastaudio.com/a435e7a5-29da-42fc-
afa3-cc9a8c9c3aef/episodes/4f056a00-9c18-451c-97d9-b9ed854980b3/audio/128/default.mp3?awCollectionId=a435e7a5-29da-42fc-
afa3-cc9a8c9c3aef&awEpisodeId=4f056a00-9c18-451c-97d9-b9ed854980b3)

## Episode Summary

In this episode, Austin talks with Nicolas and Conor from Cordial Systems, an
enterprise custody solution initially developed for Jump Crypto. They discuss
how to build a self-custody solution that serves crypto-native businesses
without compromising the security standards of traditional systems. Nicolas
and Conor explain the limitations of current enterprise custody solutions and
how Cordial Systems addresses these issues. They also go into detail about
their approach to building a distributed policy layer and Cordial System's
architecture.

## Episode Notes

In this episode, Austin talks with Nicolas and Conor from Cordial Systems, an
enterprise custody solution initially developed for Jump Crypto. They discuss
how to build a self-custody solution that serves crypto-native businesses
without compromising the security standards of traditional systems. Nicolas
and Conor explain the limitations of current enterprise custody solutions and
how Cordial Systems addresses these issues. They also go into detail about
their approach to building a distributed policy layer and Cordial System's
architecture.



DISCLAIMER

The content herein is provided for educational, informational, and
entertainment purposes only, and does not constitute an offer to sell or a
solicitation of an offer to buy any securities, options, futures, or other
derivatives related to securities in any jurisdiction, nor should not be
relied upon as advice to buy, sell or hold any of the foregoing. This content
is intended to be general in nature and is not specific to you, the user or
anyone else. You should not make any decision, financial, investment, trading
or otherwise, based on any of the information presented without undertaking
independent due diligence and consultation with a professional advisor.
Solana Foundation Foundation and its agents, advisors, council members,
officers and employees (the “Foundation Parties”) make no representation or
warranties, expressed or implied, as to the accuracy of the information herein
and expressly disclaims any and all liability that may be based on such
information or any errors or omissions therein. The Foundation Parties shall
have no liability whatsoever, under contract, tort, trust or otherwise, to any
person arising from or related to the content or any use of the information
contained herein by you or any of your representatives. All opinions expressed
herein are the speakers’ own personal opinions and do not reflect the opinions
of any entities.

![](data:image/svg+xml,%3csvg%20xmlns=%27http://www.w3.org/2000/svg%27%20version=%271.1%27%20width=%27640%27%20height=%27640%27/%3e)![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIAAAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAAALAAAAAABAAEAAAIBRAA7)![](/_next/image?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Fsolana-
podcast-logo.0870e267.jpeg&w=1920&q=75)

Managed by

[](/)

[](/youtube)[](/twitter)[](/discord)[](/reddit)[](/github)[](/telegram)

© 2024 Solana Foundation. All rights reserved.

Solana

  * [Grants](https://solana.org/grants)
  * [Break Solana](https://break.solana.com/)
  * [Media Kit](/branding)
  * [Careers](https://jobs.solana.com/)
  * [Disclaimer](/tos)
  * [Privacy Policy](/privacy-policy)

Get Connected

  * [Ecosystem](/ecosystem)
  * [Blog](/news)
  * [Newsletter](/newsletter)

en

© 2024 Solana Foundation. All rights reserved.

![](https://t.co/1/i/adsct?bci=4&eci=3&event=%7B%7D&event_id=c91d2f77-35c1-4db2-acc7-4b9b6644d863&integration=gtm&p_id=Twitter&p_user_id=0&pl_id=d9674879-4e65-4ffc-9bcb-0b6d400f91da&tw_document_href=https%3A%2F%2Fsolana.com%2Fvalidated%2Fepisodes%2Fthe-
enterprise-self-custody-problem-w-connor-and-nicolas-from-cordial-
systems&tw_iframe_status=0&txn_id=o6jgu&type=javascript&version=2.3.30)![](https://analytics.twitter.com/1/i/adsct?bci=4&eci=3&event=%7B%7D&event_id=c91d2f77-35c1-4db2-acc7-4b9b6644d863&integration=gtm&p_id=Twitter&p_user_id=0&pl_id=d9674879-4e65-4ffc-9bcb-0b6d400f91da&tw_document_href=https%3A%2F%2Fsolana.com%2Fvalidated%2Fepisodes%2Fthe-
enterprise-self-custody-problem-w-connor-and-nicolas-from-cordial-
systems&tw_iframe_status=0&txn_id=o6jgu&type=javascript&version=2.3.30)

