Metaco.com will be sunset as of June 7, 2024

[Learn more](https://ripple.com/solutions/digital-asset-custody/ "Learn more")

Skip to main content

[![Metaco](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/logo.svg?x88149)![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/logo-w.svg?x88149)](https://www.metaco.com)

  * Solutions __

__Solutions

Solutions

    * [__Global Custodians Build tomorrow's market infrastructure ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/global-custodians-top-tier-banks/)
    * [__Universal Banks Satisfy demand for new asset classes ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/universal-banks/)
    * [__Neobanks & FintechsFind new routes to monetization ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/neobanks-fintechs/)
    * [__Regulated Exchanges Grow volumes and profit margins ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/regulated-exchanges/)
    * [__Corporates Boost customer loyalty and engagement ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/corporates/)

  * Platform __

__Platform

Platform

Deploy ambitious digital asset use cases with the most secure and versatile
infrastructure.

    * [__Harmonize™ Platform Overview Issue, store, trade, transfer, settle and service any type of digital asset. ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/harmonize/)
    * [__Custody Hot, warm and institutional cold storage ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/custody/)
    * [__Trading Powerful order execution, funding and settlement ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/trading/)
    * [__Web3 Web3 Portal spanning NFTs, DeFi and DApps ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/web3/)
    * [__Governance Entirely customizable risk and compliance controls ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/governance/)
    * [__Orchestration A single source of truth for managing all digital assets ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/orchestration/)
    * [__Tokenization Asset-agnostic smart contract management framework ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/tokenization/)
    * [__Integration Fully integrable platform following enterprise standards ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/integration/)
    * [__Security Highest protection against insider and external threats ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/security/)

  * Company __

__Company

Company

    * [__About](https://www.metaco.com/company/about/)
    * [__Media & news](https://www.metaco.com/company/media-coverage-press-releases/)
    * [__Careers](https://www.metaco.com/careers/)

  * Resources __

__Resources

Resources

    * [__Talks](https://www.metaco.com/resources/talks/)
    * [__Webinars](https://www.metaco.com/resources/webinars/)
    * [__Case studies](https://www.metaco.com/resources/case-studies/)
    * [__Reports](https://www.metaco.com/resources/reports/)
    * [__Blog](https://www.metaco.com/resources/blog/)

[Contact](https://www.metaco.com/contact/ "Contact")

[Blog](https://www.metaco.com/category/blog/)

# The blueprint for tailored security at scale in digital asset management

  *  __ December 17, 2020
  *  __12 min
  *  __Vincent Kobel (VP Cybersecurity at Metaco)

Share

  * [ __](https://www.linkedin.com/sharing/share-offsite/?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.metaco.com%2Fblog%2Fthe-blueprint-for-tailored-security-at-scale-in-digital-asset-management%2F)
  * [__](https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Metaco+https%3A%2F%2Fwww.metaco.com%2Fblog%2Fthe-blueprint-for-tailored-security-at-scale-in-digital-asset-management%2F+via+%40metaco_sa)

Cryptocurrency has been [one of the best performing assets in
2020](https://www.metaco.com/digital-assets-are-coming-of-age/) and now
represents a market worth over $550bn. In addition, the [world is moving
towards Central Bank Digital Currencies
(CBDCs)](https://www.forbes.com/sites/michaeldelcastillo/2020/08/24/cryptoconvert-
why-a-168-year-old-banknote-printer-will-soon-be-churning-out-digital-
drachmas-for-central-banks/?sh=5f5328771827) – digital Yuans and Euros –
faster than anyone could have conceived. However, financial institutions
aren’t yet ready for these new realities – at least not with their current
digital asset management setups.

[![Metaco Diagram - crypto vs. traditional assets](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/uploads/2020/12/BTC-vs-traditional-asset-performance-
YTD2020.jpg?x88149)](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/12/BTC-vs-
traditional-asset-performance-YTD2020.jpg?x88149)_Metaco Diagram – crypto vs.
traditional assets [click to zoom in]_

It’s not that banks don’t want to enter the digital assets space faster.
They’ve been contemplating the opportunity for years. However, it’s difficult
for them to pierce through the dense technical complexity associated with this
environment. After all, they aren’t technology companies – and they shouldn’t
need to be. What’s more, mining and wallet service compromises keep them
rightfully concerned about volatility and security issues.

Before financial organizations can commit to making digital assets a core part
of their business, they need to be sure they can secure them – robustly and at
scale.

Adopting and working with digital assets has intricate, deep implications for
heavily regulated organizations. Their sophisticated processes and layers of
complexity compel them to retain full control over security frameworks, their
implementation, and ramifications. That’s why products which evolved from
retail solutions – that often carry centralized points of failure – simply
don’t cut it.

Banks need [asset management security](https://medium.com/metaco/which-is-the-
best-technical-approach-to-digital-asset-security-eb0070e07098) **they**  can
control, deploy, and manage on their terms, according to their context. And
they need to be able to scale it as they need.

_“Is it even possible?”_ , you may ask yourself.

It absolutely is. At **[METACO](https://www.metaco.com/company/about/)** ,
we’re building security-critical infrastructure to propel traditional finance
into a new era. Here’s how.

### This is not an evolution. It’s a new territory with new risks.

There’s a pitfall delaying banks from becoming key actors in the digital asset
ecosystem. It lies in treating this space as an evolution of the overlap
between financials and technology.

But the truth is digital assets are not an evolution. They are **an entirely
new type of asset.**

For example, the standard multi-approval process banks are accustomed to
doesn’t work in this paradigm. To work and scale, security needs to be
sequential and fit for the specific risks that digital assets introduce. Let’s
explore what that involves.

#### BEWARE OF IRREVERSIBLE CONSEQUENCES

If, for instance, a cybercriminal gains access to an organization’s
cryptographic (private) keys, they can control them and steal the asset. Once
it’s in the wild, there’s no way of getting that asset back. You can’t undo
the action like banks can when they reverse erroneous payments.

When a risk associated with digital assets materializes, **the consequences
are irreversible**. Because ownership is based on private key management, that
is the most important risk to monitor, manage, and reduce.

We know it’s difficult to keep up with what’s going on in this area. It takes
too much bandwidth to figure out what truly matters because the digital assets
space moves very fast. That’s why we do it for you because this is our
specialty – all day, every day.

#### THE OPPORTUNITY TO BECOME DIGITAL ASSET CUSTODIANS

Digital assets are changing the ownership chain.

In the past, (physical) bearer assets implied that the holder was also the
owner, even though no ownership information was recorded. As dematerialized
assets started to play a more extensive role in the financial world, ownership
became centralized, with a ledger entry guaranteeing ownership.

Now, **whoever owns the private keys of a digital asset controls and owns it**
, without having to rely on a central party to facilitate that or ensure
security. Key holders become the custodian of their own (intangible) assets.

However, this leads to a fragmentation of risks that opens up a new and
critical role for financial institutions. Individuals having to secure their
own assets creates a pain point that financial institutions are ideally placed
to resolve given their long history of safeguarding customer assets – and
[regulators would also like them to move into this
space](https://www.occ.gov/news-issuances/news-releases/2020/nr-
occ-2020-98.html). This is therefore an essential opportunity to build
resilience and a strong foundation for future growth. But they shouldn’t go it
alone.

#### BUYING, NOT BUILDING, YOUR DIGITAL ASSET MANAGEMENT SOLUTION

Security challenges are coming towards banks faster and faster, more
frequently, and in much more varied forms. It’s [no wonder that 70% of US
chartered
banks](https://www.csbs.org/system/files/2020-03/CSBS_AR2019_FINAL.pdf)
identified this as the largest risk to their business. After all, the [2017
Equifax data breach](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Equifax) is still a fresh
and painful memory which other attacks and breaches regularly refresh.

Therefore, as financial institutions contemplate the implications of providing
safe custody for digital assets which, as already mentioned, are an entirely
new asset class requiring an entirely new approach to overcome entirely new
threats – they are much better off partnering with an expert provider than to
trying to build this technology and expertise themselves.

Working with specialists to architect this secure foundation lets banks
benefit from their massive R&D investments and deep expertise. Additionally,
they don’t have to worry about attracting and retaining technical talent which
sometimes leaves the organization in pursuit of their own start-up.

### The elements that underpin tailored security at scale in digital asset
management

To build a secure and highly scalable digital asset management infrastructure,
you need to intimately know how a bank operates. This includes the
prerequisite that controls go well beyond securing endpoints and the
perimeter.

To reap the growth opportunities in the fast-paced digital asset space,
financial institutions need **a dynamic programmable policy engine**  to
implement their workflows. The goal is to **make all the processes secure from
start to finish**. This encompasses signing keys, tokenization, smart
contracts, access rights, permissions, user groups, and workflows.

**Digital asset security must cover the bank’s entire technology stack**  with
a uniform, flexible framework.

To achieve this, financial organizations need sequential workflows based on
user groups that can change according to a myriad of rules, from asset class
to transaction size and beyond.

We deeply understand these challenges and provide the **unified solution for
all protocols that financial institutions need**  to integrate these
decentralized digital assets into their core infrastructure.

Two essential factors must combine to ensure this solution works across the
board and scales to meet regulatory requirements.

####

#### ZERO-TRUST SECURITY

One of the core conditions for tailored, scalable security is to apply the
zero trust principles. In this threat model, **everyone is considered a
threat**. All users outside and inside the organization have to be
authenticated and authorized. They must continuously validate their identities
against strict access controls to applications and data.

This **eliminates centralized points of failure**  and enables banks to
address the entire growing roster of threat vectors lurking in the public
space, the permissioned space, or their sub-sectors.

**Zero trust protects digital assets according to the highest threat threshold
at all times**. What’s more, we reinforce this principle by constantly
tracking emerging developments in crypto-asset security and feeding them into
this security posture. This enables us to maintain our technical and
operational agility while also embracing innovations and developments – and
help our customers do the same.

####

#### AGNOSTIC DEPLOYMENT

The second factor that underpins bespoke security has to do with the way
financial organizations operate. There’s no one-size-fits-all solution for
them. That’s why we choose to remain agnostic so **our customers retain full
control over how they deploy our solutions**.

Tailored security means they don’t have to choose between hardware-based and
software-driven solutions because [our digital asset management
system](https://www.metaco.com/platform/harmonize/) accommodates any
combination they need. Because we designed it for versatility, our wallet
management system supports hot, warm, and cold (air-gapped) configurations. It
combines them with fine-grained approval workflows for a wide range of
distributed ledger technologies and cryptocurrencies.

[![Metaco Diagram - tailored security for digital asset
management](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/12/Tailored-
security-for-digital-asset-management.jpg?x88149)](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/uploads/2020/12/Tailored-security-for-digital-asset-
management.jpg?x88149)_Metaco Diagram – tailored security for digital asset
management [click to zoom in]_

To provide all of this, [we work with top-tier global
partners](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/top-tier-banks/) and ensure banks
can deploy **both hardware-based security**  which they’re deeply familiar
with – **and cloud-based custody**  in virtual environments with equally
powerful safeguards.

**No matter where and how**  METACO customers choose to implement our digital
asset management system, they get the same reliable security, flexibility, and
resilience.

This highly secure, **multi-tiered infrastructure for self-custody and
tokenization**  enables financial institutions to scale their security to
everything they do in the digital assets space.

As both financial organizations and digital assets evolve, new growth
opportunities emerge. Banks might want to integrate and consume services from
3rd party providers, such as chain forensics. We provide this capability as
well, making it easy to incorporate them into**  configurable and compliant
workflows**. The tight integration of software services and hardware security
enables this and a lot more.

### The bank-controlled framework that works across the digital asset
management stack

We’re as engineering-led as we are focused on business growth. We leveraged
our deep knowledge of how banks operate to build a security framework fit to
capture [the opportunity that digital assets provide as they’re coming of
age](https://medium.com/metaco/digital-assets-are-coming-of-age-7866cc362d1a).

Whether setting up an individual or a microservice or building groups and
workflows, we enable a key holder to create any sort of secure framework they
want – across transactions and user setups.

This type of flexibility is instrumental for large, complex organizations that
want to successfully and productively operate in the digital asset space.

Minimizing risks across decentralized digital assets has a powerful compound
effect. It also **enables the essential balance between security and
usability**  that keeps organizations productive and thriving. What’s more,
the customer is always in control, making decisions that benefit the business
and its end users.

From keeping the foundations for tokenizing finance (smart contracts) secure
to every other element involved in managing a digital asset, banks get a
universal framework they can apply to their entire digital stack, scaling it
as it expands and connects to ecosystem partners.

What’s even more exciting is that we’ll soon be making our enterprise grade
digital asset management system [available as
SaaS](https://www.metaco.com/platform/harmonize/) to companies who don’t have
as many operational resources to engage in this sphere. This means it will be
even easier for them to leverage our R&D and our technology, which
incorporates changes in blockchains, new protocols, new tokenization
standards, and new forms of cryptography. All without managing that tech stack
and retaining control of their keys.

With tailored security, organizations get to design how they want to manage it
without having to deal with all the complexity. This is what we envision for
the near future. For those ready to start building, [there’s a $550bn
opportunity to seize now and plenty more to come](https://www.metaco.com/its-
time-to-take-a-fresh-look-at-the-crypto-market/).

[![Enterprise-grade digital asset management, now as-a-
service](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/11/Concept-V2-self-
custody.jpg?x88149)](https://www.metaco.com/solutions/silo-saas-digital-
assets-self-custody/)_Enterprise-grade digital asset management, now as-a-
service_

###

![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/footer.png?x88149)

## **Explore** more

  * ![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/02/ripple-metaco-logo-globe-1-640x638.png?x88149)

[Blog](https://www.metaco.com/category/blog/)

February 29, 2024### [Building for the Digital Asset Future with
Ripple](https://www.metaco.com/blog/building-digital-asset-future-with-ripple/
"Building for the Digital Asset Future with Ripple")

  * ![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/02/blog-1200-640x335.jpg?x88149)

[Blog](https://www.metaco.com/category/blog/)

February 16, 2024### [Preparing for a paradigm shift in financial
services](https://www.metaco.com/blog/paradigm-shift-rajeev-tummala-hsbc/
"Preparing for a paradigm shift in financial services")

  * ![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/01/blog-banner.jpg?x88149)

[Blog](https://www.metaco.com/category/blog/)

January 25, 2024### [UAE as a thriving digital assets’ hub: progressive
regulation spurs innovation](https://www.metaco.com/blog/uae-as-a-thriving-
digital-assets-hub-progressive-regulation-spurs-innovation/ "UAE as a thriving
digital assets’ hub: progressive regulation spurs innovation")

[![Metaco](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/logo-w.svg?x88149)](https://www.metaco.com)

  * [Solutions](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/)
    * [Global Custodians](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/global-custodians-top-tier-banks/)
    * [Universal Banks](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/universal-banks/)
    * [Neobanks & Fintechs](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/neobanks-fintechs/)
    * [Regulated Exchanges](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/regulated-exchanges/)
    * [Corporates](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/corporates/)
  * [Platform](https://www.metaco.com/platform/)
    * [Harmonize™](https://www.metaco.com/platform/harmonize/)
    * [Custody](https://www.metaco.com/platform/custody/)
    * [Trading](https://www.metaco.com/platform/trading/)
    * [Web3](https://www.metaco.com/platform/web3/)
    * [Governance](https://www.metaco.com/platform/governance/)
    * [Orchestration](https://www.metaco.com/platform/orchestration/)
    * [Tokenization](https://www.metaco.com/platform/tokenization/)
    * [Integration](https://www.metaco.com/platform/integration/)
    * [Security](https://www.metaco.com/platform/security/)
  * [Company](https://www.metaco.com/company/media-coverage-press-releases/)
    * [About](https://www.metaco.com/company/about/)
    * [Media & news](https://www.metaco.com/company/media-coverage-press-releases/)
    * [Jobs](https://www.metaco.com/jobs/)
  * [Resources](https://www.metaco.com/resources/)
    * [Talks](https://www.metaco.com/resources/talks/)
    * [Webinars](https://www.metaco.com/resources/webinars/)
    * [Case studies](https://www.metaco.com/resources/case-studies/)
    * [Reports](https://www.metaco.com/resources/reports/)
    * [Blog](https://www.metaco.com/resources/blog/)

![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/10/sco2.png?x88149)![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/10/iso27001.png?x88149)

  * [__](https://www.twitter.com/metaco_sa "Twitter: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")
  * [__](https://www.linkedin.com/company/metaco-ag/ "Linkedin: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")
  * [__](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC4MLOKnJD9bXfHVXMnHM7ow "Youtube: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")
  * [__](https://open.spotify.com/show/0IiI7iftR3F3RqinfJbpRT "Spotify: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")

© 2015-2024 - Metaco SA - All Rights Reserved |[ Terms & Conditions](https://www.metaco.com/terms-conditions/) | [Privacy Policy](https://www.metaco.com/privacy-policy/) | [Cookie policy](https://www.metaco.com/cookie-policy/)

