[](https://www.binance.com/en)

[Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/crypto/buy)

[Markets](https://www.binance.com/en/markets/overview)

Trade

Basic

  * [SpotBuy and sell on the Spot market with advanced tools](https://www.binance.com/en/trade/BTC_USDT?type=spot)
  * [MarginIncrease your profits with leverage](https://www.binance.com/en/trade?type=cross)
  * [P2PBuy & sell cryptocurrencies using bank transfer and 800+ options](https://p2p.binance.com/en)
  * [Convert & Block TradeThe easiest way to trade at all sizes](https://www.binance.com/en/convert)

Advanced

  * [Trading BotsTrade smarter with our various automated strategies - easy, fast and reliable](https://www.binance.com/en/trading-bots)
  * [Copy TradingFollow the most popular traders](https://www.binance.com/en/copy-trading)
  * [APIsUnlimited opportunities with one key](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-api)

[Futures](https://www.binance.com/en/futures/home)

  * [USDⓈ-M FuturesContracts settled in USDT and USDC](https://www.binance.com/en/futures)
  * [COIN-M FuturesContracts settled in cryptocurrency](https://www.binance.com/en/delivery)
  * [OptionsUSDT Options with limited downside and affordable entry](https://www.binance.com/en/eoptions)

[Earn](https://www.binance.com/en/earn)

[Square](https://www.binance.com/en/square)

  * [SquareStay informed with everything crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/square)
  * [Academy (Learn & Earn)Earn crypto by learning about blockchain](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn)
  * [BlogExpand your knowledge and get the latest insights](https://www.binance.com/en/blog)
  * [ResearchInstitutional-grade analysis, in-depth insights, and more](https://www.binance.com/en/research)

More

  * [VIP & InstitutionalYour trusted digital asset platform for VIPs and institutions](https://www.binance.com/en/vip-institutional-services)
  * [Launchpad & LaunchpoolDiscover and gain access to new token launches](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)
  * [MegadropLock your BNB and complete Web3 quests for boosted airdrop rewards](https://www.binance.com/en/megadrop)
  * [Mining PoolMine more rewards by connecting to the pool](https://pool.binance.com/en)
  * [PaySend, receive and spend crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/payment)
  * [LoansGet an instant loan secured by crypto assets](https://www.binance.com/en/loan)

  * [NFTExplore NFTs from creators worldwide](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/home)
  * [Fan TokenDiscover an all-new fandom and unlock unlimited fan experiences](https://www.binance.com/en/fan-token)
  * [Web3 WalletMeet the next-generation Web3 wallet](https://www.binance.com/en/web3wallet)
  * [BNB ChainThe most popular blockchain to build your own dApp](https://www.bnbchain.org)
  * [CharityBlockchain empowers charity to be more transparent, efficient, and traceable](https://www.binance.charity)

##### [Binance Blog](/blog)

# Introducing Our Risk-Free Mock Copy Trading Feature

2024-01-17

## Main Takeaways

  * Mock Copy Trading on Binance is a risk-free, educational feature that simulates real Copy Trading, allowing users to practice and learn with virtual test funds.

  * Expand your trading insights by engaging with up to 10 different lead traders, each allocated $10,000 USDT, providing an educational spectrum of strategies.

  * Use Mock Copy Trading as a tool to not only familiarize yourself with futures trading nuances but also to build confidence and refine your skills for real-world trading.

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20240117/5254cc88-a93a-4d4b-bb99-03ba6131017f)

Welcome to the exciting world of Mock Copy Trading on Binance, a cutting-edge
feature where you can explore the nuances of Copy Trading with absolutely zero
risk.

As you step further into the world of cryptocurrency trading, Binance is
committed to offering you a comprehensive and realistic experience in a safe
and educational environment. Let’s embark on a journey to understand what Mock
Copy Trading is all about, and how it can be your first step towards becoming
a more proficient futures trader.

## What is Mock Copy Trading?

Mock Copy Trading on Binance is an innovative feature that simulates the real-
world experience of Copy Trading. Armed with a virtual fund of up to $100,000
USDT in test money, you can dive into the dynamic world of crypto futures
trading without the worry of actual financial risks. This is an invaluable
tool for beginners and experienced traders alike, providing a hands-on
approach to learning and honing strategies.

## Understanding Copy Trading: The Foundation of Mock Copy Trading

Before diving into Mock Copy Trading, it’s crucial to grasp the concept of
Copy Trading, the cornerstone of this simulated experience. Copy Trading is an
innovative feature offered by Binance Futures, designed to democratize trading
by enabling less experienced users to mirror the trades of more seasoned
traders, thereby leveraging their knowledge, expertise and strategies.

### How Does Copy Trading Work?

1\. **Selection of Lead Traders** : You start by choosing a lead trader based
on their performance metrics like return on investment, trading history, and
strategies.

2\. **Automatic Replication** : Once you commit to copying a trader, their
trades are replicated in your account, with the trade size adjusted according
to your investment.

3\. **Shared Outcomes** : As the lead trader earns profits, so do you.
Conversely, their losses translate to your losses as well.

For a deeper dive into the intricacies of Copy Trading, how to get started,
the benefits it offers, and the critical aspects to consider, we highly
recommend visiting our comprehensive [_Copy Trading
Blog_](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/futures/introducing-copy-trading-
leverage-the-power-of-experts-7211002276810535150). It’s an essential read to
fully appreciate the dynamics of Copy Trading and how it forms the basis for
our Mock Trading feature.

## The Risk-Free World of Mock Copy Trading

Mock Copy Trading isn’t just a feature; it's a comprehensive tool designed to
provide you with a practical and risk-free platform to explore the intricacies
of futures trading. In this section, we’ll delve into the key aspects of Mock
Copy Trading, highlighting its educational value, realistic simulation, and
the unique opportunities it offers.

**Educational Experience** : Designed for educational purposes, Mock Copy
Trading allows you to explore various trading strategies and understand market
dynamics without any real investment.

**Realistic Simulation** : Engage in a realistic trading environment that
mirrors the actual market conditions, giving you a taste of what real copy
trading feels like.

**Zero Risk, Maximum Learning** : With no real money involved, you can
experiment, make mistakes, and learn from Lead Traders without the fear of
financial loss.

**Explore Diverse Strategies** : Mock Copy up to 10 lead traders with $10k
USDT allocated to each, offering you a broad spectrum of strategies and
trading styles.

**Easy Opt-Out** : The Mock Trading feature can be turned off at any time.

## How to Get Started: Your Step-by-Step Guide to Mock Trading

Engaging in Mock Copy Trading is a straightforward process designed to offer a
seamless and educational experience in the world of Copy Trading. Whether
you’re a beginner or just looking to refine your skills without financial
risks, Mock Copy Trading is your ideal platform. Here’s a step-by-step guide
on how to start Mock Copy Trading on Binance:

**1\. Create or Log in to Your Binance Account:** To begin, log in to your
Binance account. If you don’t have an account yet, you'll need to create one.

**2\. Navigate to Copy Trading:** Head over to the Copy Trading page by
visiting [_Binance Copy Trading_](https://www.binance.com/en/copy-trading).
This is your gateway to exploring the world of Copy Trading.

**3\. Explore Lead Traders:** On the Copy Trading page, you’ll find a list of
lead traders. Take your time to review their Return on Investment (ROI),
Profit and Loss (PNL), and other vital statistics. For a deeper insight, you
can click on each profile to view additional information such as Positions,
Position History, Trade History, and so on.

**4\. Initiate Mock Copy Trading:** Once you’ve identified a lead trader you
wish to mock copy, click the [**mock copy**] button. This allocates 10,000
USDT of test money enabling you to observe how your chosen strategy would
perform under real market conditions.

**5\. Follow Multiple Lead Traders** : Binance allows you to follow up to 10
lead traders in Mock Copy Trading, with each allocated 10,000 USDT of test
money. This enables you to diversify your learning experience across different
trading styles and strategies.

**6\. Monitor Your Mock Trading Portfolio** : To review your Mock Trading
activities, return to the Copy Trading homepage and click on the ‘My Copy
Trading’ banner. On the subsequent page, activate the Mock Copy Trading toggle
to view all your mock copy trades, broken down by lead trader, along with your
ROI and Unrealized PNL (USDT).

**7\. Close Your Mock Trading Portfolio Anytime** : You have the flexibility
to close a mock copy trading portfolio whenever you wish. Upon closing, the
system will display your final ROI and unrealized PNL from the initial mock
copy amount of 10,000 USDT. Once a mock portfolio is closed, previous
simulated trade data will no longer be displayed.

By following these steps, you can immerse yourself in the practical and risk-
free world of Mock Copy Trading on Binance. This feature is designed to
provide a comprehensive learning experience, equipping you with the necessary
skills and knowledge.

## Final Thoughts: Your Journey, Your Pace

Whether you’re a beginner eager to learn or an experienced trader looking to
refine your skills, Mock Copy Trading on Binance is your first step towards
mastering the art of copy trading. Start your risk-free journey today and pave
your way to becoming a trading pro!

It’s an opportunity to:

**1\. Learn and Experiment** : Familiarize yourself with the mechanics of copy
trading, test various strategies, and discover what works best for you.

**2\. Build Confidence** : Gain the confidence needed to engage in real
trading by practicing in a risk-free environment.

**3\. Sharpen Your Skills** : Use Mock Copy Trading as a tool to refine your
trading skills, decision-making ability, and understanding of market trends.

At Binance, we believe in empowering you with knowledge and tools. Mock Copy
Trading isn’t just about simulating trades; it’s about building a foundation
for a successful trading future. Take your time, learn at your own pace, and
then move on to real copy trading only when you’re ready. With $100K in
virtual test funds at your disposal, why wait? Start your Mock Copy Trading
journey today – where learning meets opportunity!

## Further Reading

  * [ _Introducing Copy Trading: Leverage the Power of Experts_](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/futures/introducing-copy-trading-leverage-the-power-of-experts-7211002276810535150)

  * [ _Demystifying the Futures Grid Bot_](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/markets/demystifying-the-futures-grid-bot-5592639286007523221)

  * [ _The Ultimate Guide to Trading on Binance Futures_](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/futures/the-ultimate-guide-to-trading-on-binance-futures-8534557745009080271)

 _**Disclaimer**_ _: Binance is not responsible for any trading decisions of
copiers and/or traders whereas any content/material/information and/or past
performance should not be construed as an indication of future results as it
is used for informative purposes only. You should perform your own research
and should not rely on the opinion/advice of the signal provider (s) and/or
trader (s) as such do not constitute financial advice and should be treated
with caution. It is further not guaranteed that what any profits and/or losses
of the signal provider will be achieved by the copier whereas Binance cannot
secure that a trade/position will be executed at the same time as the signal
provider and/or order price and a higher amount may be lost as can be affected
by numerous variants such as account balance, number of deposits/withdrawals,
market, account settings and features of the signal provider’s account._

_Attention must also be placed on the variations between past performance and
the actual results of the copy trading as there are inherent differences such
as financial risk and ability to incur losses at the time of trading.
Therefore, should you decide to engage in copy trading, you agree to proceed
at your own responsibility and any opinions/view expressed between traders
and/or signal providers do not amount to investment advice and/or financial
advice either directly and/or indirectly. All traders should seek independent
financial and/or tax advice should they decide to proceed with copy trading
and they remain responsible for any actions and/or trading decisions on their
trading account prior and/or once they engage with copy trading._

Like this post

###### Share Post

Article Outlines

Introducing Our Risk-Free Mock Copy Trading Feature

Main Takeaways

What is Mock Copy Trading?

Understanding Copy Trading: The Foundation of Mock Copy Trading

The Risk-Free World of Mock Copy Trading

How to Get Started: Your Step-by-Step Guide to Mock Trading

Final Thoughts: Your Journey, Your Pace

Further Reading

### Community

[](https://discord.gg/jE4wt8g2H2)[](https://www.binance.com/en/community)[](https://www.tiktok.com/@binance?lang=en)[](https://www.facebook.com/binance)[](https://twitter.com/binance)[](https://www.reddit.com/r/binance)[](https://www.instagram.com/Binance/)[](https://coinmarketcap.com/exchanges/binance/)[](https://www.youtube.com/binanceyoutube)[](https://www.binance.com/en/community)

USD-$

USD-$

AED-د.إ

ARS-ARS$

AUD-A$

BDT-৳

BGN-лв

BHD-.د.ب

BOB-$b

BRL-R$

CAD-C$

CHF-CHF

CNY-¥

COP-COL$

CZK-Kč

DKK-KR

EGP-E£

EUR-€

GBP-£

HKD-HKD

HRK-kn

HUF-Ft

IDR-Rp

INR-₹

JPY-¥

KES-KSh

KWD-ك.د

KZT-₸

MAD-م.د.

MNT-₮

MXN-Mex$

NZD-NZ$

OMR-ر.ع.

PEN-S/.

PHP-₱

PKR-₨

PLN-zł

QAR-ر.ق

RON-lei

RUB-₽

SAR-ر.س

SEK-kr

THB-฿

TRY-₺

TWD-NT$

UAH-₴

UGX-USh

VES-Bs

VND-₫

ZAR-R

Theme

USD

Theme

### About Us

  * [About](https://www.binance.com/en/about)
  * [Careers](https://www.binance.com/en/careers)
  * [Announcements](https://www.binance.com/en/support/announcement)
  * [News](https://www.binance.com/en/square/news/all)
  * [Press](https://www.binance.com/en/press)
  * [Legal](https://www.binance.com/en/legal/home)
  * [Terms](https://www.binance.com/en/terms)
  * [Privacy](https://www.binance.com/en/about-legal/privacy-portal)
  * [Building Trust](https://www.binance.com/en/land/building_trust)
  * [Blog](https://www.binance.com/en/blog)
  * [Community](https://www.binance.com/en/community)
  * [Sitemap](https://www.binance.com/en/country-region-selector)
  * [Risk Warning](https://www.binance.com/en/risk-warning)
  * [Notices](https://www.binance.com/en/support/list/notices)
  * [Downloads](https://www.binance.com/en/download)
  * [Desktop Application](https://www.binance.com/en/desktop-download)

### Products

  * [Exchange](https://www.binance.com/en/trade)
  * [Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/buy-sell-crypto)
  * [Leveraged Tokens](https://www.binance.com/en/leveraged-tokens/tokens/allTokens)
  * [TradingView](https://www.binance.com/en/land/tradingview)
  * [Pay](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/payment)
  * [Academy](https://academy.binance.com/en)
  * [Live](https://www.binance.com/en/live)
  * [Tax](https://www.binance.com/en/tax)
  * [Gift Card](https://www.binance.com/en/gift-card)
  * [Launchpad & Launchpool](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)
  * [Auto-Invest](https://www.binance.com/en/auto-invest)
  * [ETH Staking](https://www.binance.com/en/eth2)
  * [NFT](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/home)
  * [BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/bnb)
  * [BABT](https://www.binance.com/en/BABT?source=footer)
  * [Research](https://www.binance.com/en/research)
  * [Charity](https://www.binance.charity)

### Business

  * [P2P Merchant Application](https://c2c.binance.com/en/merchantApplication)
  * [P2Pro Merchant Application](https://p2p.binance.com/en/p2pro)
  * [Listing Application](https://www.binance.com/en/my/coin-apply)
  * [Institutional & VIP Services](https://www.binance.com/en/vip-institutional-services)
  * [Labs](https://labs.binance.com/)

### Learn

  * [Learn & Earn](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn)
  * [Browse Crypto Prices](https://www.binance.com/en/price)
  * [Bitcoin Price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/bitcoin)
  * [Ethereum Price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/ethereum)
  * [Browse Crypto Price Predictions](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction)
  * [Bitcoin Price Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction/bitcoin)
  * [Ethereum Price Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction/ethereum)
  * [Buy Bitcoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bitcoin)
  * [Buy BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bnb)
  * [Buy Ripple](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/xrp)
  * [Buy Dogecoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/dogecoin)
  * [Buy Ethereum](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/ethereum)
  * [Buy Tradable Altcoins](https://www.binance.com/en/altcoins/tradable)

### Service

  * [Affiliate](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/affiliate)
  * [Referral](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/referral?utm_source=Lite_web_footer)
  * [OTC Trading](https://www.binance.com/en/otc)
  * [Historical Market Data](https://www.binance.com/en/landing/data)
  * [Proof of Reserves](https://www.binance.com/en/proof-of-reserves)

### Support

  * [24/7 Chat Support](https://www.binance.com/en/chat?sourceEntry=4)
  * [Support Center](https://www.binance.com/en/support)
  * [Product Feedback & Suggestions](https://www.binance.com/en/my/user-support/feedback/entry)
  * [Fees](https://www.binance.com/en/fee/schedule)
  * [APIs](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-api)
  * [Binance Verify](https://www.binance.com/en/official-verification)
  * [Trading Rules](https://www.binance.com/en/trade-rule)
  * [Binance Airdrop Portal](https://www.binance.com/en/airdrop)
  * [Law Enforcement Requests](https://www.binance.com/en/support/law-enforcement)

Binance© 2024Cookie Preferences

