Metaco.com will be sunset as of June 7, 2024

[Learn more](https://ripple.com/solutions/digital-asset-custody/ "Learn more")

Skip to main content

[![Metaco](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/logo.svg?x88149)![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/logo-w.svg?x88149)](https://www.metaco.com)

  * Solutions __

__Solutions

Solutions

    * [__Global Custodians Build tomorrow's market infrastructure ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/global-custodians-top-tier-banks/)
    * [__Universal Banks Satisfy demand for new asset classes ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/universal-banks/)
    * [__Neobanks & FintechsFind new routes to monetization ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/neobanks-fintechs/)
    * [__Regulated Exchanges Grow volumes and profit margins ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/regulated-exchanges/)
    * [__Corporates Boost customer loyalty and engagement ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/corporates/)

  * Platform __

__Platform

Platform

Deploy ambitious digital asset use cases with the most secure and versatile
infrastructure.

    * [__Harmonize™ Platform Overview Issue, store, trade, transfer, settle and service any type of digital asset. ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/harmonize/)
    * [__Custody Hot, warm and institutional cold storage ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/custody/)
    * [__Trading Powerful order execution, funding and settlement ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/trading/)
    * [__Web3 Web3 Portal spanning NFTs, DeFi and DApps ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/web3/)
    * [__Governance Entirely customizable risk and compliance controls ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/governance/)
    * [__Orchestration A single source of truth for managing all digital assets ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/orchestration/)
    * [__Tokenization Asset-agnostic smart contract management framework ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/tokenization/)
    * [__Integration Fully integrable platform following enterprise standards ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/integration/)
    * [__Security Highest protection against insider and external threats ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/security/)

  * Company __

__Company

Company

    * [__About](https://www.metaco.com/company/about/)
    * [__Media & news](https://www.metaco.com/company/media-coverage-press-releases/)
    * [__Careers](https://www.metaco.com/careers/)

  * Resources __

__Resources

Resources

    * [__Talks](https://www.metaco.com/resources/talks/)
    * [__Webinars](https://www.metaco.com/resources/webinars/)
    * [__Case studies](https://www.metaco.com/resources/case-studies/)
    * [__Reports](https://www.metaco.com/resources/reports/)
    * [__Blog](https://www.metaco.com/resources/blog/)

[Contact](https://www.metaco.com/contact/ "Contact")

[Talks](https://www.metaco.com/category/talks/)

METACO TALKS EP. 13

# Embracing the Digital Asset Opportunity

  *  __ May 21, 2021
  *  __30 min

Share

  * [ __](https://www.linkedin.com/sharing/share-offsite/?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.metaco.com%2Ftalks%2Fembracing-the-digital-asset-opportunity-w-lory-kehoe%2F)
  * [__](https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Metaco+https%3A%2F%2Fwww.metaco.com%2Ftalks%2Fembracing-the-digital-asset-opportunity-w-lory-kehoe%2F+via+%40metaco_sa)

Welcome to  **[METACO TALKS](https://www.metaco.com/metaco-talks/)**  – Live
conversations with the people operating at the frontier of crypto innovation:
entrepreneurs, bankers, investors, fund administrators, traders, analysts and
other crypto and digital asset market participants. Our objective is to help
the broader ecosystem navigate this complex environment and unlock the market
opportunity.

This podcast is hosted by **[METACO](https://www.metaco.com/)**  – the leading
provider of security-critical infrastructure enabling financial institutions
to enter the digital asset ecosystem.

Our guest is [Lory Kehoe](https://www.linkedin.com/in/lory-kehoe/), Director
of Digital Assets & Blockchain at [BNY Mellon](https://www.bnymellon.com/).
Lory is an outcome focused, data-driven, hands-on experienced executive with
over seven years global blockchain and digital assets experience and has
delivered production blockchain implementations for global financial
institutions, as well as many pilots, prototypes and PoCs. He is a seasoned
published thought leader on blockchain and fintech in The Financial Times,
Forbes and across Irish media. He played an active role in establishing The
European Commission’s global blockchain group, [INATBA](https://inatba.org/).

**[00:02:20]**  How does BNY Mellon see the digital asset space evolving?

**[00:05:36]**   How difficult is it to move the BNY Mellon ship to focus on
digital assets?

**[00:16:15]**  How do you culturally innovate in a big bank?

**[00:23:13]** Can digital assets be compatible with ESG?

![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2021/05/mt-speaker_ep-13_light-
blue_640x371px-e1675442788887.png?x88149)

Disclaimer: This is not investment advice.

### Full transcript

**Craig:  **[00:00:00] Welcome to METACO TALKS. My name is Craig Perrin, I’m
the VP of Sales at METACO. This is a weekly discussion, topical issues,
thought leadership related to digital assets and cryptocurrencies. The
recordings will be on the website as usual. Please subscribe for future
events, and we look forward to hearing your reviews.

Today, I’m joined by Lory Kehoe, Digital Assets and Blockchain Director at
Bank of New York Mellon. Lory, good morning. Happy Friday!



**Lory:  **Good morning, happy Friday!



**Craig:  **How’s it going?



**Lory:  **Things are going good, despite it being absolutely miserable in May
here in Dublin. I have no other words for it. It’s been fantastic but the
weather needs to start playing a bit of ball for us over here. What about you?



**Craig:  **I have to say, I’m currently in London, and the weather is a bit
gray and gloomy as well. I share the pain. Hopefully we can brighten the
Friday morning with some good conversation. Lory, just very quickly before we
kick off, a couple of quick points on your role at Bank of New York Mellon,
outline that for us. That’d be great.



**Lory:  **I joined the bank back in January. I have been working in the
blockchain space and digital asset space for nearly eight years. Started out
doing work in the blockchain area with Deloitte, and then helped build
Deloitte’s blockchain lab based at Dublin, with some great people. Did some
work in Hong Kong, doing something very similar. Then joined Consensus, which
is focused on the Ethereum platform – helped build the entity in Ireland.

I was very fortunate to get to know some of the folks in BNY Mellon over the
years and in my time with Deloitte and with Consensus as well. I was very
fortunate to join the bank back in January. I’m part of a team of folks who
are in the digital assets unit. We’re really helping the bank execute on the
digital asset initiatives in all parts of the business.

I’s a case where I’m not alone, there are many of me that work in a way,
developing products, listening to clients, and helping to bring our solutions
to life/



#### How does BNY Mellon see the digital asset space evolving?

**Craig:  **[00:02:20] I have spent many years in my career working on the
opposite side of the table to Bank of New York Mellon. But I know the
organization very well as a very formidable global custodian. How does Bank of
New York Mellon now see the digital assets space evolving? Clearly a leading
global custodian in the traditional asset space, but how is that evolving?
How’s the view of Bank of New York Mellon evolving in the digital assets
space?



**Lory:  **The way we look at it is very much as evolutionary rather than
revolutionary. I think this goes back to what the bank has been doing for many
years. I’m still learning about the bank’s history and what’s going on. For
over 230 years the bank has been innovating, creating new products and
services. But ultimately, Craig, much like your role and your roles in the
past, it’s about listening to clients, understanding their needs, and about
developing solutions.

We see digital assets as an emerging asset class, but for us we’re proud to be
part of the digitization of this area in the same way you guys are. That’s for
us I think really exciting, what our clients are excited about, and
personally. That’s the fun part of my job.



**Craig:  **You mentioned clients. Obviously you guys will look off to some of
the biggest asset managers, insurance companies, pension funds globally. How
is the underlying demand, and what do clients ask you for?



**Lory:  **Great question. What are we seeing here? I was chatting to some
clients yesterday around this. I think I’d probably put it into three
categories. They’re looking to understand what’s going on. That’s probably
number one. After our announcements that we said in February, that we’re
providing digital asset custody, they’re looking to understand what that
means, what that looks like? They’re understanding to learn more in general
about digital assets. Then finally, they’re looking to partner. We’re all on
this journey together, and I think the privileged role that I have and that
the bank has is that our clients are coming to us, looking for us to be a
trusted advisor in relation to this technology.

It’s different to what’s there today. Our job is to try and help them
navigate: what’s going on? How does it work? When are services available? What
are the other considerations?

The demand that’s there really has been growing and building for several
years. What I would say, is a few years ago one or two clients coming out in
relation to looking for custody services or other services in relation to
digital assets is interesting. But as that drum beat grows consistently over
weeks and months, then it becomes an imperative for us.



#### How difficult is it to move the BNY Mellon ship to focus on digital
assets?

**Craig:  **[00:05:36] A lot of the organizations, banks, of a tier one
science are very much led by client demand. I understand very much your points
that you made around what clients are looking for. Is that what’s driven the
business case at Bank of New York Mellon to move into digital assets?

Clearly there has to be an underlying current demand, there has to be a market
space that the management team believe in. But is that what has built the
business case, or is there other components?



**Lory:  **100%, I think that’s the major driver here. It’s not a case where
I’ve come into the bank, jumping up and down and saying this is important.
That would be interesting. But what we are seeing is, right across all lines
of business within the bank and from all our different client types, we are
seeing interest in relation to digital assets.

Like any product company, like any service company, like any startup out there
as well, what’s the core to your business? The core to your business is to
understand what products or services you have today, what are your customers
looking for, and then how do you carefully listen to them? This is something
that I think is an underestimated, underused skill – but carefully listen to
them as to what they want. Then start documenting what that is, and start
developing or co-developing solutions so that you have products and services
that meet their needs.

For me, I think the older I get the more important it is for me to shut up and
listen. I think I’ve also surrounded myself with the folks in the team that
I’m in, there’s a team of great listeners and I’m picking up their tricks of
the trade as to what questions they’re asking so we can get to the real detail
as to what are the things that are really important to build. That’s what
we’re listening to, that’s what we’re building, and that’s hopefully the
products that we’re going to create.



**Craig:  **You mentioned the business division that you’re part of. I spend
majority of my time talking to clients about the creation of capability to
support client demand. A lot of that client demand is not coming within
banking for one particular business area. For example, is it the custody, the
sub custody, the direct custody business, which is so large at the Bank of New
York Mellon, that’s looking to facilitate that product development?



**Lory:  **I think after our announcement; it was in the front cover of the
Wall Street Journal: _America’s oldest bank is getting into digital assets_. I
think the focus initially was on custody, but really what we’re doing is we’re
building a multi-asset platform to meet the needs of our clients across all
lines of business.

Custody is a foundational component, there’s absolutely no doubt about that.
The custody team is doing fantastic work to build that solution and be the
first part of it. Whether it’s treasury services, whether it’s issuer
services, whether it’s markets, whether it’s Pershing within the bank, it is
across all areas.

The way we’re organizing is that there’ll be folks like me dedicated to the
different lines of business, to work with that line of business to help
develop products and services for that line of business to meet their specific
customer needs. That’s how we’re doing what we’re doing.

In terms of the different client types, whether it’s asset managers,
unsurprisingly they’re very interested in the area. We’ve seen asset owners, a
lot of interest from those folks as well. From corporates we’ve seen a huge
amount of interest as well. Then also from digital native or crypto native
companies.

Let me tell you, I’m busy. I’d definitely say that. I know you’re busy as
well. I think everybody in the world is busy now, and we’re on Zoom and Teams
and Google Hangouts and all these different conference calls all day. I’m
meeting folks in Australia or Southeast Asia early in the morning here, Dublin
time. Then I’m wrapping up with calls with folks in California later in the
day. That’s for me exciting, interesting, and most of all it’s an opportunity
to learn what our clients want to do, and then get into building those
solutions.



**Craig:  **[00:10:17] It is exciting. You’re involved in the creation of a
new business lineup of a product expansion. I guess a name like bank of York
Mellon is trusted by many, and that’s a key factor in terms of clients wanting
to understand what you guys are doing.

You’ve also been very visible in the market in terms of the announcements that
have come out around steps that you’re taking in that space. That in itself
is, is obviously driving interest. But clearly, launching a product like
crypto custody capability and the associated connected elements of that inside
a bank like Bank of New York Mellon, I’ve worked in banks, they can be
phenomenal vehicles to create products, innovation within banks is something
which is a key component these days. But it still has to be a complex project
to launch. How are you navigating the various business lines to bring
agreement to deliver?



**Lory:**  A very fair point. And we are; we’re a big business and there are
lots of moving parts to the different lines of business and into everything
that we do.

For me, honestly, and a big reason why I took the role in the first place is –
and the older I get on this point as well, I’m sure you feel the same – it’s
funny just the importance of leadership. Working with people who have executed
change programs and product development initiatives in the past of this scale
and nature is absolutely critical. I am fortunate to work with my boss, Mike
Dempsey, who has been in the industry for a long time now and has executed a
number of projects. For me, it’s folks like Mike, it’s Caroline Butler on the
custody side, who have done these things in the past and know how to get it
done, and know how to get it organized.

I think it’s that traditional mix of having leaders who have vision, but also
the ability to execute. Also, I think it’s getting things organized. Hopefully
I’ve got through the good folks at Accenture and Deloitte where I cut my teeth
and learned a lot from in terms of projects – it’s helping to shape things,
helping organize so that we can move forward.

As a bank, we move on a very surefooted basis, as you know, and we need to do
things in a very considered and measured way. It’s absolutely essential that,
like an orchestra, we’ve got unbelievable conductors who know what the plays
are, know how to get stuff done, then for the rest of the business to row in
behind. I think that’s what we’ve got.

There was a great study done, it’s a Harvard business reviewed article about
this, about the importance of leadership. It said the variability of
performance of a team can be up to 50% based on leadership. I read that
article recently, and I was just blown away by it. It’s coming from a
psychologist based on research and studies. I think that the older I get, the
more importance I place on leadership; working for people that you want to
work for, that helps/.



**Craig:  **I hear you. I think your leadership is without a doubt critical
when you move into a new area. There has to be confidence at all levels to
deliver that product, particularly in an area which is somewhat groundbreaking
for mainstream global custodians to drive into it.

When you joined, you came from a background away from the banking circle. Was
there a significant learning curve for many of the leaders inside your
organization to really understand the business case? Or was there a lot of
support early on?



**Lory:  **To be honest, support, and even more so than I anticipated. When I
came to the bank, we’d been having discussions but only when you’re in the
door properly that you fully learn what’s going on, what the strategy is and
how we’re organized to execute against it on the different initiatives that
were in flight.

To be honest, the support that’s there from the top (from Robyn) is absolutely
100% evident. There’s no doubt about that. What you’re seeing here is, Roman
Riggleman coming from a consulting background absolutely focused on
digitization. I think that is permeating through the bank. There’s the desire
to digitize, there’s an opportunity to create innovative digital products, you
have support from Roman, and then Mike has put a team together to help execute
that and I’m part of that team. But genuinely, did I have hesitations? Like
any job, when you move into a new role it’s always interesting to see and
learn what’s it going to be like, as opposed to what you think? If anything,
there’s more support than I thought there would be. There’s more activities
taking place in relation to digital assets than I thought there was. And,
there’s a bigger amount of people working on these initiatives.

Genuinely, not giving you a party line, I think that exceeded my expectations.



#### How do you culturally innovate in a big bank?

**Craig:  **[00:16:15] It’s interesting listening to you. The level of
innovation as a culture now within Bank of New York Mellon. It feels like it’s
at a real core level. Are you impressed coming from the outside, from joining
in now, that the level of innovation and focus on developing in that space
within a bank that traditionally has been very focused on the traditional
asset space, to now have that level of innovation as a culture across the
organization? Feels pretty strong.



**Lory:**  It does. I think this goes back to what the bank has been doing for
a while, and quietly so. It’s building up a bench of talent. I’m one small
part of a team of people who’ve come from different technology companies,
who’ve come from consulting backgrounds, who I’m certainly learning a bunch
from. I think back to what I know now versus where I was four months ago,
based on the people and that I’m surrounded by, it is a lot of very
knowledgeable people, and that’s what’s driving things forward.

I think there’s an opportunity with digital assets in the same way there was.
As the banks have evolved over time to go from bonds to equities, real estate,
there’s been these big moments in terms of product development and product
services. Digital assets we see as being another form of asset class. There’s
an opportunity here to think about, what are the products that we can develop
around this new asset class? For me that’s what’s getting the creative juices
flowing.



**Craig:  **To that point, do you view the digital asset class as an add-on
now to run alongside the traditional space? There’s been a number of
organizations theoretically ring-fencing the vehicle, potentially slightly
away from maybe the parent, in some shape or form. But do you expect your
launch to come very much alongside the traditional business?



**Lory:  **It’s definitely the latter. We see it as being an extension of our
existing services. It’s core to what we do. As part of our digital journey,
digital is a massive component of everything that we do. We’re looking where
we can to automate everything that we do, and there’s a lot of work done and
still work to do.

But definitely there’s a capability in the team now where we have a dedicated
team of artificial intelligence and data scientists – a team of PhD folks who
certainly make me feel like I need to do a lot more on that front. But that’s
just an indicator of the focus that the bank has on digitization. Digital
assets is another part of that focus.

I think that does go back to looking at what why Roman is being brought in. it
is to digitize the bank. Looking at automating, but then looking at also other
digital or digital related opportunities. It is cost saving, but also revenue
generation focused, which I think is an interesting narrative.



**Craig:  **As you get some launch, in terms of the hurdles that you’ve got to
cross between now and the product being live and available for clients, how’s
the regulatory framework impacting you? How is that creating either
challenges, or directing the next steps?



**Lory:  **[00:20:04] What I’d say on this one is that as the regulatory
environment continues to evolve around the world, our job is to ensure that
our products and service meet any and all requirements associated to those.
That’s the focus. We have a team of folks who know far more about regulation
than I do, who are regulatory experts, and they’re helping us understand what
the requirements are and then ensuring that we meet all those specific
requirements in every jurisdiction and geography that we operate.

I think, what I close out on that one is, it continues to evolve, but we’re
laser focused on it.



**Craig:  **One of the key components in the traditional space, particularly
for a global custodian, there is an element of obviously global geographic
coverage assets held in 100+ markets, giving your clients huge global access.
Obviously under that comes that sub custody framework and the connection of
sub custodians into each of the markets. How do you see the concept in the
digital assets space, of either sub custodians or partners, platforms,
relationships outside of Bank of New York Mellon that you will then partner
with or work with to deliver your underlying product to your client base?



**Lory:  **This is a really interesting question, and interesting for me in
many different areas. Ecosystems is a big thing I’m interested in. I saw it of
BNY Mellon and work and that I do with Trinity College Dublin. But I think
around partnerships and ecosystems, this is something that I didn’t realize
until I came into the bank, that we have a dedicated partnerships team, who
look at making strategic investments, but also evaluating the broader
ecosystem as to who’s out there that we should be working with.

I’m still blown away by the teams. Effectively, what they do all day, every
day, is they’re meeting with companies. They’re scanning the horizon across
different lines of business, digital assets being one area, to understand
who’s out there and what are they doing? They set up meetings and they listen
endlessly to what these companies are doing. Then, does it make sense for us
to be using these? Then they will link in with the different parts of the
business to say: look, we’ve come across this company in relation to
transaction monitoring, and we think this would fit neatly with what we do
already, would you be interested in having a chat? Then we have a chat and we
see if there is a gap and we think there’s an opportunity to use that service,
then how do we integrate?

For me, that is an area that I had been genuinely massively impressed by, as
to the proactive nature, that there’s people dedicated to understanding what
is going on in the broader space. It’s not always the case where people are
contacting you through LinkedIn, you’re saying, “Look, this is my product,”
blah, blah. We have a proactive team dedicated to doing that.



#### Can digital assets be compatible with ESG?

**Craig:  **[00:23:13] Lori, we’re coming up on time, just literally a couple
of minutes. There’s been a lot in the digital asset space, around ESG in the
banking space. How can digital assets be compatible from an ESG perspective?
It’s an interesting topic, one which will continue to be debated, but any
thoughts from you would be interesting.



**Lory:  **Yeah, I think this is another rapidly evolving area, incredibly
interesting. What I would say is that, first things first, when it comes to
digital assets and ESG, and mining specifically, the key thing here is to
understand what power source is being used to empower the miners? That’s the
first thing. Is it renewable energy? How can we work collectively in this area
to figure out and push the agenda that renewables have to be the source of the
energy for mining? Smoky coal, that’s not good enough.

We need to figure out collectively as to how we make that just a go-to
standard. I think that’s then becoming part of the solution.

Another factor here, which I’m sure you guys agree on this as well, is the
move from proof of work to proof of stake. A lot more energy efficient
consensus mechanisms, and that being a prime example. I think that’s a second
and very important factor.

The third point that I’d say is, I think through the partnerships team that I
just mentioned there, we are actively looking for entities out there that are
doing interesting work to help solve this problem, and how can BNY Mellon be
part of that solution?

There’s some companies out there that are looking at some really interesting
ways of redistributing the heated – actually what’s happening is there’s air
basically flowing over the Bitcoin miners. Is there a way to redistribute that
hot air for it to be used for other purposes? A potentially beneficial by-
product from the mining. An evolving area, but we are really active and trying
to figure out how do we become part of the solution. That’s probably the real
focus.



**Craig:  **It’s a topic which is continually going to be debated, and one
which I think is important. Banks like yours are at the forefront of those
discussions, and I think collectively the conversation will continue.

Lory, I’ve really appreciated the conversation this morning. Any final
thoughts in terms of your focus for the next few months?



**Lory:**  No. I think it’s just keep the head down and keep doing what we’re
doing. I think that’s probably the main thing. We are busy on a few fronts, so
it’s the focus on the build for our custody solution. Yeah, hopefully enjoy a
bit of downtime over the summer as the weather gets a bit better, and
vaccinations increase and the world opens up a little bit.

Final toll for me is wishing Ipswich town all the best.



**Craig:  **Indeed, we all do. Lory, I appreciate. It’s been fantastic to get
you on. Grateful for you taking the time. Thanks very much.

The next METACO TALKS is on the 28th of May. We have Kalin Nicolov, head of
digital currency at SICPA joining us then. Until then, thanks very much for
joining.

  * [![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/01/spotify.png?x88149)](https://open.spotify.com/show/0IiI7iftR3F3RqinfJbpRT)
  * [![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/01/apple-podcasts.png?x88149)](https://podcasts.apple.com/us/podcast/metaco-talks-crypto-podcast-on-building-the-future/id1542371076?uo=4)
  * [![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/01/google-podcasts.png?x88149)](https://podcasts.google.com/feed/aHR0cHM6Ly9hbmNob3IuZm0vcy80MWY2MzA3NC9wb2RjYXN0L3Jzcw==)

![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/footer.png?x88149)

## **Explore** more

  * ![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/01/mt-speaker_ep-44-square-640x640.png?x88149)

[Talks](https://www.metaco.com/category/talks/)

February 6, 2024

[David Riegelnig (Rulematch)Digital Asset Trading Tailored to the Needs of
Financial Institutions](https://www.metaco.com/talks/rulematch-institutional-
digital-asset-trading/ "Digital Asset Trading Tailored to the Needs of
Financial Institutions")

  * ![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/12/mt-speaker_ep-43-square_dark-blue-640x640.png?x88149)

[Talks](https://www.metaco.com/category/talks/)

January 11, 2024

[Rajeev Tummala (HSBC Securities Services)The institutional value-chain of
tokenized securities](https://www.metaco.com/talks/institutional-value-chain-
tokenized-securities-rajeev-tummala-hsbc/ "The institutional value-chain of
tokenized securities")

  * ![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/11/mt-speaker_ep-42_light-blue-square-640x640.png?x88149)

[Talks](https://www.metaco.com/category/talks/)

November 14, 2023

[Angela Itzikowitz (ENS Africa) and Ashveen Gopee (PWC Mauritius)The Digital
Asset Ecosystem in Mauritius and South
Africa](https://www.metaco.com/talks/da-ecosystem-mauritius-south-africa-
aitzikowitz-agoppee/ "The Digital Asset Ecosystem in Mauritius and South
Africa")

[![Metaco](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/logo-w.svg?x88149)](https://www.metaco.com)

  * [Solutions](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/)
    * [Global Custodians](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/global-custodians-top-tier-banks/)
    * [Universal Banks](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/universal-banks/)
    * [Neobanks & Fintechs](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/neobanks-fintechs/)
    * [Regulated Exchanges](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/regulated-exchanges/)
    * [Corporates](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/corporates/)
  * [Platform](https://www.metaco.com/platform/)
    * [Harmonize™](https://www.metaco.com/platform/harmonize/)
    * [Custody](https://www.metaco.com/platform/custody/)
    * [Trading](https://www.metaco.com/platform/trading/)
    * [Web3](https://www.metaco.com/platform/web3/)
    * [Governance](https://www.metaco.com/platform/governance/)
    * [Orchestration](https://www.metaco.com/platform/orchestration/)
    * [Tokenization](https://www.metaco.com/platform/tokenization/)
    * [Integration](https://www.metaco.com/platform/integration/)
    * [Security](https://www.metaco.com/platform/security/)
  * [Company](https://www.metaco.com/company/media-coverage-press-releases/)
    * [About](https://www.metaco.com/company/about/)
    * [Media & news](https://www.metaco.com/company/media-coverage-press-releases/)
    * [Jobs](https://www.metaco.com/jobs/)
  * [Resources](https://www.metaco.com/resources/)
    * [Talks](https://www.metaco.com/resources/talks/)
    * [Webinars](https://www.metaco.com/resources/webinars/)
    * [Case studies](https://www.metaco.com/resources/case-studies/)
    * [Reports](https://www.metaco.com/resources/reports/)
    * [Blog](https://www.metaco.com/resources/blog/)

![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/10/sco2.png?x88149)![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/10/iso27001.png?x88149)

  * [__](https://www.twitter.com/metaco_sa "Twitter: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")
  * [__](https://www.linkedin.com/company/metaco-ag/ "Linkedin: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")
  * [__](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC4MLOKnJD9bXfHVXMnHM7ow "Youtube: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")
  * [__](https://open.spotify.com/show/0IiI7iftR3F3RqinfJbpRT "Spotify: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")

© 2015-2024 - Metaco SA - All Rights Reserved |[ Terms & Conditions](https://www.metaco.com/terms-conditions/) | [Privacy Policy](https://www.metaco.com/privacy-policy/) | [Cookie policy](https://www.metaco.com/cookie-policy/)

