  * **Wallet**[**Mobile App** The world of Web3 in your pocket](/download)[**Browser Extension** An optimized Web3 experience for desktop](/browser-extension)
  * **Features**[**Swaps** Swap securely and seamlessly](/swap)[**Staking** Earn crypto rewards while securing networks](/staking)[**NFTs** Explore the world of NFTs](/nft)[**Security** Learn how we keep your assets & Web3 journey safe](/security)[**Buy Crypto** Buy crypto in under five minutes](/buy-crypto)[**SWIFT: Smart Contract Wallet** Explore Web3 easily with account abstraction features](/swift)
  * **Build**[**Developer Docs** Get guides for building powerful Web3 applications](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/)[**Wallet Core** Open-source, mobile-focused crypto wallet library](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/wallet-core)[**Submit dApp** Get your dApp in front of millions](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-dapps)[**Get assets listed** Elevate your asset’s exposure](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-assets)
  * **Support**[**FAQ** Get answers to your most pressing questions](https://community.trustwallet.com/c/helpcenter/8)[**Community Forum** Connect with our vibrant and diverse community](https://community.trustwallet.com/)[**Contact Us** Reach out for personalized support](https://support.trustwallet.com/en/support/home)
  * **About**[**About Us** Discover who we are and what drives us](/about-us)[**Careers** Join us in shaping the future of Web3](/careers)[**Press Kit** Download our official logo and other media assets](/press)[**Blog** Stay up-to-date on Web3 trends and insights](/blog)[**Terms of Service** What you need to know to use our services](/terms-of-service)[**Privacy Policy** Your privacy matters, learn how we protect it](/privacy-policy)

DarkLightLanguage

[Download Trust Wallet](/download)

[](/)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.4edbb099.svg)[**Mobile App** The world
of Web3 in your pocket](/download)[**Browser Extension** An optimized Web3
experience for desktop](/browser-extension)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.e7c57d68.svg)[**Swaps** Swap securely
and seamlessly](/swap)[**Staking** Earn crypto rewards while securing
networks](/staking)[**NFTs** Explore the world of NFTs](/nft)[**Security**
Learn how we keep your assets & Web3 journey safe](/security)[**Buy Crypto**
Buy crypto in under five minutes](/buy-crypto)[**SWIFT: Smart Contract
Wallet** Explore Web3 easily with account abstraction features](/swift)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.b373ab3f.svg)[**Developer Docs** Get
guides for building powerful Web3
applications](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/)[**Wallet Core**
Open-source, mobile-focused crypto wallet
library](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/wallet-core)[**Submit
dApp** Get your dApp in front of
millions](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-dapps)[**Get
assets listed** Elevate your asset’s
exposure](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-assets)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.1211abf0.svg)[**FAQ** Get answers to
your most pressing
questions](https://community.trustwallet.com/c/helpcenter/8)[**Community
Forum** Connect with our vibrant and diverse
community](https://community.trustwallet.com/)[**Contact Us** Reach out for
personalized support](https://support.trustwallet.com/en/support/home)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.9a6dd06f.svg)[**About Us** Discover who
we are and what drives us](/about-us)[**Careers** Join us in shaping the
future of Web3](/careers)[**Press Kit** Download our official logo and other
media assets](/press)[**Blog** Stay up-to-date on Web3 trends and
insights](/blog)[**Terms of Service** What you need to know to use our
services](/terms-of-service)[**Privacy Policy** Your privacy matters, learn
how we protect it](/privacy-policy)

[](/)

WalletFeaturesBuildSupportAbout

Language

[Download](/download)

[Home](/)  >  [Blog](/blog)  >  [Guides](/blog?category=Guides)  >  [Trust
Wallet vs. Trust Wallet SWIFT](/blog/trust-wallet-vs-trust-wallet-swift)

##### Guides

# Trust Wallet vs. Trust Wallet SWIFT

Published on: Feb 27, 2024Updated on: Feb 28, 2024

##### Share post

[](https://facebook.com/trustwalletapp)[](https://github.com/trustwallet)[](https://instagram.com/trustwallet)[](https://twitter.com/trustwallet)[](https://discord.gg/trustwallet)[](https://reddit.com/r/trustapp)[](https://t.me/trustwallet)

  * **How Do Trust Wallet and Trust Wallet SWIFT Differ?**
  * **Which Wallet Should I Use?**

##### In Brief

Discover the key differences between Trust Wallet and Trust Wallet SWIFT in
this guide. Learn how to choose the best Web3 wallet for your needs.

![Trust Wallet vs. Trust Wallet SWIFT](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2FTrust_Walletvs_SWIFT_f60f7bf642.png&w=3840&q=75)

In this guide, you’ll learn about the differences between Trust Wallet and
Trust Wallet SWIFT. You also get the information you need to choose the best
one for you, or leverage the features of both.

### Key Takeaways:

  * Trust Wallet uses Externally Owned Accounts (EOA), and Trust Wallet SWIFT is a smart contract wallet, powered by account abstraction.

  * Both kinds of wallets can be used within the Trust Wallet app. Users can seamlessly switch between the two.

  * Trust Wallet uses a passphrase or encrypted cloud backup to protect and restore the wallet, whereas SWIFT uses a passkey linked to a user's face or fingerprint.

  * Because Trust Wallet and Trust Wallet SWIFT are two seperate wallets, they each have their own addresses. For instance, your ETH address in Trust Wallet and Trust Wallet SWIFT will be different.

To access Trust Wallet SWIFT ensure you have the most updated version of Trust
Wallet, and use [these instructions](https://trustwallet.com/blog/introducing-
trust-wallet-swift) to get started.

[![Download-Trust-Wallet-Button.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2FDownload_Trust_Wallet_Button_3b2b015a21.png&w=3840&q=75)](https://short.trustwallet.com/TW-
blog)

## How Do Trust Wallet and Trust Wallet SWIFT Differ?

At first glance, Trust Wallet and Trust Wallet SWIFT may seem to differ
primarily in terms of the blockchains they support, the methods used for
paying transaction fees, and the strategies employed for securing and
recovering the wallet. But what's the real story behind these differences?

Let's explore further!

### EOA vs. Account Abstraction

Most people don't think about the technology that powers their Web3 wallet,
but in the case of understanding the difference between Trust Wallet and Trust
Wallet Swift, it really helps. Although Trust Wallet supports 100+ blockchains
including Ethereum, it utilizes Externally Owned Accounts (EOAs), which are
fundamental to managing basic transactions within the Ethereum blockchain
ecosystem.

In fact, **if you've ever used a wallet that required you to keep track of a
12 or 24-word secret phrase** , then you're familiar with an EOA wallet. It's
referred to as EOA because the account is controlled externally by the user
through a private key—in the case of your own wallet, you’re the external
user. EOAs allow for straightforward transactions like sending and receiving
ETH, as well as interacting with decentralized applications (dApps).

**On the other hand, smart contract wallets** powered by account abstraction
differ from EOA wallets because they eliminate the need for a secret phrase
while still maintaining a high level of security and self-custody. These
wallets, such as Trust Wallet SWIFT, operate on the basis of smart contracts
deployed on the Ethereum blockchain. This means that instead of relying on a
single private key for account access and management, smart contract wallets
are governed by the logic coded into their smart contracts.

This approach enables a range of advanced features, including the ability to
recover accounts seamlessly, and even pay transaction fees in tokens other
than ETH. This makes smart contract wallets particularly appealing for users
who are new to Web3 and are seeking a more user-friendly and secure entry into
the world of cryptocurrencies and decentralized finance (DeFi).

### Backup and Recovery Methods

Trust Wallet uses a 12-word secret phrase or an encrypted cloud backup to set
up, secure, and recover your wallet. This option is best for people who feel
comfortable managing their private key and password.

In comparison, Trust Wallet SWIFT enables you to use a passkey, which is
linked to your iCloud or Google account, to secure and recover your wallet.
This option is best for people unfamiliar or uncomfortable with secret phrases
and managing their keys. Wallet Recovery Example

In the below example you’ll see a 12-word secret phrase being used for Trust
Wallet, and face recognition associated with a passkey for Trust Wallet SWIFT.
[Learn more about passkeys](https://trustwallet.com/blog/what-are-passkeys).

![Group 1424358427.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2FGroup_1424358427_2adeafabe3.png&w=3840&q=75)

### Network (Chain) Support

Trust Wallet supports 100+ blockchain networks including Bitcoin, Ethereum,
Solana and many more.

Trust Wallet SWIFT supports several low-cost EVM chains. Supported Networks
Example

#### Supported Networks Example

With Trust Wallet you have more flexibility in the chains you can use. This
means you can access more dApps and manage assets on more chains.

![Group 1424358425.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2FGroup_1424358425_7f890d38e0.png&w=3840&q=75)

### Fees

When using Trust Wallet, fees can vary depending on the chain you use.
Typically when doing transactions you pay the network fee (gas) with native
tokens only. For example, if the transaction is on the Ethereum network, you
can only pay for this fee with ETH.

With Trust Wallet SWIFT, you can pay for network fees (gas) using 200+ tokens
regardless of the transaction network. This level of flexibility is a welcome
change for crypto natives, and also adds ease-of-use for those newer to Web3.

#### Gas token Example

In the below example you can see that with the Trust Wallet, you might run
into the issue of not having enough for gas fees, because you have to pay
those fees in the native token of the network. With SWIFT you’ll never have
this issue as you have the flexibility to change the gas token.

![Group 1424358424.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2FGroup_1424358424_de68595d26.png&w=3840&q=75)

### Feature Comparison Summary

When going through this comparison table it’s important to note that users can
use both wallets within the Trust Wallet app. To switch between Trust Wallet
and Trust Wallet SWIFT simply do the following: Settings icon -> Wallets ->
select the wallet you want to use.

![Group 1424358428.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2FGroup_1424358428_e880d494a9.png&w=3840&q=75)

### A Note on Cross Platform Compatibility

One thing that’s important to note is the difference in cross-platform
compatibility. With Trust Wallet, you can use it on iOS, Android, and as a
browser extension for your desktop. You are also able to freely move your
wallet from iOS to Android, and to the extension and vice versa.

In comparison, Trust Wallet SWIFT is currently only available for iOS and
Android—and furthermore, once you set up a wallet on iOS or Android, you are
not able to import the wallet to a device on a different operating system. For
instance, if you set up a SWIFT wallet using iOS, you can only access the
wallet with other iOS devices. The same goes for if you set up a new wallet
using Android.

This is because passkeys created on either Apple or Android devices are not
cross-ecosystem compatible. Apple and Google are reported to be working on a
solution; however, until then, users would have to use the identical ecosystem
they used for creation to import the wallet.

## Which Wallet Should I Use?

Choosing the right wallet depends on your preferences and requirements in the
Web3 space. If simplicity and a straightforward entry into Web3 are what
you're after, then Trust Wallet SWIFT is an excellent choice. It simplifies
the experience by removing the need for managing secret phrases, making it
particularly appealing for newcomers to the Web3 ecosystem. Trust Wallet
SWIFT's user-friendly approach, coupled with its security and recovery
features, offers a seamless and secure experience for managing your digital
assets.

On the flip side, if you're looking for a wallet that offers more flexibility
regarding the assets you can hold or the decentralized applications (dApps)
you wish to interact with, Trust Wallet is your go-to option. It supports over
100 blockchains, including Ethereum, Bitcoin, and Solana, allowing for a
broader range of transactions and interactions within the Web3 world.

However, it's important to note that the Trust Wallet mobile app facilitates
the use of both wallet types, enabling you to effortlessly switch between
them. This dual-wallet capability means you don't have to choose one over the
other; instead, you can leverage the unique features of both wallets to suit
your needs at any given time. Whether you prioritize ease of use or
flexibility and a wide range of supported assets, Trust Wallet and Trust
Wallet SWIFT together provide a comprehensive solution.

[![Download-Trust-Wallet-Button.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2FDownload_Trust_Wallet_Button_3b2b015a21.png&w=3840&q=75)](https://short.trustwallet.com/TW-
blog)

  

Join the Trust Wallet community on [Telegram](https://rebrand.ly/TW-Telegram-
Announcements) Follow us on [X (formerly Twitter)](https://rebrand.ly/TW-
Twitter-Blog) [Instagram](https://rebrand.ly/TW-Insta-Blog)
[Facebook](https://rebrand.ly/TW-FB-Blog) [Reddit](https://rebrand.ly/TW-
Reddit-Blog)

> **Note:** Any cited numbers, figures, or illustrations are reported at the
> time of writing, and are subject to change.

#### Simple and convenient to use, seamless to explore

[Download Trust Wallet](/download)

##### Stay Connected:

[](https://facebook.com/trustwalletapp)[](https://github.com/trustwallet)[](https://instagram.com/trustwallet)[](https://twitter.com/trustwallet)[](https://discord.gg/trustwallet)[](https://reddit.com/r/trustapp)[](https://t.me/trustwallet)

  * **Wallet**[Mobile App](/download)[Browser Extension](/browser-extension)
  * **Features**[Buy Crypto](/buy-crypto)[Swaps](/swap)[Staking](/staking)[NFTs](/nft)[Security](/security)[SWIFT: Smart Contract Wallet](/swift)
  * **Build**[Developer Docs](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/)[Wallet Core](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/wallet-core)[Submit dApp](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-dapps)[Get assets listed](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-assets)
  * **Support**[FAQ](https://community.trustwallet.com/c/helpcenter/8)[Community Forum](https://community.trustwallet.com/)[Contact Us](https://support.trustwallet.com/en/support/home)
  * **About**[About Us](/about-us)[Careers](/careers)[Press Kit](/press)[Terms of Service](/terms-of-service)[Privacy Policy](/privacy-policy)[Blog](/blog)
  * ![A-LIGN ISO 27701](/_next/static/media/image.8354ab2c.svg)![A-LIGN ISO 27001](/_next/static/media/image.7f0b3bc9.svg)

**Download Trust Wallet**

The most trusted & secure crypto wallet.

[Download for iOS](https://apps.apple.com/app/apple-
store/id1288339409?mt=8)[Download
Extension![Chrome](/_next/static/media/raw.7dd85797.svg)](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/trust-
wallet/egjidjbpglichdcondbcbdnbeeppgdph)[Download APK](/download/apk)[Download
for Android![App
Store](/_next/image?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Fimage.5ee64b2e.png&w=256&q=75)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.wallet.crypto.trustapp)

