[![Helium Logo](/_next/static/media/logosymbol.e32f55d5.svg)](/)

Build![Down arrow](/_next/static/media/navarrow.68f4a5a0.svg)

[HotspotsBuild the network and mine HNT](/mine)

[TokenExplore HNT and Data Credits](/token)

[Helium 5GDeploy 5G Coverage on Helium](/5G)

Use IoT![Down arrow](/_next/static/media/navarrow.68f4a5a0.svg)

[CommercialConnect your devices to the Network](/commercial)

[RoamAdd our coverage to yours](/roam)

[SolutionsDiscover solutions built on Helium](/solutions)

[Developer DocumentationTechnical Information, FAQ and
Support](https://docs.helium.com)

[Featured ProductsIOT sensors from popular manufacturers](/featured-products)

Resources![Down arrow](/_next/static/media/navarrow.68f4a5a0.svg)

[BlogRead our news and announcements](https://blog.helium.com)

[Helium ExplorerNetwork Map](https://explorer.helium.com)

[CommunityJoin the Helium Discord](https://discord.gg/helium)

[Ecosystem](/ecosystem)[Case Studies](/stories)

![Menu](/_next/static/media/menuwhite.97522b9f.svg)

![Cross](/_next/static/media/cross.97e56514.svg)

Build ![Diagonal Down Arrow](/_next/static/media/dropdownarrow.10ee975b.svg)

[Hotspots](/mine)[Token](/token)[Helium 5G](/5G)

Use IoT ![Diagonal Down Arrow](/_next/static/media/dropdownarrow.10ee975b.svg)

[Commercial](/commercial)[Roam](/roam)[Solutions](/solutions)[Developer
Documentation](https://docs.helium.com)[Featured Products](/featured-products)

Resources ![Diagonal Down
Arrow](/_next/static/media/dropdownarrow.10ee975b.svg)

[Blog](https://blog.helium.com)[Helium
Explorer](https://explorer.helium.com)[Community](https://discord.gg/helium)

[Ecosystem](/ecosystem)[Case Studies](/stories)

# Provide Wireless Connectivity and Mine Helium Tokens

# Mining Helium tokens (IOT and MOBILE) is done by installing a simple device
on your home or office window. That's it. Seriously.

Hotspots provide miles of wireless network coverage for millions of devices
across two wireless standards (LoRaWAN and cellular), and you are rewarded in
Helium tokens for doing this. LoRaWAN Hotspots are incredibly energy efficient
using only 5W of energy.

[Browse Compatible Hotspots](/mine#hotspots)

[![Search Icon with 'View Network Map'
Text](/_next/static/media/viewmap.bec584cb.svg)](https://explorer.helium.com)

# A World of Hotspots

Since the Helium community approved [HIP
19](https://github.com/helium/HIP/blob/main/0019-third-party-
manufacturers.md), dozens of Third-party Manufacturers and Vendors are
producing and supplying Hotspots that mine Helium tokens for providing
wireless connectivity.

Below are the Hotspot models that have so far been approved by the
Manufacturing Compliance Committee, which governs Hotspot onboarding. Please
do your own research as a vendor listing does not equal endorsement or
recommendation.

## Atom

IOT

[Purchase](https://www.minebox.africa/proton-helium-
miner.html)[Support](https://www.atomdesign.io/links)

## Browan/MerryIoT

IOT

[Purchase](http://www.merryiot.com/)[Email
Support](mailto:support@merryiot.com)

## ClodPi

IOT

[Purchase](https://india-shop.clodpi.io/)[Email
Support](mailto:support@clodpi.io)

## Dragino

IOT

[Purchase](http://www.dragino.com/)[Email Support](mailto:support@dragino.com)

## Dusun

IOT

[Purchase](https://www.dusuniot.com/iot-app-gateway/indoor-hotspot-
miner)[Email Support](mailto:support@hzdusun.com)

## EDATEC

IOT

[Purchase](https://www.eda-iot.com/)[Email Support](mailto:support@edatec.cn)

## Finestra

IOT

[Purchase](http://www.thefinestra.com/)[Support](https://thefinestra.com/support/)

## FreedomFi

IOT

MOBILE

[Purchase](https://freedomfi.com/helium5g/)[Email
Support](mailto:support@freedomfi.com)

## Hummingbird

IOT

[Purchase](https://www.xdt.com/product.html)[Support](https://www.xdt.com/faq.html)

## Kerlink

IOT

[Purchase](https://www.calchipconnect.com/collections/helium-compatible-
kerlink-miners)[Support](https://www.kerlink.com/customer-support/)

## MNTD.

IOT

[Purchase](https://getmntd.com/)[Support](http://support.getmntd.com/hc/en-us)

## Nebra

IOT

MOBILE

[Purchase](https://uk.pi-supply.com/collections/helium-hotspot-miners-
hnt)[Email Support](mailto:support@nebra.com)

## Osprey (Ingenious Technology)

IOT

[Purchase](http://www.ospreyelectronics.io/)[Email
Support](mailto:notifications@ospreyelectronics.io)

## Panther

IOT

[Purchase](http://panther.global)[Support](http://panther.global)

## ResIOT

IOT

[Purchase](https://www.resiot.io/en/helium/)[Support](https://login.resiot.io/submitticket.php)

## RisingHF

IOT

[Purchase](https://risinghf.com/product/detail/26)[Email
Support](mailto:support@risinghf.com)

## Sensecap

IOT

[Purchase](https://www.sensecapmx.com)[Community](https://discord.gg/XM3tXCpMTq)[Email
Support](mailto:support@sensecapmx.com)

## Smart Harvest

IOT

[Purchase](https://smartharvest.ca/)[Email
Support](mailto:support@smartharvest.ca)

![Blue Helium Logo](/_next/static/media/whyearn.704082c5.svg)

# How do I earn Helium Tokens?

## Participants earn Helium tokens by mining and building coverage for The
People's Network using compatible Hotspots.

![PoC Diagram](/_next/static/media/earn1.b5d39e99.svg)

##### Proof-of-Coverage

Hotspots on the network are randomly and automatically assigned Proof-of-
Coverage tests to complete. Passing and witnessing tests earns Helium tokens.

[More information](https://docs.helium.com/blockchain/proof-of-coverage)

![Multiple circles](/_next/static/media/earn2.1af093e2.svg)

##### Relay Device Data

Hotspots earn Helium tokens for transferring device data over the network. The
more device data a Hotspot transfers, the more it earns.

[More information](https://docs.helium.com/blockchain/helium-token)

# The Value of HNT

## Millions of compatible devices can use The People's Network and each device
requires Data Credits (DC) in order to send data to the Internet.

Fixed in value, DC are created by 'burning' HNT, reducing the total supply to
achieve a Burn and Mint Equilibrium. The more devices using DC, the more HNT
will be burned.

[Learn more about HNT & Data
Credits](https://docs.helium.com/blockchain/helium-token)

![Diagram showing Hotspot usage via sensors and
DC](/_next/static/media/value.81275114.svg)

![A few example ecosystem
users](/_next/image?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Fecosystembanner.a8fd6b6b.png&w=1920&q=75)

# What uses  
the Network?

As well as earning Helium tokens, deploying a Hotspot helps local businesses
build powerful new wireless devices and sensor applications. Discover new
hardware and software solutions using and supporting The People's Network on
our Ecosystem page.

[Visit the Ecosystem](/ecosystem)

## How are Tokens Earned?

### Hotspots earn Helium tokens for building and securing network
infrastructure and transferring device data.

The amount of tokens distributed to Hotspots depends on the type of “work”
they perform based on the value to the network. This validation of network
contribution is accomplished by a new work algorithm called Proof-of-Coverage
(PoC).

PoC was designed to bootstrap Helium Network coverage. Over time rewards will
shift to be more heavily allocated to data transfer with less going to PoC as
the Network matures.

![Proof of Coverage Diagram](/_next/static/media/poctall2.091eafa8.svg)

## Get Ecosystem Updates to Your Inbox

* * *

##### Learn

[Home](/)[Ecosystem](/ecosystem)[Solutions](/solutions)[Blog](https://blog.helium.com)[Whitepaper](http://whitepaper.helium.com)

##### Get Involved

[Mine](/mine)[Use](/commercial)[Roam](/roam)[Switch from 3G](/switch)[HNT and
Data Credits](/token)[Developers](https://docs.helium.com)[Helium Mobile](/5G)

##### Social

[Discord](https://discord.gg/helium)[Twitter](https://twitter.com/helium)[Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/heliumsystems)[LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/company/heliuminc)[Github](https://github.com/helium)[YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/c/HeliumInc)[Reddit](https://www.reddit.com/r/HeliumNetwork)[Instagram](https://www.instagram.com/helium/)

##### Get in Touch

[hello@helium.foundation](mailto:hello@helium.foundation)[press@helium.foundation](mailto:press@helium.foundation)

* * *

![Helium Logo](/_next/static/media/logo-horizontalwhite.ecf69e9c.svg)

[Privacy Policy](/privacy)[Website Terms](/website-terms)

