[](https://www.binance.com/en)

[Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/crypto/buy)

[Markets](https://www.binance.com/en/markets/overview)

Trade

Basic

  * [SpotBuy and sell on the Spot market with advanced tools](https://www.binance.com/en/trade/BTC_USDT?type=spot)
  * [MarginIncrease your profits with leverage](https://www.binance.com/en/trade?type=cross)
  * [P2PBuy & sell cryptocurrencies using bank transfer and 800+ options](https://p2p.binance.com/en)
  * [Convert & Block TradeThe easiest way to trade at all sizes](https://www.binance.com/en/convert)

Advanced

  * [Trading BotsTrade smarter with our various automated strategies - easy, fast and reliable](https://www.binance.com/en/trading-bots)
  * [Copy TradingFollow the most popular traders](https://www.binance.com/en/copy-trading)
  * [APIsUnlimited opportunities with one key](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-api)

[Futures](https://www.binance.com/en/futures/home)

  * [USDⓈ-M FuturesContracts settled in USDT and USDC](https://www.binance.com/en/futures)
  * [COIN-M FuturesContracts settled in cryptocurrency](https://www.binance.com/en/delivery)
  * [OptionsUSDT Options with limited downside and affordable entry](https://www.binance.com/en/eoptions)

[Earn](https://www.binance.com/en/earn)

[Square](https://www.binance.com/en/square)

  * [SquareStay informed with everything crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/square)
  * [Academy (Learn & Earn)Earn crypto by learning about blockchain](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn)
  * [BlogExpand your knowledge and get the latest insights](https://www.binance.com/en/blog)
  * [ResearchInstitutional-grade analysis, in-depth insights, and more](https://www.binance.com/en/research)

More

  * [VIP & InstitutionalYour trusted digital asset platform for VIPs and institutions](https://www.binance.com/en/vip-institutional-services)
  * [Launchpad & LaunchpoolDiscover and gain access to new token launches](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)
  * [MegadropLock your BNB and complete Web3 quests for boosted airdrop rewards](https://www.binance.com/en/megadrop)
  * [Mining PoolMine more rewards by connecting to the pool](https://pool.binance.com/en)
  * [PaySend, receive and spend crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/payment)
  * [LoansGet an instant loan secured by crypto assets](https://www.binance.com/en/loan)

  * [NFTExplore NFTs from creators worldwide](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/home)
  * [Fan TokenDiscover an all-new fandom and unlock unlimited fan experiences](https://www.binance.com/en/fan-token)
  * [Web3 WalletMeet the next-generation Web3 wallet](https://www.binance.com/en/web3wallet)
  * [BNB ChainThe most popular blockchain to build your own dApp](https://www.bnbchain.org)
  * [CharityBlockchain empowers charity to be more transparent, efficient, and traceable](https://www.binance.charity)

##### [Binance Blog](/blog)

# From Our CEO: 2023, the Year of Embracing Change While Remaining Committed
to Users

2023-12-28

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20231228/1a1f59cc-c047-4033-b1a0-caf1ba5e9a50.png)

Dear Binance Community,

At the end of 2023, I would like to share with you several reflections, both
as Binance’s new CEO and as one of the many Binancians who worked to advance
the freedom of money throughout the entire year – after all, my tenure at the
helm of this incredible organization only started in November. If I had to
summarize my message in just one sentence, it would be this: As we enter the
new year, the Binance community has very good reasons to look ahead with
optimism and hope.

In 2023, we not only maintained our strength as a robust enterprise and the
leader of the world’s most dynamic industry – we dared to embrace change and
emerged stronger. Much of the overcast of the historical issues in the U.S. is
now cleared as we have reached [_resolutions with regulatory
agencies_](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/leadership/binance-announcement-
reaching-resolution-with-us-regulators-2904832835382364558) there. Binance has
the culture, talent, and expertise in place to become a truly compliance-led
organization in addition to being a user-focused one, structured and prepared
to lead the digital asset industry into its new era.

## Tangible Trust

The past few weeks demonstrated that this assessment is not mere verbiage and
that our users have trust in us and our vision of the future. Following the
announcement of U.S. resolutions and Binance’s leadership change, net inflows
have been very robust, while new users continued coming in steadily. By the
end of December, we passed the mark of 170 million registered users, recording
a 30% increase over last year. Actions speak louder than words, and your
tangible support means the world to us as we open a new chapter.

Importantly, we saw a particularly strong uptick in inflows coming from
institutional investors. The reason I see this as fantastic news is that it
suggests institutions’ trust in Binance and the larger Web3 ecosystem growing
stronger at a time when institutional participation, along with clear
regulation, is key to the mass adoption of digital assets. This year, we have
already introduced exciting innovations – for example, the innovative
[_banking tri-party agreement_](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/vip/binance-
pilots-banking-triparty-agreement-to-help-institutional-investors-manage-
counterparty-exposure-6193507006097722519) – to deliver unmatched value to
this important category of customers, and we have more in store for the next
year.

## Blazing the Web3 Trail

Our most important commitment, as always, remains to our users. No changes in
leadership or corporate governance can alter this foundational block of
Binance’s DNA: the drive to build and deliver products that make people’s
lives better. Responding to and anticipating user needs led us to participate
in (and often set) some of the key trends that shaped the digital asset space
in 2023.

Catering to the growing demand for more secure and accessible gateways into
the world of Web3, we launched our Web3 wallet, which became an instant
success with users. Responding to the trend toward a more compelling social
Web3 experience, we revamped Binance Square, which grew its user base and the
number of active creators manifold this year, and introduced social copy
trading functionality.

In 2023, Binance recorded significant growth in our key services related to
crypto payments, P2P trading, and earning, showcasing solid progress on the
path to the mass adoption of digital assets. The number of active Binance Pay
users grew by 70%; Binance’s P2P platform served 39% more users; Binance Earn
helped 35% more people put their crypto to work. For a comprehensive overview
of the numbers and metrics describing Binance’s performance in 2023, you can
[_read our year-end
report_](https://public.bnbstatic.com/reports/2023_EOY_Report.pdf) , fresh off
the press.

Above all, we remained, and will always remain, laser-focused on the security
of users and their funds. From cooperating with global law enforcement to
tackle criminal activity in the digital asset space to running educational
campaigns for users, from maintaining our SAFU fund (worth $1.2 billion as of
the end of the year) to expanding the coverage of our proof-of-reserves system
– security and transparency of your funds are Binance’s top priority.

## Looking Ahead

We have many reasons to be kicking off the new year in high spirits. Binance
is starting its new chapter in a strong financial position, and we have the
trust of our amazing global community, which is rapidly expanding. This
organization is built to last – not years, but decades. Of course, building
the future of finance and advancing the freedom of money globally is a long
and rocky path, but we are prepared for the thoughtful, iterative, incremental
effort that it takes. With the unwavering support of the Binance community,
we’ve proven that there are no challenges we can’t overcome.

As we forge ahead, we will balance our commitment to three key groups.
Firstly, our most important stakeholders: our users. Secondly, global
regulators, who will play an increasingly vital role in shaping the future of
our industry and its ability to realize the tremendous potential of blockchain
and digital assets. Finally, we will place heavy emphasis on forming and
maintaining industry partnerships – we are all in the same boat, and building
a stronger ecosystem is best achievable through coordination and cooperation
of our efforts.

Finally, I would like to thank Binance’s incredibly resilient, hardcore,
mission-driven team for everything we have achieved this year despite the
tough headwinds. It is an honor to lead this uniquely diverse group of
talented and dedicated professionals – and a great pleasure as well. I look
forward to accomplishing even more alongside all of you in 2024 and beyond.

Happy New Year!

**Richard Teng**

Like this post

###### Share Post

Article Outlines

From Our CEO: 2023, the Year of Embracing Change While Remaining Committed to
Users

Tangible Trust

Blazing the Web3 Trail

Looking Ahead

### Community

[](https://discord.gg/jE4wt8g2H2)[](https://www.binance.com/en/community)[](https://www.tiktok.com/@binance?lang=en)[](https://www.facebook.com/binance)[](https://twitter.com/binance)[](https://www.reddit.com/r/binance)[](https://www.instagram.com/Binance/)[](https://coinmarketcap.com/exchanges/binance/)[](https://www.youtube.com/binanceyoutube)[](https://www.binance.com/en/community)

Theme

Theme

### About Us

  * [About](https://www.binance.com/en/about)
  * [Careers](https://www.binance.com/en/careers)
  * [Announcements](https://www.binance.com/en/support/announcement)
  * [News](https://www.binance.com/en/square/news/all)
  * [Press](https://www.binance.com/en/press)
  * [Legal](https://www.binance.com/en/legal/home)
  * [Terms](https://www.binance.com/en/terms)
  * [Privacy](https://www.binance.com/en/about-legal/privacy-portal)
  * [Building Trust](https://www.binance.com/en/land/building_trust)
  * [Blog](https://www.binance.com/en/blog)
  * [Community](https://www.binance.com/en/community)
  * [Sitemap](https://www.binance.com/en/country-region-selector)
  * [Risk Warning](https://www.binance.com/en/risk-warning)
  * [Notices](https://www.binance.com/en/support/list/notices)
  * [Downloads](https://www.binance.com/en/download)
  * [Desktop Application](https://www.binance.com/en/desktop-download)

### Products

  * [Exchange](https://www.binance.com/en/trade)
  * [Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/buy-sell-crypto)
  * [Leveraged Tokens](https://www.binance.com/en/leveraged-tokens/tokens/allTokens)
  * [TradingView](https://www.binance.com/en/land/tradingview)
  * [Pay](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/payment)
  * [Academy](https://academy.binance.com/en)
  * [Live](https://www.binance.com/en/live)
  * [Tax](https://www.binance.com/en/tax)
  * [Gift Card](https://www.binance.com/en/gift-card)
  * [Launchpad & Launchpool](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)
  * [Auto-Invest](https://www.binance.com/en/auto-invest)
  * [ETH Staking](https://www.binance.com/en/eth2)
  * [NFT](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/home)
  * [BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/bnb)
  * [BABT](https://www.binance.com/en/BABT?source=footer)
  * [Research](https://www.binance.com/en/research)
  * [Charity](https://www.binance.charity)

### Business

  * [P2P Merchant Application](https://c2c.binance.com/en/merchantApplication)
  * [P2Pro Merchant Application](https://p2p.binance.com/en/p2pro)
  * [Listing Application](https://www.binance.com/en/my/coin-apply)
  * [Institutional & VIP Services](https://www.binance.com/en/vip-institutional-services)
  * [Labs](https://labs.binance.com/)

### Learn

  * [Learn & Earn](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn)
  * [Browse Crypto Prices](https://www.binance.com/en/price)
  * [Bitcoin Price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/bitcoin)
  * [Ethereum Price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/ethereum)
  * [Browse Crypto Price Predictions](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction)
  * [Bitcoin Price Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction/bitcoin)
  * [Ethereum Price Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction/ethereum)
  * [Buy Bitcoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bitcoin)
  * [Buy BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bnb)
  * [Buy Ripple](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/xrp)
  * [Buy Dogecoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/dogecoin)
  * [Buy Ethereum](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/ethereum)
  * [Buy Tradable Altcoins](https://www.binance.com/en/altcoins/tradable)

### Service

  * [Affiliate](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/affiliate)
  * [Referral](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/referral?utm_source=Lite_web_footer)
  * [OTC Trading](https://www.binance.com/en/otc)
  * [Historical Market Data](https://www.binance.com/en/landing/data)
  * [Proof of Reserves](https://www.binance.com/en/proof-of-reserves)

### Support

  * [24/7 Chat Support](https://www.binance.com/en/chat?sourceEntry=4)
  * [Support Center](https://www.binance.com/en/support)
  * [Product Feedback & Suggestions](https://www.binance.com/en/my/user-support/feedback/entry)
  * [Fees](https://www.binance.com/en/fee/schedule)
  * [APIs](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-api)
  * [Binance Verify](https://www.binance.com/en/official-verification)
  * [Trading Rules](https://www.binance.com/en/trade-rule)
  * [Binance Airdrop Portal](https://www.binance.com/en/airdrop)
  * [Law Enforcement Requests](https://www.binance.com/en/support/law-enforcement)

Binance© 2024Cookie Preferences

