s m a r t

w a l l e t s

a t

l i g h t s p e e d

[Squads](../)

[Protocol](../protocol)

[Extension](../extension)

[Use Cases](../use-cases)

[About](https://www.sqds.io/)

[Blog](../blog)

[](../)

Get started

# How Do Multisig (Multi-signature) Wallets Work

Apr 30, 2023

![what-is-a-multisig-wallet-how-do-multi-signature-wallets-work-best-solana-
wallet-multisig-solana-multi-signature-wallet-squads-create-multisig-wallet-
ledger-
multisig](https://framerusercontent.com/images/zTpGAX2LApvnibzmQ2P3TGhYHKk.png)

Self-custody is a fundamental aspect enabled by blockchain technology,
allowing anyone to truly own their assets. Although traditional self-custody
solutions offer numerous benefits, they often lack the advanced security
features required by teams or high net worth individuals. In this regard,
multisigs often serve as a well-suited solution for improved protection of on-
chain assets.

For those looking to learn about what a multisig wallet is and how it works,
this article aims to provide a simple explanation, highlighting its use cases
for various profiles, as well as introducing the leading solution available
for use on Solana - Squads.

## Multisig (Multi-signature) Wallet Explained

![what-is-multisig-multisignature-wallet-solana-multisig-explained-threshold-
multisig-
owner](https://framerusercontent.com/images/lmaTdhVmvrkUn4wgyvAh5E8sERo.png)

Multisig, short for multi-signature, is a mechanism used to secure the
execution of transactions on a blockchain by requiring multiple signatures for
a transaction to be performed.

Multisig solutions are often referred to as multisig "wallets" since most of
them provide an interface to create and manage a multisig. A common analogy
for a multisig is a bank safe. One can open a safe in a bank to store valuable
items and designate signatories who can jointly access and manage the stored
items. Similarly, owners (signatories) can be assigned to a multisig and
granted authorization to access the on-chain assets held within. Each owner
represents a private key, which is what traditional wallets like Phantom or
Solflare allow you to create.

On Solana, a multisig uses a PDA ([Program Derived
Address](https://www.alchemy.com/overviews/program-derived-address)) to
function. A PDA is a unique address without a private key nor seed phrase. It
is generated by a Solana program, and can be given authority over an account.
This allows the multisig to manage anything a regular private key can manage.
During the creation of the multisig, two parameters are specified:

  * Owners - the set of private keys that sign transactions for the multisig;

  * Threshold - the number of signers required to execute a transaction.

For a long time, multisigs were only used to secure treasury assets
collectively. While they are effectively great for this purpose, multisigs
can, in fact, be used for any on-chain assets. This includes treasury, but
also programs, NFT collections, tokens, validators.

## Why Use Multisig - Best Use Cases

![why-multisig-vs-ledger-vs-cex-vs-hot-wallet-vs-cold-wallet-multisignature-
wallet-multisig-difference-comparison-multi-signature-wallet-with-traditional-
wallet](https://framerusercontent.com/images/KJnirSY8OKJ6Cha5cuCBeht8tLY.png)

Whether for DeFi protocols, NFT collections, or even institutions, traditional
self-custody solutions are not suited for the needs of teams and
organizations:

  * CEXs are unreliable, since everything happens off-chain;

  * hot wallets pose risks, as they can easily be compromised;

  * cold wallets lack collective management.

Conversely, a multisig removes any single point of failure, which means it's
impossible for one individual or one cold wallet to perform unauthorized
actions. Every action (e.g., transfer of funds, program upgrade deployment)
performed within the multisig has to be approved by all the owners. Securing
all on-chain assets with multi-signature functionality enables better
management with core team members, traceability of all transactions, and
reduced risk of lost or compromised keys. All these factors can also
strengthen user trust in a protocol.

### For Protocols

![multisig-for-protocols-defi-project-multi-signature-wallet-treasury-program-
management-upgrade-authority-funds-multisig-self-custody-on-chain-
assets](https://framerusercontent.com/images/l77r8lWE8BA09bWSyq2lE2izlwo.png)

The fuel of a protocol is its **treasury,** and transparency on its status and
actions is crucial to allow for the smooth operation of the project. A
multisig is an excellent solution for collective management of a treasury with
a team, as it ensures that only designated core members have access to it.
Additionally, every transaction moving funds has to be approved by the owners
and can be monitored to avoid malicious transfers. Held within a multisig, the
treasury is always visible on-chain.

**Programs** are also among the most valuable assets of a protocol, as their
management affects user funds and trust. Like the treasury, it's essential to
ensure that all core team members agree before any changes are made.
Entrusting all program control to a single individual/key is highly risky and
can easily lead to unwanted situations. Moreover, compromised programs can
severely damage a protocol's reputation, and trust is hard to earn in the
crypto space - this could lead to users migrating to competitors.

### For NFT Collections

![multisig-nft-collections-revenue-royalties-solana-nft-multi-signature-
wallet-treasury-nfts-key-authority-collection-nft-management-solana-multisig-
use-cases](https://framerusercontent.com/images/PHhRwjUhLQhKHmoIp25EOYML0.png)

Whether it's the SOL collected from a mint or royalties, NFT projects can
greatly benefit from using a multisig with their team to manage their
**revenue** , funds, or high-value NFTs held as **treasury** assets. It can
offer several benefits including better management of the revenue generated by
the project to pay employees and contractors or to invest in the growth of the
collection.

In contrast to protocols where programs are the most valuable assets, NFT
teams' most valuable assets is the **authority key of their NFT collection** ,
since it can modify the metadata (e.g. supply, name, images). Transferring the
collection authority key to a multisig enables collective management instead
of relying on a cold/hot wallet, which is more susceptible to unauthorized
actions.

### For Emerging Projects (e.g. Grizzlython)

![multisig-emerging-project-solana-grizzlython-grant-strategic-round-programs-
token-management-launch-airdrop-multi-signature-multisig-wallet-
solana](https://framerusercontent.com/images/NF93cxDjszSPHj6L7HLGPe4uPo.png)

Emerging projects have an advantage: they are building their foundations and
can easily start managing their business securely from the start. The first
thing to do is securing the **grant/strategic round** raised to ensure that
they can safely develop their project. After that, delegating their **program
upgrade authorities** to a multisig to prevent unauthorized changes once the
project is live - which can also help in earning the trust of early adopters
to use the project.

If the project later decides to create a token, itâs also worth exploring
the use of a multisig to manage the mint/burn of the token supply. Just like
treasury or programs, **token management** should be collective and secure to
avoid any unwanted situation for the tokenâs holders.

### For Validators

![multisig-validators-solana-validator-node-authorized-withdrawer-commissions-
rewards-validator-revenue-liquid-staked-sol-staking-multisig-validator-multi-
signature-
wallet](https://framerusercontent.com/images/5LuYtEGjkeYE4CAjxoQCaCYTz4.png)

Validators should also consider using a multisig to manage their [authorized
withdrawer](https://docs.solana.com/running-validator/vote-accounts) keypair.
Stakers place their trust in validators to manage their SOL responsibly, and
any unauthorized access to the authority for managing rewards or the
commission could severely damage the validator's reputation. If a malicious
actor changes the commission rate or withdraws rewards without consent, it
could ruin confidence in the validator and potentially kill its business.
Employing a multisig for the withdraw authority adds a layer of security and
helps protect the interests of both the validator and its stakers.

For validator teams or organizations, using a multisig for the **withdraw
authority** also allows for shared management. This can help distribute
decision-making power and ensure that actions like withdrawing rewards or
updating the validator identity are agreed upon by all the parties.

### For Individuals or VCs

![multisig-individual-vc-solana-multi-signature-wallet-vs-phantom-vs-
traditional-wallet-best-solana-multisig-best-solana-wallet-
multisig](https://framerusercontent.com/images/TT4LOVfxUWzycTgacEBr9B8x4qg.png)

Lastly, although multisigs are frequently used by teams, they can also be
beneficial for individuals, such as high net worth investors, or VCs who
require a more advanced self-custody solution than cold wallets. The setup for
individuals is somehow different, as all multisig owners are the same person.
A practical setup without many UX compromises is a multisig with three keys -
two Ledgers and one hot wallet (e.g., Phantom) - with a 2/3 threshold. This
configuration allows for using one Ledger and the hot wallet for daily
operations, while keeping the second Ledger in a secure location in case one
key is lost or compromised. The third key could also belong to a trusted
friend or family member.

While achieving immutability should be the ultimate goal for most protocols,
multisigs serve as an excellent interim solution. Multisigs can accommodate a
variety of profiles and are often better suited than hot or cold wallet
solutions for managing valuable on-chain assets with complex management
requirements. On Solana, Squads leads the way with a multisig solution
tailored for teams.

## Squads: A Solana Multisig Platform for Teams

![squads-solana-multisig-platform-multi-signature-wallet-manage-treasury-
programs-validators-best-crypto-wallet-
solana](https://framerusercontent.com/images/Omr259qsMURR8ccpg9kWCQ5Ik8c.png)

Squads is a platform with multisig functionality at its core for managing
treasury, programs, validators, and any type of asset on Solana. Easily
transfer your authority keys to Squads, deploy new program upgrades via
multisig, or simply deposit any SPL tokens such as USDC or SOL to collectively
manage funds with your team.

Launched 2 years ago, Squads is open-source, formally verified, and immutable.
Used by the biggest teams on Solana, the platform has been built to meet every
projectâs needs.

![squads-treasury-developer-assets-multisig-solana-squads-protocol-squads-
app](https://framerusercontent.com/images/n4Y6TQYEeT6OkOnzwdw7kjtgX2M.png)

Multisigs have evolved into more advanced solutions, making blockchain and
decentralized finance a more secure place for building projects and managing
funds. They can fit a variety of profiles and be used for many purposes. While
it may not be the norm yet, at Squads we strongly believe that teams not using
multisig for managing their on-chain assets will soon be a relic of the past,
as multisigs offer superior security and flexibility compared to centralized
exchanges or hot/cold wallets.

  

### Get Started:

_Squads platform:  _[_https://v3.squads.so/_](https://v3.squads.so/)_  
Read the documentation:
_[_https://docs.squads.so/squads-v3-docs/_](https://docs.squads.so/squads-v3-docs/)_  
Review the code:  _[_https://github.com/Squads-Protocol/squads-
mpl_](https://github.com/Squads-Protocol/squads-mpl) _  
Join the community:
_[_https://discord.com/invite/tYpY9UfRFx_](https://discord.com/invite/tYpY9UfRFx)

  

Continue reading

[![why-use-squads-why-multisig-solana-multisig-wallet-squads-leading-multi-
signature-solution-mpc-alternative-solana-secure-sol-for-company-squads-
protocol-
audited](https://framerusercontent.com/images/6S99P6ebVfLr6xzbo831NVDrCM.png)Why
Do Enterprises Use Squads For Their On-chain OperationsMarch 6, 2024](./why-
use-squads)[![how-to-create-mint-solana-spl-token-burn-mint-authority-solana-
multisig-squads-spl-token-
management](https://framerusercontent.com/images/YeQMBSozonTrL7s0M1gHdvMHtCw.png)Create
and Manage Solana (SPL) Tokens with SquadsDecember 13, 2023](./create-manage-
solana-spl-token)[![squads-solana-leading-multisig-spending-limits-treasury-
management-solana-multisig-wallet-squads-protocol-audited-formal-
verification](https://framerusercontent.com/images/2tyh01MPlECImwUoS4lpntdjCM.png)How
to Improve Treasury Operations with Spending LimitsNovember 29,
2023](./spending-limits)

[](../)

All rights reserved

Â© Squads Protocol 2024

Product

[Squads](../)

[Protocol](../protocol)

[Extension](../extension)

[Use Cases](../use-cases)

[Why Multisig](https://squads.so/blog/what-are-multisig-wallets)

Resources

[Github](https://github.com/Squads-Protocol)

[SDK](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@sqds/multisig)

[Documentation](https://docs.squads.so/main/basics/welcome-to-squads)

[Blog](../blog)

[Multisig vs MPC](https://squads.so/blog/mpc-wallets-risks-vs-multisig)

Company

[About](../about)

[Brand assets](../brand-assets)

[Twitter](https://twitter.com/squadsprotocol)

[Discord](https://discord.com/invite/YPXz64TrKs)

[Farcaster](https://warpcast.com/squads)

Legal

[Terms of Service](../legal/terms-of-service)

[Privacy Policy](../legal/privacy-policy)

[Contact us](https://discord.com/invite/YPXz64TrKs)

