[Cube](/ "Cube | The World's Fastest Crypto Exchange")

[Trade](/trade)[Rewards](/rewards)[FAQ](/faqs)[Fees](/fees)[Litepaper](/litepaper)[Learn](/learn)[News](/news)[About](/about)

[Sign In](/signin)

Open main menu

# Space Sweepstakes

Last Updated: Feb 1, 2024

**Space Program Giveaway Promotion (“Promotion”) Terms and Conditions**

NO PURCHASE OR PAYMENT OF ANY KIND IS NECESSARY TO ENTER OR WIN THIS
PROMOTION.A PURCHASE WILL NOT INCREASE YOUR CHANCES OF WINNING. VOID WHERE
PROHIBITED OR RESTRICTED BY LAW.

Cube Exchange (“Cube”) is embarking on an unprecedented mission to redefine
the boundaries of trading and innovation. Our latest campaign is set to make
history by sending one visionary trader beyond the Earth's atmosphere, making
them the first person to execute a crypto trade from space. This monumental
endeavor represents our commitment to pushing the envelope, not just for Cube,
but for the entire crypto industry.

**Timing & Entries**

●The Promotion begins on **February 1, 2024** , and runs through **March 1,
2024**(“Promotion Period”).

●Entries based on the rules set forth in these terms must occur within the
Promotion Period.

**How to Enter**

In order to enter the Promotion, a user can complete any of the following:

Successfully open a Cube Exchange account, which requires successful
completion of Customer Identification Procedures/Know Your Customer

Log in to your account (limit of 1 per day)

Like and retweet Cube’s announcement on X (@cubexch) regarding this Promotion
(limit of 1 retweet)

Upon completion of any of the above, a user will receive 1 entry into the
prize drawing.

In addition to enter the Promotion, a user can complete any of the following:

Successfully deposit at least 500 JUP tokens to their Cube wallet

Execute trades totaling at least EUR 1,000 during the life of the campaign

Refer new users to Cube (this is dependent on the referred person successfully
opening an account)

Users will receive 3 entries into the prize drawing each time they complete
either of the 2 items immediately above.

FREE, ALTERNATIVE METHOD OF ENTRY

To enter this promotion without completing any of the activities listed above:
Hand print on a 3" X 5" card with your complete name, address, date of birth,
daytime phone number, email address (if applicable), and "Space Program
Promotion" and mail the original handwritten card inside an outer envelope (no
larger than a #10 envelope) to _Cube Exchange Australia Pty Ltd, 35 Market
Street, South Melbourne VIC 3205, Australia_  (such entry method is the
"AMOE").

If an entry form is drawn but found to be incomplete or the writing illegible
to the point that we are unable to determine the identity of the winner, that
entry form will be disqualified. Entries become our property and will not be
returned. There is a limit of one (1) valid AMOE per eligible person during
the Promotion Period. All AMOE entries received from the same person over the
quantity of one (1) will be eliminated from the random drawings. All mailing
entries must be post-marked by February 10, 2024 and received by us by
February 25, 2024 to be eligible for the random drawings to win. An eligible
respondent who properly completes and submits a card using this AMOE method of
entry during the Promotion Period will receive one (1) eligible entry into the
random drawing.

**Prize Drawing**

DRAWING:Thirty-four (34) winners will be selected in a random drawing from all
eligible entries received during the Promotion Period. Drawing will be held on
March 5, 2024 at 4:00 p.m. Central Time. The first eligible winner will be the
Grand Prize winner, the next three (3) eligible winners will be First Prize
winners, the next ten (10) eligible winners will be Second Prize winners, and
the final twenty (20) eligible winners will be Third Prize winners.

The odds of winning are dependent upon the total number of entries received.

For the avoidance of doubt, all eligible entries that comply with these terms
will be entered into the Promotion, and such entries will not be judged, but
only used as a method of entry into the random drawings specified herein. All
eligible respondents with a proper entry under these terms will be entered
into random drawings to receive the prizes below. All improperly completed
entries will not be entered into the random drawings to win the prizes listed
herein and will not be returned.

**Prizes**

Grand Prize

A trip to space.

Approximate Retail Value: $150,000

First Prize

EUR 2,500 worth of JUP tokens deposited to your Cube account

Approximate Retail Value: EUR 2,500

Second Prize

EUR 500 worth of JUP tokens deposited to your Cube account

Approximate Retail Value: EUR 500

Third Prize

EUR 100 worth of JUP tokens deposited to your Cube account

Approximate Retail Value: EUR 100

Prize drawing, delivery, administration and all related aspects to the
management of prizes under this Promotion shall be managed by Limitless
Creative (<https://limitlesscreative.com>). Additional terms and conditions
imposed by Limitless Creative may apply. Potential winners may be required to
produce proof of identity, address, and birth date, and may be required to
execute and return certain winner documents (as applicable), including an
affidavit of eligibility, a liability and publicity release, and tax
acknowledgment form.If a potential winner cannot be contacted, is a bot, is
ineligible, fails to claim the prize, or fails to return the required
documents within fourteen (14) days or by the deadline specified in any prize-
related documents, the prize may, in our sole discretion, be forfeited and/or
awarded randomly to an alternate winner. We are not responsible for the safe
arrival of any notification, confirmation thereof, or other
correspondence.Except where legally prohibited, potential winners grant (and
agree to confirm in writing) permission for Cube to use his/her name,
likeness, biographical information, voice and other indicia of persona in
advertising/trade/promotional/publicity materials worldwide without notice or
additional compensation. Except for the Grand Prize, prizes will be provided
to the potential winners within six (6) weeks of Cube’s receipt of the
winner’s required documents. No mechanically or programmatically reproduced
entries are permitted.Cube will not verify receipt of entries for entrants.All
entries submitted become the sole property of Cube and will not be returned.

Each participant in the Promotion is bound by the following additional terms
and conditions:

The Promotion is void where prohibited or otherwise impermissible by law or
regulation.

The Promotion is not available to anyone in the United States, and no entries
will be accepted from U.S. persons.

Cube makes no warranty about and assumes no liability for the safety or other
conditions of the space travel component of the Promotion, and Cube retains
full discretion to substitute the Promotion with a different item or
prize.NOTICE – THE SUBSTITUTED PRIZE MAY NOT NECESSARILY HAVE THE SAME VALUE
AS THE ORIGINAL PRIZE.

Participants agree that Cube may use aspects of their participation in social
media or other marketing and similar posts or content.These terms and
conditions are subject to supplementation and change without prior notice by
Cube.

Any potential participant who, in the determination of Cube, has violated
these terms or otherwise attempted to secure invalid entries will be
disqualified from the promotion.

Participation in the promotion is entirely voluntary.A Cube customer is not
required or expected to participate in the promotion.

Additional restrictions, obligations, terms and conditions applicable to this
Promotion can be found on Cube’s website at
<https://cube.exchange/legal/keyboard-sweepstakes>, including terms found
under the “YES, THERE IS STILL MORE LEGAL STUFF ABOUT THE SWEEPSTAKES WE HAVE
TO TELL YOU (Picture A Very Stern Lawyer Reading This Section)”, applicable
here as the case may be. If a portion of these terms conflict with the terms
listed on the foregoing website, these terms will control.

The latest Space Sweepstakes changes were made on Feb 1, 2024

[Cube](/ "Cube | The World's Fastest Crypto Exchange")

[Company](/company)[Legal](/legal)[FAQ's](/faqs)[Fees](/fees)[News](/news)[Press](/press)[Careers](https://www.linkedin.com/company/cubexch/jobs)[Privacy](/legal/privacy-
policy)

[](https://www.twitter.com/cubexch)[](https://www.instagram.com/cubexch/)[](https://www.linkedin.com/company/cubexch)[](https://www.youtube.com/@cubexch)

© 2024 Cube Exchange Australia Pty Ltd, All rights reserved.

