Skip to main content

[](/en/)

  * Learn
  * Use
  * Build
  * Participate
  * Research

Search```K`

Languages EN

Change page

[Overview](/en/developers/docs/)

Foundational topics

[Intro to Ethereum](/en/developers/docs/intro-to-ethereum/)

[Intro to Ether](/en/developers/docs/intro-to-ether/)

[Intro to dapps](/en/developers/docs/dapps/)

[Web2 vs Web3](/en/developers/docs/web2-vs-web3/)

[Accounts](/en/developers/docs/accounts/)

[Transactions](/en/developers/docs/transactions/)

[Blocks](/en/developers/docs/blocks/)

[Ethereum virtual machine (EVM)](/en/developers/docs/evm/)

[Opcodes](/en/developers/docs/evm/opcodes/)

[Gas](/en/developers/docs/gas/)

[Nodes and clients](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/)

[Run a node](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/run-a-node/)

[Client diversity](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/client-diversity/)

[Nodes as a service](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/nodes-as-a-
service/)

[Node architecture](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/node-architecture/)

[Light clients](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/light-clients/)

[Archive nodes](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/archive-nodes/)

[Bootnodes](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/bootnodes/)

[Networks](/en/developers/docs/networks/)

[Consensus mechanisms](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/)

[Proof-of-work](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pow/)

[Mining](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pow/mining/)

[Mining algorithms](/en/developers/docs/consensus-
mechanisms/pow/mining/mining-algorithms/)

[Dagger-Hashimoto](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pow/mining/mining-
algorithms/dagger-hashimoto/)

[Ethash](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pow/mining/mining-
algorithms/ethash/)

[Proof-of-stake](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/)

[Gasper](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/gasper/)

[Weak subjectivity](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/weak-
subjectivity/)

[Attestations](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/attestations/)

[PoS rewards and penalties](/en/developers/docs/consensus-
mechanisms/pos/rewards-and-penalties/)

[PoS attack and defense](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/attack-
and-defense/)

[Keys](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/keys/)

[Proof-of-stake versus proof-of-work](/en/developers/docs/consensus-
mechanisms/pos/pos-vs-pow/)

[Block proposal](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/block-proposal/)

[Proof-of-stake FAQs](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/faqs/)

[Proof-of-authority](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/poa/)

Ethereum stack

[Intro to the stack](/en/developers/docs/ethereum-stack/)

[Smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/)

[Smart contract languages](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/languages/)

[Smart contract anatomy](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/anatomy/)

[Smart contracts libraries](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/libraries/)

[Testing smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/testing/)

[Compiling smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/compiling/)

[Deploying smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/deploying/)

[Verifying smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/verifying/)

[Upgrading smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/upgrading/)

[Smart contract security](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/security/)

[Smart contract formal verification](/en/developers/docs/smart-
contracts/formal-verification/)

[Composability](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/composability/)

[Development networks](/en/developers/docs/development-networks/)

[Development frameworks](/en/developers/docs/frameworks/)

Ethereum client APIs

[JavaScript APIs](/en/developers/docs/apis/javascript/)

[Backend APIs](/en/developers/docs/apis/backend/)

[JSON-RPC](/en/developers/docs/apis/json-rpc/)

[Data and analytics](/en/developers/docs/data-and-analytics/)

[Block explorers](/en/developers/docs/data-and-analytics/block-explorers/)

[Storage](/en/developers/docs/storage/)

[Integrated Development Environments (IDEs)](/en/developers/docs/ides/)

[Programming languages](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/)

[Dart](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/dart/)

[Delphi](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/delphi/)

[.NET](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/dot-net/)

[Golang](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/golang/)

[Java](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/java/)

[JavaScript](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/javascript/)

[Python](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/python/)

[Ruby](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/ruby/)

[Rust](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/rust/)

Advanced

[Bridges](/en/developers/docs/bridges/)

[Standards](/en/developers/docs/standards/)

[Token standards](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/)

[ERC-20: Fungible Tokens](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/erc-20/)

[ERC-721: NFTs](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/erc-721/)

[ERC-777](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/erc-777/)

[ERC-1155](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/erc-1155/)

[ERC-4626](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/erc-4626/)

[Maximal extractable value (MEV)](/en/developers/docs/mev/)

[Oracles](/en/developers/docs/oracles/)

[Scaling](/en/developers/docs/scaling/)

[Optimistic rollups](/en/developers/docs/scaling/optimistic-rollups/)

[Zero-knowledge rollups](/en/developers/docs/scaling/zk-rollups/)

[State channels](/en/developers/docs/scaling/state-channels/)

[Sidechains](/en/developers/docs/scaling/sidechains/)

[Plasma](/en/developers/docs/scaling/plasma/)

[Validium](/en/developers/docs/scaling/validium/)

[Data availability](/en/developers/docs/data-availability/)

[Networking layer](/en/developers/docs/networking-layer/)

[Network addresses](/en/developers/docs/networking-layer/network-addresses/)

[Portal Network](/en/developers/docs/networking-layer/portal-network/)

[Data structures and encoding](/en/developers/docs/data-structures-and-
encoding/)

[Patricia Merkle Trie](/en/developers/docs/data-structures-and-
encoding/patricia-merkle-trie/)

[Recursive-length prefix (RLP)](/en/developers/docs/data-structures-and-
encoding/rlp/)

[Simple serialize (SSZ)](/en/developers/docs/data-structures-and-
encoding/ssz/)

[Web3 secret storage definition](/en/developers/docs/data-structures-and-
encoding/web3-secret-storage/)

Design fundamentals

[Intro to design and UX](/en/developers/docs/design-and-ux/)

# Decentralized Storage

w

Last edit: [@wackerow(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/wackerow), March
26, 2024

See contributors

On this page

  * Persistence mechanism / incentive structure
    * Blockchain-based
    * Contract-based
    * Additional considerations
  * Data retention
    * Challenge mechanism
    * Decentrality
    * Consensus
  * Related tools
  * Further reading
  * Related topics

Unlike a centralized server operated by a single company or organization,
decentralized storage systems consist of a peer-to-peer network of user-
operators who hold a portion of the overall data, creating a resilient file
storage sharing system. These can be in a blockchain-based application or any
peer-to-peer-based network.

Ethereum itself can be used as a decentralized storage system, and it is when
it comes to code storage in all the smart contracts. However, when it comes to
large amounts of data, that isn't what Ethereum was designed for. The chain is
steadily growing, but at the time of writing, the Ethereum chain is around
500GB - 1TB ([depending on the client(opens in a new
tab)](https://etherscan.io/chartsync/chaindefault)), and every node on the
network needs to be able to store all of the data. If the chain were to expand
to large amounts of data (say 5TBs) it wouldn't be feasible for all nodes to
continue to run. Also, the cost of deploying this much data to Mainnet would
be prohibitively expensive due to [gas](/en/developers/docs/gas/) fees.

Due to these constraints, we need a different chain or methodology to store
large amounts of data in a decentralized way.

When looking at decentralized storage (dStorage) options, there are a few
things a user must keep in mind.

  * Persistence mechanism / incentive structure
  * Data retention enforcement
  * Decentrality
  * Consensus

## Persistence mechanism / incentive structure

### Blockchain-based

For a piece of data to persist forever, we need to use a persistence
mechanism. For example, on Ethereum, the persistence mechanism is that the
whole chain needs to be accounted for when running a node. New pieces of data
get tacked onto the end of the chain, and it continues to grow - requiring
every node to replicate all the embedded data.

This is known as **blockchain-based** persistence.

The issue with blockchain-based persistence is that the chain could get far
too big to upkeep and store all the data feasibly (e.g. [many sources(opens in
a new tab)](https://healthit.com.au/how-big-is-the-internet-and-how-do-we-
measure-it/) estimate the Internet to require over 40 Zetabytes of storage
capacity).

The blockchain must also have some type of incentive structure. For
blockchain-based persistence, there is a payment made to the validator. When
the data is added to the chain, the validators are paid to add the data on.

Platforms with blockchain-based persistence:

  * Ethereum
  * [Arweave(opens in a new tab)](https://www.arweave.org/)

### Contract-based

**Contract-based** persistence has the intuition that data cannot be
replicated by every node and stored forever, and instead must be upkept with
contract agreements. These are agreements made with multiple nodes that have
promised to hold a piece of data for a period of time. They must be refunded
or renewed whenever they run out to keep the data persisted.

In most cases, instead of storing all data on-chain, the hash of where the
data is located on a chain gets stored. This way, the entire chain doesn't
need to scale to keep all of the data.

Platforms with contract-based persistence:

  * [Filecoin(opens in a new tab)](https://docs.filecoin.io/about-filecoin/what-is-filecoin/)
  * [Skynet(opens in a new tab)](https://siasky.net/)
  * [Storj(opens in a new tab)](https://storj.io/)
  * [0Chain(opens in a new tab)](https://0chain.net/)
  * [Crust Network(opens in a new tab)](https://crust.network)
  * [Swarm(opens in a new tab)](https://www.ethswarm.org/)
  * [4EVERLAND(opens in a new tab)](https://www.4everland.org/)

### Additional considerations

IPFS is a distributed system for storing and accessing files, websites,
applications, and data. It doesn't have a built-in incentive scheme, but can
instead be used with any of the contract-based incentive solutions above for
longer-term persistence. Another way to persist data on IPFS is to work with a
pinning service, which will "pin" your data for you. You can even run your own
IPFS node and contribute to the network to persist your and/or other's data
for free!

  * [IPFS(opens in a new tab)](https://docs.ipfs.io/concepts/what-is-ipfs/)
  * [Pinata(opens in a new tab)](https://www.pinata.cloud/) _(IPFS pinning service)_
  * [web3.storage(opens in a new tab)](https://web3.storage/) _(IPFS/Filecoin pinning service)_
  * [Infura(opens in a new tab)](https://infura.io/product/ipfs) _(IPFS pinning service)_
  * [IPFS Scan(opens in a new tab)](https://ipfs-scan.io) _(IPFS pinning explorer)_
  * [4EVERLAND(opens in a new tab)](https://www.4everland.org/)_（IPFS pinning service）_
  * [Filebase(opens in a new tab)](https://filebase.com) _(IPFS Pinning Service)_
  * [Spheron Network(opens in a new tab)](https://spheron.network/) _(IPFS/Filecoin pinning service)_

SWARM is a decentralized data storage and distribution technology with a
storage incentive system and a storage rent price oracle.

## Data retention

In order to retain data, systems must have some sort of mechanism to make sure
data is retained.

### Challenge mechanism

One of the most popular ways to make sure data is retained, is to use some
type of cryptographic challenge that is issued to the nodes to make sure they
still have the data. A simple one is looking at Arweave's proof-of-access.
They issue a challenge to the nodes to see if they have the data at both the
most recent block and a random block in the past. If the node can't come up
with the answer, they are penalized.

Types of dStorage with a challenge mechanism:

  * 0Chain
  * Skynet
  * Arweave
  * Filecoin
  * Crust Network
  * 4EVERLAND

### Decentrality

There aren't great tools to measure the level of decentralization of
platforms, but in general, you'll want to use tools that don't have some form
of KYC to provide evidence they are not centralized.

Decentralized tools without KYC:

  * 0Chain (implementing a non-KYC edition)
  * Skynet
  * Arweave
  * Filecoin
  * IPFS
  * Ethereum
  * Crust Network
  * 4EVERLAND

### Consensus

Most of these tools have their own version of a [consensus
mechanism](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/) but generally they are
based on either [**proof-of-work (PoW)**](/en/developers/docs/consensus-
mechanisms/pow/) or [**proof-of-stake (PoS)**](/en/developers/docs/consensus-
mechanisms/pos/).

Proof-of-work based:

  * Skynet
  * Arweave

Proof-of-stake based:

  * Ethereum
  * Filecoin
  * 0Chain
  * Crust Network

## Related tools

**IPFS -_InterPlanetary File System is a decentralized storage and file
referencing system for Ethereum._**

  * [Ipfs.io(opens in a new tab)](https://ipfs.io/)
  * [Documentation(opens in a new tab)](https://docs.ipfs.io/)
  * [GitHub(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/ipfs/ipfs)

**Storj DCS -_Secure, private, and S3-compatible decentralized cloud object
storage for developers._**

  * [Storj.io(opens in a new tab)](https://storj.io/)
  * [Documentation(opens in a new tab)](https://docs.storj.io/)
  * [GitHub(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/storj/storj)

**Skynet -_Skynet is a decentralized PoW chain dedicated to a decentralized
web._**

  * [Skynet.net(opens in a new tab)](https://siasky.net/)
  * [Documentation(opens in a new tab)](https://siasky.net/docs/)
  * [GitHub(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/SkynetLabs/)

**Filecoin -_Filecoin was created from the same team behind IPFS. It is an
incentive layer on top of the IPFS ideals._**

  * [Filecoin.io(opens in a new tab)](https://filecoin.io/)
  * [Documentation(opens in a new tab)](https://docs.filecoin.io/)
  * [GitHub(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/filecoin-project/)

**Arweave -_Arweave is a dStorage platform for storing data._**

  * [Arweave.org(opens in a new tab)](https://www.arweave.org/)
  * [Documentation(opens in a new tab)](https://docs.arweave.org/info/)
  * [Arweave(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/ArweaveTeam/arweave/)

**0chain -_0Chain is a proof-of-stake dStorage platform with sharding and
blobbers._**

  * [0Chain.net(opens in a new tab)](https://0chain.net/)
  * [Documentation(opens in a new tab)](https://docs.0chain.net/0chain/)
  * [GitHub(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/0chain/)

**Crust Network -_Crust is a dStorage platform on top of the IPFS._**

  * [Crust.network(opens in a new tab)](https://crust.network)
  * [Documentation(opens in a new tab)](https://wiki.crust.network)
  * [GitHub(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/crustio)

**Swarm -_A distributed storage platform and content distribution service for
the Ethereum web3 stack._**

  * [EthSwarm.org(opens in a new tab)](https://www.ethswarm.org/)
  * [Documentation(opens in a new tab)](https://docs.ethswarm.org/docs/)
  * [GitHub(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/ethersphere/)

**OrbitDB -_A decentralized peer to peer database on top of IPFS._**

  * [OrbitDB.org(opens in a new tab)](https://orbitdb.org/)
  * [Documentation(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/orbitdb/field-manual/)
  * [GitHub(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/orbitdb/orbit-db/)

**Aleph.im -_Decentralized cloud project (database, file storage, computing
and DID). A unique blend of offchain and onchain peer-to-peer technology. IPFS
and multi-chain compatibility._**

  * [Aleph.im(opens in a new tab)](https://aleph.im/)
  * [Documentation(opens in a new tab)](https://aleph.im/#/developers/)
  * [GitHub(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/aleph-im/)

**Ceramic -_User-controlled IPFS database storage for data-rich and engaging
applications._**

  * [Ceramic.network(opens in a new tab)](https://ceramic.network/)
  * [Documentation(opens in a new tab)](https://developers.ceramic.network/learn/welcome/)
  * [GitHub(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/ceramicnetwork/js-ceramic/)

**Filebase -_S3-compatible decentralized storage and geo-redundant IPFS
pinning service. All files uploaded to IPFS through Filebase are automatically
pinned to the Filebase infrastructure with 3x replication across the globe._**

  * [Filebase.com(opens in a new tab)](https://filebase.com/)
  * [Documentation(opens in a new tab)](https://docs.filebase.com/)
  * [GitHub(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/filebase)

**4EVERLAND -_A Web 3.0 cloud computing platform that integrates storage,
compute and networking core capabilities, is S3 compatible and provides
synchronous data storage on decentralized storage networks such as IPFS and
Arweave._**

  * [4everland.org(opens in a new tab)](https://www.4everland.org/)
  * [Documentation(opens in a new tab)](https://docs.4everland.org/)
  * [GitHub(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/4everland)

**Kaleido -_A blockchain-as-a-service platform with click-button IPFS Nodes_**

  * [Kaleido(opens in a new tab)](https://kaleido.io/)
  * [Documentation(opens in a new tab)](https://docs.kaleido.io/kaleido-services/ipfs/)
  * [GitHub(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/kaleido-io)

**Spheron Network -_Spheron is a platform-as-a-service (PaaS) designed for
dApps looking to launch their applications on decentralized infra with best
performance. It provides compute, decentralized storage, CDN & web hosting out
of the box._**

  * [spheron.network(opens in a new tab)](https://spheron.network/)
  * [Documentation(opens in a new tab)](https://docs.spheron.network/)
  * [GitHub(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/spheronFdn)

## Further reading

  * [What Is Decentralized Storage?(opens in a new tab)](https://coinmarketcap.com/alexandria/article/what-is-decentralized-storage-a-deep-dive-by-filecoin) \- _CoinMarketCap_
  * [Busting Five Common Myths about Decentralized Storage(opens in a new tab)](https://www.storj.io/blog/busting-five-common-myths-about-decentralized-storage) \- _Storj_

 _Know of a community resource that helped you? Edit this page and add it!_

## Related topics

  * [Development frameworks](/en/developers/docs/frameworks/)

back-to-top ↑

### Was this article helpful?

YesNo

![👈](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f448.svg)

Previous

[Block explorers](/en/developers/docs/data-and-analytics/block-explorers/)

![👉](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f449.svg)

Next

[Integrated Development Environments (IDEs)](/en/developers/docs/ides/)

  * [Edit page(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/ethereum/ethereum-org-website/tree/dev/public/content/developers/docs/storage/index.md)
  * On this page

    * Persistence mechanism / incentive structure
      * Blockchain-based
      * Contract-based
      * Additional considerations
    * Data retention
      * Challenge mechanism
      * Decentrality
      * Consensus
    * Related tools
    * Further reading
    * Related topics

Website last updated: May 22, 2024

[(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/ethereum/ethereum-org-
website)[(opens in a new tab)](https://twitter.com/ethdotorg)[(opens in a new
tab)](https://discord.gg/ethereum-org)

### Learn

  * [Learn Hub](/en/learn/)
  * [What is Ethereum?](/en/what-is-ethereum/)
  * [What is ether (ETH)?](/en/eth/)
  * [Ethereum wallets](/en/wallets/)
  * [What is Web3?](/en/web3/)
  * [Smart contracts](/en/smart-contracts/)
  * [Gas fees](/en/gas/)
  * [Run a node](/en/run-a-node/)
  * [Ethereum security and scam prevention](/en/security/)
  * [Quiz Hub](/en/quizzes/)
  * [Ethereum glossary](/en/glossary/)

### Use

  * [Guides](/en/guides/)
  * [Choose your wallet](/en/wallets/find-wallet/)
  * [Get ETH](/en/get-eth/)
  * [Dapps - Decentralized applications](/en/dapps/)
  * [Stablecoins](/en/stablecoins/)
  * [NFTs - Non-fungible tokens](/en/nft/)
  * [DeFi - Decentralized finance](/en/defi/)
  * [DAOs - Decentralized autonomous organizations](/en/dao/)
  * [Decentralized identity](/en/decentralized-identity/)
  * [Stake ETH](/en/staking/)
  * [Layer 2](/en/layer-2/)

### Build

  * [Builder's home](/en/developers/)
  * [Tutorials](/en/developers/tutorials/)
  * [Documentation](/en/developers/docs/)
  * [Learn by coding](/en/developers/learning-tools/)
  * [Set up local environment](/en/developers/local-environment/)
  * [Grants](/en/community/grants/)
  * [Foundational topics](/en/developers/docs/intro-to-ethereum/)
  * [UX/UI design fundamentals](/en/developers/docs/design-and-ux/)
  * [Enterprise - Mainnet Ethereum](/en/enterprise/)
  * [Enterprise - Private Ethereum](/en/enterprise/private-ethereum/)

### Participate

  * [Community hub](/en/community/)
  * [Online communities](/en/community/online/)
  * [Ethereum events](/en/community/events/)
  * [Contributing to ethereum.org](/en/contributing/)
  * [Translation Program](/en/contributing/translation-program/)
  * [Ethereum bug bounty program](/en/bug-bounty/)
  * [Ethereum Foundation](/en/foundation/)
  * [Ethereum Foundation Blog(opens in a new tab)](https://blog.ethereum.org/)
  * [Ecosystem Support Program(opens in a new tab)](https://esp.ethereum.foundation)
  * [Devcon(opens in a new tab)](https://devcon.org/)

### Research

  * [Ethereum Whitepaper](/en/whitepaper/)
  * [Ethereum roadmap](/en/roadmap/)
  * [Improved security](/en/roadmap/security/)
  * [Technical history of Ethereum](/en/history/)
  * [Open research](/en/community/research/)
  * [Ethereum Improvement Proposals](/en/eips/)
  * [Ethereum governance](/en/governance/)

  * [About us](/en/about/)
  * [Ethereum brand assets](/en/assets/)
  * [Code of conduct](/en/community/code-of-conduct/)
  * [Jobs](/en/about/#open-jobs)
  * [Privacy policy](/en/privacy-policy/)
  * [Terms of use](/en/terms-of-use/)
  * [Cookie policy](/en/cookie-policy/)
  * [Press Contact(opens in a new tab)](mailto:press@ethereum.org)

Is this page helpful?

