[ New: Wallet recovery made easy with Ledger Recover, provided by Coincover
Get started ](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-recover)

Our Website now exists in . Do you want to change languages?

Yes, please No, I'm good

You can revert to English at any time by clicking on the language menu on the
top right corner of the page.

[ ![Ledger](https://www.ledger.com/wp-
content/themes/ledger-v2/public/images/ledger-logo-long.svg)
](https://www.ledger.com "Ledger")

  * Products
    * [Ledger Stax](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-stax "Ledger Stax")
    * [Ledger Nano X](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-nano-x "Ledger Nano X")
    * [Ledger Nano S Plus](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-nano-s-plus "Ledger Nano S Plus")
    * [Compare our devices](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/hardware-wallets-comparison "Compare our devices")
    * [Packs](https://shop.ledger.com/#category-bundle "Packs")
    * [Accessories](https://shop.ledger.com/#category-accessories "Accessories")
    * [Collaborations](https://www.ledger.com/collaborations "Collaborations")
    * [See all products](https://shop.ledger.com "See all products")
    * [Download Ledger Live](https://www.ledger.com/ledger-live "Download Ledger Live")
    * [Supported crypto](https://www.ledger.com/supported-crypto-assets "Supported crypto")
  * App and services
    * [Ledger Live](https://www.ledger.com/ledger-live "Ledger Live")
    * [Ledger Recover](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-recover "Ledger Recover")
    * [CL Card](https://www.ledger.com/cl-card "CL Card")
    * [Supported Services](https://www.ledger.com/supported-services "Supported Services")
    * [Crypto Prices](https://www.ledger.com/coin/price "Crypto Prices")
  * Learn
    * [Ledger Academy](https://www.ledger.com/academy "Ledger Academy")
    * [Learn and Earn](https://quest.ledger.com/ "Learn and Earn")
    * [Classroom](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-web-30-everything-you-need-to-know "Classroom")
    * [Blog](/blog "Blog")
    * [What is a crypto wallet](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/2-how-to-own-crypto/what-is-a-crypto-wallet "What is a crypto wallet")
    * [How to Buy](https://www.ledger.com/buy "How to Buy")
    * [How to Swap](https://www.ledger.com/swap "How to Swap")
    * [How to Stake](https://www.ledger.com/staking "How to Stake")
  * For Business
    * [Ledger Enterprise Solutions](https://enterprise.ledger.com?utm_source=mainsite&utm_medium=header "Ledger Enterprise Solutions")
    * [Ledger Partners](/partners "Ledger Partners")
    * [Ledger Co-branded Partnership](https://co-branded.ledger.com/ "Ledger Co-branded Partnership")
  * [For Developers](https://developers.ledger.com/ "For Developers")
  * [Support](https://support.ledger.com/hc "Support")
  * English
    * [العربية](https://www.ledger.com/ar/supported-services)
    * [简体中文](https://www.ledger.com/zh-hans/supported-services)
    * [Français](https://www.ledger.com/fr/supported-services)
    * [Deutsch](https://www.ledger.com/de/supported-services)
    * [Русский](https://www.ledger.com/ru/supported-services)
    * [Español](https://www.ledger.com/es/supported-services)
    * [日本語](https://www.ledger.com/ja/supported-services)
    * [한국어](https://www.ledger.com/ko/supported-services)
    * [Türkçe](https://www.ledger.com/tr/supported-services)
    * [Português](https://www.ledger.com/pt-br/supported-services)

[__](https://shop.ledger.com/cart "Ledger Shop")

__

Ledger, your secure crypto gateway

# Unlock a world of crypto possibilities. All in one app.

[See all services](https://www.ledger.com/supported-services#check-and-
discover "See all services")

![](https://ledger-wp-website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2022/04/Group-12.png)

## Manage and grow your crypto with your Ledger Nano and the Ledger Live app

Secure your crypto with your Ledger Nano. Then use Ledger Live to grow your
portfolio by buying, exchanging and lending crypto – 100% securely. You’ll get
access to all our smart services – DeFi apps, NFTs and more – in one powerful
app.

Buy —

![Buy](https://ledger-wp-website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2021/07/BuyGif.gif)

Exchange —

![Exchange](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2021/07/SwapGif02.gif)

Lend —

![Lend](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2021/07/LendingGif.gif)

Apps —

![Apps](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2021/07/PlatformGif.gif)

## Explore a world of possibilities  
with our crypto catalogue

I live in  afghanistan aland islands albania algeria andorra angola anguilla
antarctica antigua and barbuda argentina armenia aruba australia austria
azerbaijan bahamas bahrain bangladesh barbados belgium belize benin bermuda
bhutan bolivia bonaire saint eustatius and saba bosnia and herzegovina
botswana bouvet island brazil british indian ocean territory british virgin
islands brunei darussalam bulgaria burkina faso burundi cambodia cameroon
canada canary islands cape verde cayman islands central african republic chad
chile china christmas island cocos islands colombia comoros congo (democratic
republic of the) congo (republic of the) cook islands costa rica croatia cuba
curacao cyprus czech republic denmark djibouti dominica dominican republic
east timor ecuador el salvador equatorial guinea eritrea estonia ethiopia
falkland islands faroe islands fiji finland france french guiana french
polynesia gabon gambia georgia germany ghana gibraltar greece greenland
grenada guadeloupe guatemala guernsey guinea guinea-bissau guyana haiti heard
island and mcdonald islands honduras hong kong hungary iceland india indonesia
ireland isle of man israel italy ivory coast jamaica japan jersey jordan
kazakhstan kenya kiribati kosovo kuwait kyrgyzstan laos latvia lebanon lesotho
liberia libya liechtenstein lithuania luxembourg macao macedonia madagascar
malawi malaysia maldives mali malta marshall islands martinique mauritania
mauritius mayotte mexico micronesia moldova monaco mongolia montenegro
montserrat morocco mozambique myanmar namibia nauru nepal netherlands new
caledonia new zealand nicaragua niger nigeria niue norfolk island north korea
norway oman pakistan palau palestinian territory panama papua new guinea
paraguay peru philippines pitcairn poland portugal qatar reunion romania
russia rwanda saint barthelemy saint helena saint kitts and nevis saint lucia
saint martin saint pierre and miquelon saint vincent and the grenadines samoa
san marino sao tome and principe saudi arabia senegal serbia seychelles sierra
leone singapore sint maarten slovakia slovenia solomon islands somalia south
africa south georgia and the south sandwich islands south korea south sudan
spain sri lanka sudan suriname svalbard and jan mayen swaziland sweden
switzerland syria taiwan tajikistan tanzania thailand togo tokelau tonga
trinidad and tobago tunisia turkey turkmenistan turks and caicos islands
tuvalu uganda ukraine united arab emirates united kingdom united states minor
outlying islands uruguay uzbekistan vanuatu vatican (holy see) venezuela
vietnam wallis and futuna western sahara yemen zambia zimbabwe alabama alaska
arizona arkansas california colorado connecticut delaware florida georgia
hawaii idaho illinois indiana iowa kansas kentucky louisiana maine maryland
massachusetts michigan minnesota mississippi missouri montana nebraska nevada
new hampshire new jersey new mexico new york north carolina north dakota ohio
oklahoma oregon pennsylvania rhode island south carolina south dakota
tennessee texas utah vermont virginia washington west virginia wisconsin
wyoming american samoa district of columbia guam northern mariana islands
puerto rico u.s. virgin islands

Choose a country... ****

and I want to  Borrow crypto Buy crypto Grow crypto Lend crypto Manage crypto
Manage NFTs Pay with crypto Pay your crypto tax Sell crypto Stake crypto Swap
crypto Trade crypto

Select a service... ****

. Securely.

22 results

Order by:  Name ascending Name descending

Sort results... ****

### [1inch Swap crypto at competitive rates via a DeFi / DEX aggregator.  
DeFiExchange ](https://www.ledger.com/swap-1inch "1inch")### [BTC Direct Buy
BTC, ETH, USDC and USDT easily.  
Buy ](https://www.ledger.com/buy "BTC Direct")

### Banxa

Buy BTC, ETH, DOT and more coins using various payment options.

  

Buy

### [Bitrefill Convert your crypto into vouchers, gift cards and mobile
refills from stores and websites across 1650+ businesses.  
Pay ](https://go.ledger.com/ledger/Bitrefill "Bitrefill")### [CL Card Pay with
crypto in your day-to-day life across 90 million merchants and get rewarded.
The CL Card powered by Ledger is provided by Baanx  
Pay ](https://www.ledger.com/cl-card "CL Card")### [Changelly Exchange a wide
range of crypto directly with Changelly, by using fixed or floating rates.  
Exchange ](https://www.ledger.com/swap-changelly "Changelly")### [Coinify Buy
crypto securely with Coinify, using payment card or bank transfer.  
Buy ](https://www.ledger.com/buy-coinify "Coinify")### [Coinify Sell your
Bitcoins securely and easily with Coinify.  
Sell ](https://www.ledger.com/sell-bitcoin "Coinify")

  
__

### Want to see your service in this catalog?

Put your product in front of millions of Ledger users. Visit our developer
portal [to learn more](https://developers.ledger.com/).

__ 123 __

![](https://www.ledger.com/wp-content/themes/ledger-v2/public/images/no-
result.svg)

No results (yet)

We’re adding new services and providers all the time. Check back soon!

[Discover how to integrate your own service](https://developers.ledger.com/)

![Why Ledger?](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2022/04/Group-15-1.png)

## Why Ledger?

__Stay in control

Combine your Ledger wallets with the Ledger Live app for maximum security and
control over your crypto. Hardware wallets keep your coins offline and
protected.

__Everything in one place

Once you’ve secured your crypto with a Ledger hardware wallet, you can manage
it with Ledger Live. Buy, exchange and grow your assets – all in one app.

__Industry-leading security

Ledger Live’s backed up by the most trusted hardware wallet available. Our
wallets are independently certified and designed to resist sophisticated cyber
attacks.

![Download Ledger Live](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2021/07/Asset-4-3.png)

## Download Ledger Live

Buy, exchange and grow over 5,500 coins and tokens, including Bitcoin,
Ethereum, XRP and more. Straight from your phone or computer.



[Download Ledger Live](https://www.ledger.com/ledger-live)

![Find your perfect Ledger wallet](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2021/07/Group-4.png)

## Find your perfect Ledger wallet

Hardware wallets are the best way to own and secure crypto. They’re the only
crypto wallet that securely stores your crypto offline – safe from hackers.



[Get your wallet](https://shop.ledger.com/)

### Stay in touch

Announcements can be found in our blog. Press contact:  
[media@ledger.com](mailto:media@ledger.com)

  * [__](https://www.reddit.com/r/ledgerwallet/ "Ledger Reddit")
  * [__](https://www.facebook.com/Ledger/ "Ledger Facebook")
  * [__](https://www.instagram.com/ledger/ "Ledger Instagram")
  * [__](https://twitter.com/Ledger "Ledger Twitter")
  * [__](https://www.youtube.com/Ledger "Ledger Youtube")
  * [__](https://www.linkedin.com/company/ledgerhq "Ledger Linkedin company")
  * [__](https://www.tiktok.com/@ledger "Ledger Tiktok")
  * [__](https://discord.com/invite/ledger "Ledger Discord")

### Subscribe to our  
newsletter

New coins supported, blog updates and exclusive offers directly in your inbox

  

Enter your email

Register to newsletter

Your email address will only be used to send you our newsletter, as well as
updates and offers. You can unsubscribe at any time using the link included in
the newsletter.

[Learn more about how we manage your data and your
rights.](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/privacy-notice#ledger-newsletter)

[![](https://www.ledger.com/wp-content/themes/ledger-v2/public/images/ledger-
logo-long.svg)](https://www.ledger.com "Ledger")

  * English
    * [العربية](https://www.ledger.com/ar/supported-services)
    * [简体中文](https://www.ledger.com/zh-hans/supported-services)
    * [Français](https://www.ledger.com/fr/supported-services)
    * [Deutsch](https://www.ledger.com/de/supported-services)
    * [Русский](https://www.ledger.com/ru/supported-services)
    * [Español](https://www.ledger.com/es/supported-services)
    * [日本語](https://www.ledger.com/ja/supported-services)
    * [한국어](https://www.ledger.com/ko/supported-services)
    * [Türkçe](https://www.ledger.com/tr/supported-services)
    * [Português](https://www.ledger.com/pt-br/supported-services)

Copyright © Ledger SAS. All rights reserved. Ledger, Ledger Stax, Ledger Nano
S, Ledger Vault, Bolos are trademarks owned by Ledger SAS.  
  
1 rue du Mail, 75002 Paris, France  
  
Payment methods  
![](/wp-content/uploads/2021/11/logo-paypal-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-crypto-s.png?v=6)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-bitpay-s.png?v=6)  
![](/wp-content/uploads/2021/11/layer1.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-visa-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-maestro-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-mastercard-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-cb-s.png?v=2)

  * Products
    * [Ledger Stax](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-stax)
    * [Ledger Nano X](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-nano-x)
    * [Ledger Nano S Plus](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-nano-s-plus)
    * [Compare our devices](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/hardware-wallets-comparison)
    * [Bundles](https://shop.ledger.com/#category-bundle)
    * [Accessories](https://shop.ledger.com/#category-accessories)
    * [All products](https://shop.ledger.com)
    * [Downloads](https://www.ledger.com/ledger-live)

  * Crypto Assets
    * [Bitcoin wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/bitcoin)
    * [Ethereum wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/ethereum)
    * [Cardano wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/cardano)
    * [XRP wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/ripple)
    * [Monero wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/monero)
    * [USDT wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/tether)
    * [See all assets](https://www.ledger.com/supported-crypto-assets)

  * Crypto Services
    * [Crypto Prices](https://www.ledger.com/coin/price)
    * [Buy crypto](https://www.ledger.com/buy)
    * [Staking crypto](https://www.ledger.com/staking)
    * [Swap crypto](https://www.ledger.com/swap)

  * For Business
    * [Ledger Enterprise Solutions](https://enterprise.ledger.com/)

  * For Startups
    * [Funding from Ledger Cathay Capital](https://www.ledger.com/cathay-ledger-fund)

  * For Developers
    * [The Developer Portal](https://developers.ledger.com/)

  * Get started
    * [Start using your Ledger device](https://www.ledger.com/start)
    * [Compatible wallets and services](https://www.ledger.com/ledger-wallets-and-services)
    * [How to buy Bitcoin](https://www.ledger.com/buy-bitcoin)
    * [Guide before buying bitcoin](https://www.ledger.com/buy-bitcoin/how)
    * [Bitcoin Hardware Wallet](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/bitcoin-hardware-wallet)

  * See also
    * [Support](https://support.ledger.com/hc)
    * [Bounty program](https://donjon.ledger.com/bounty/)
    * [Resellers](/reseller)
    * [Ledger Press Kit](https://www.ledger.com/press)
    * [Affiliates](https://www.ledgerwallet.com/affiliates/)
    * [Status](https://status.ledger.com/)
    * [Partners](/partners)

  * Careers
    * [Join us](https://www.ledger.com/career)
    * [All jobs](https://www.ledger.com/jobs)

  * About
    * [Our vision](https://www.ledger.com/blog/we-are-ledger-a-brand-vision)
    * [Ledger Academy](https://www.ledger.com/academy)
    * [The company](/the-company)
    * [The people](/the-people-behind-ledger)
    * [Diversity](https://www.ledger.com/diversity)
    * [Blog](/blog)

  * Legal
    * [Legal Center](https://www.ledger.com/legal-center)
    * [Sales Terms and Conditions](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/terms-and-conditions)
    * [Privacy Policy](https://www.ledger.com/privacy-policy)
    * [Disclaimers](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/disclaimers)

![](https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=237213137153741&ev=PageView&noscript=1)

![](https://t.co/1/i/adsct?bci=4&eci=3&event=%7B%7D&event_id=17b2da2a-e4fc-46f2-8f78-b7d90c8371fb&integration=gtm&p_id=Twitter&p_user_id=0&pl_id=b2d4d290-cdb7-4161-b52e-98ec5da19990&tw_document_href=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Fsupported-
services&tw_iframe_status=0&txn_id=nzkax&type=javascript&version=2.3.30)![](https://analytics.twitter.com/1/i/adsct?bci=4&eci=3&event=%7B%7D&event_id=17b2da2a-e4fc-46f2-8f78-b7d90c8371fb&integration=gtm&p_id=Twitter&p_user_id=0&pl_id=b2d4d290-cdb7-4161-b52e-98ec5da19990&tw_document_href=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Fsupported-
services&tw_iframe_status=0&txn_id=nzkax&type=javascript&version=2.3.30)

By clicking “Accept All Cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your
device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our
marketing efforts.

Cookies Settings Accept All Cookies

![Company Logo](https://cdn.cookielaw.org/logos/df21fb3f-71b8-491b-89ee-
eb777bcaf866/637ca236-af9d-4a40-815f-1b6a15af499d/ea9d9f41-35f0-4c24-9a83-1ef746863067/White_64.png)

## Privacy Preference Center

  * ### Your Privacy

  * ### Strictly Necessary Cookies

  * ### Performance Cookies

  * ### Functional Cookies

  * ### Targeting Cookies

  * ### Social Media Cookies

#### Your Privacy

When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your
browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you,
your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as
you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but
it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your
right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on
the different category headings to find out more and change our default
settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience
of the site and the services we are able to offer.  
[More information](https://cookiepedia.co.uk/giving-consent-to-cookies)

#### Strictly Necessary Cookies

Always Active

These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched
off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by
you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy
preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block
or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then
work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.

View Vendor Details‎

#### Performance Cookies

Performance Cookies

These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure
and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are
the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All
information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If
you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our
site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.

View Vendor Details‎

#### Functional Cookies

Functional Cookies

These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and
personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose
services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then
some or all of these services may not function properly.

View Vendor Details‎

#### Targeting Cookies

Targeting Cookies

These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They
may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show
you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal
information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet
device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted
advertising.

View Vendor Details‎

#### Social Media Cookies

Social Media Cookies

These cookies are set by a range of social media services that we have added
to the site to enable you to share our content with your friends and networks.
They are capable of tracking your browser across other sites and building up a
profile of your interests. This may impact the content and messages you see on
other websites you visit. If you do not allow these cookies you may not be
able to use or see these sharing tools.

View Vendor Details‎

Back Button

### Vendors List

Filter Button

Consent Leg.Interest

checkbox label label

checkbox label label

checkbox label label

Clear

checkbox label label

Apply Cancel

Confirm My Choices

Allow All

[![Powered by
Onetrust](https://cdn.cookielaw.org/logos/static/powered_by_logo.svg)](https://www.onetrust.com/products/cookie-
consent/)

![](https://bat.bing.com/action/0?ti=134633242&tm=gtm002&Ver=2&mid=8e78d058-1ee4-4cf3-82e9-0bcfd0247f6e&sid=8336d2e01cfe11ef8af3dd62b9302806&vid=8336ea701cfe11ef8a1d49ea5feb37a4&vids=1&msclkid=N&pi=918639831&lg=en-
US&sw=800&sh=600&sc=24&tl=Supported%20Services%20%7C%20Ledger&p=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Fsupported-
services&r=&lt=2828&evt=pageLoad&sv=1&rn=790162)

![dot image
pixel](https://sp.analytics.yahoo.com/sp.pl?a=10000&d=Tue%2C%2028%20May%202024%2014%3A28%3A12%20GMT&n=0&b=Supported%20Services%20%7C%20Ledger&.yp=10159916&f=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Fsupported-
services&enc=UTF-8&yv=1.15.1&tagmgr=gtm)

