Skip to main content

[](/en/)

  * Learn
  * Use
  * Build
  * Participate
  * Research

Search```K`

Languages EN

Change page

[Overview](/en/developers/docs/)

Foundational topics

[Intro to Ethereum](/en/developers/docs/intro-to-ethereum/)

[Intro to Ether](/en/developers/docs/intro-to-ether/)

[Intro to dapps](/en/developers/docs/dapps/)

[Web2 vs Web3](/en/developers/docs/web2-vs-web3/)

[Accounts](/en/developers/docs/accounts/)

[Transactions](/en/developers/docs/transactions/)

[Blocks](/en/developers/docs/blocks/)

[Ethereum virtual machine (EVM)](/en/developers/docs/evm/)

[Opcodes](/en/developers/docs/evm/opcodes/)

[Gas](/en/developers/docs/gas/)

[Nodes and clients](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/)

[Run a node](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/run-a-node/)

[Client diversity](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/client-diversity/)

[Nodes as a service](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/nodes-as-a-
service/)

[Node architecture](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/node-architecture/)

[Light clients](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/light-clients/)

[Archive nodes](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/archive-nodes/)

[Bootnodes](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/bootnodes/)

[Networks](/en/developers/docs/networks/)

[Consensus mechanisms](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/)

[Proof-of-work](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pow/)

[Mining](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pow/mining/)

[Mining algorithms](/en/developers/docs/consensus-
mechanisms/pow/mining/mining-algorithms/)

[Dagger-Hashimoto](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pow/mining/mining-
algorithms/dagger-hashimoto/)

[Ethash](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pow/mining/mining-
algorithms/ethash/)

[Proof-of-stake](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/)

[Gasper](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/gasper/)

[Weak subjectivity](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/weak-
subjectivity/)

[Attestations](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/attestations/)

[PoS rewards and penalties](/en/developers/docs/consensus-
mechanisms/pos/rewards-and-penalties/)

[PoS attack and defense](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/attack-
and-defense/)

[Keys](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/keys/)

[Proof-of-stake versus proof-of-work](/en/developers/docs/consensus-
mechanisms/pos/pos-vs-pow/)

[Block proposal](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/block-proposal/)

[Proof-of-stake FAQs](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/faqs/)

[Proof-of-authority](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/poa/)

Ethereum stack

[Intro to the stack](/en/developers/docs/ethereum-stack/)

[Smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/)

[Smart contract languages](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/languages/)

[Smart contract anatomy](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/anatomy/)

[Smart contracts libraries](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/libraries/)

[Testing smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/testing/)

[Compiling smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/compiling/)

[Deploying smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/deploying/)

[Verifying smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/verifying/)

[Upgrading smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/upgrading/)

[Smart contract security](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/security/)

[Smart contract formal verification](/en/developers/docs/smart-
contracts/formal-verification/)

[Composability](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/composability/)

[Development networks](/en/developers/docs/development-networks/)

[Development frameworks](/en/developers/docs/frameworks/)

Ethereum client APIs

[JavaScript APIs](/en/developers/docs/apis/javascript/)

[Backend APIs](/en/developers/docs/apis/backend/)

[JSON-RPC](/en/developers/docs/apis/json-rpc/)

[Data and analytics](/en/developers/docs/data-and-analytics/)

[Block explorers](/en/developers/docs/data-and-analytics/block-explorers/)

[Storage](/en/developers/docs/storage/)

[Integrated Development Environments (IDEs)](/en/developers/docs/ides/)

[Programming languages](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/)

[Dart](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/dart/)

[Delphi](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/delphi/)

[.NET](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/dot-net/)

[Golang](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/golang/)

[Java](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/java/)

[JavaScript](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/javascript/)

[Python](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/python/)

[Ruby](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/ruby/)

[Rust](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/rust/)

Advanced

[Bridges](/en/developers/docs/bridges/)

[Standards](/en/developers/docs/standards/)

[Token standards](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/)

[ERC-20: Fungible Tokens](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/erc-20/)

[ERC-721: NFTs](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/erc-721/)

[ERC-777](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/erc-777/)

[ERC-1155](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/erc-1155/)

[ERC-4626](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/erc-4626/)

[Maximal extractable value (MEV)](/en/developers/docs/mev/)

[Oracles](/en/developers/docs/oracles/)

[Scaling](/en/developers/docs/scaling/)

[Optimistic rollups](/en/developers/docs/scaling/optimistic-rollups/)

[Zero-knowledge rollups](/en/developers/docs/scaling/zk-rollups/)

[State channels](/en/developers/docs/scaling/state-channels/)

[Sidechains](/en/developers/docs/scaling/sidechains/)

[Plasma](/en/developers/docs/scaling/plasma/)

[Validium](/en/developers/docs/scaling/validium/)

[Data availability](/en/developers/docs/data-availability/)

[Networking layer](/en/developers/docs/networking-layer/)

[Network addresses](/en/developers/docs/networking-layer/network-addresses/)

[Portal Network](/en/developers/docs/networking-layer/portal-network/)

[Data structures and encoding](/en/developers/docs/data-structures-and-
encoding/)

[Patricia Merkle Trie](/en/developers/docs/data-structures-and-
encoding/patricia-merkle-trie/)

[Recursive-length prefix (RLP)](/en/developers/docs/data-structures-and-
encoding/rlp/)

[Simple serialize (SSZ)](/en/developers/docs/data-structures-and-
encoding/ssz/)

[Web3 secret storage definition](/en/developers/docs/data-structures-and-
encoding/web3-secret-storage/)

Design fundamentals

[Intro to design and UX](/en/developers/docs/design-and-ux/)

# Oracles

c

Last edit: [@corwintines(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/corwintines),
May 7, 2024

See contributors

On this page

  * Prerequisites
  * What is a blockchain oracle?
  * Why do smart contracts need oracles?
  * What is the oracle problem?
  * How does a blockchain oracle service work?
    * Users
    * Oracle contract
    * Oracle nodes
  * Oracle design patterns
    * Publish-subscribe oracles
    * Request-response oracles
  * Centralized vs. decentralized oracles
    * Centralized oracles
    * Decentralized oracles
    * High correctness guarantees
    * Availability
    * Good incentive compatibility
  * Applications of oracles in smart contracts
    * Retrieving financial data
    * Generating verifiable randomness
    * Getting outcomes for events
    * Automating smart contracts
  * How to use blockchain oracles
  * Further reading

Oracles are applications that produce data feeds that make off-chain data
sources available to the blockchain for smart contracts. This is necessary
because Ethereum-based smart contracts cannot, by default, access information
stored outside the blockchain network.

Giving smart contracts the ability to execute using off-chain data extends the
utility and value of decentralized applications. For instance, on-chain
prediction markets rely on oracles to provide information about outcomes that
they use to validate user predictions. Suppose Alice bets 20 ETH on who will
become the next U.S. President. In that case, the prediction-market dapp needs
an oracle to confirm election results and determine if Alice is eligible for a
payout.

## Prerequisites

This page assumes the reader is familiar with Ethereum fundamentals, including
[nodes](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/), [consensus
mechanisms](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/), and the
[EVM](/en/developers/docs/evm/). You should also have a good grasp of [smart
contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/) and [smart contract
anatomy](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/anatomy/), especially _events_.

## What is a blockchain oracle?

Oracles are applications that source, verify, and transmit external
information (i.e. information stored off-chain) to smart contracts running on
the blockchain. Besides “pulling” off-chain data and broadcasting it on
Ethereum, oracles can also “push” information from the blockchain to external
systems, e.g., unlocking a smart lock once the user sends a fee via an
Ethereum transaction.

Without an oracle, a smart contract would be limited entirely to on-chain
data.

Oracles differ based on the source of data (one or multiple sources), trust
models (centralized or decentralized), and system architecture (immediate-
read, publish-subscribe, and request-response). We can also distinguish
between oracles based on whether they retrieve external data for use by on-
chain contracts (input oracles), send information from the blockchain to the
off-chain applications (output oracles), or perform computational tasks off-
chain (computational oracles).

## Why do smart contracts need oracles?

Many developers see smart contracts as code running at specific addresses on
the blockchain. However, a more [general view of smart contracts](/en/smart-
contracts/) is that they are self-executing software programs capable of
enforcing agreements between parties once specific conditions are met - hence
the term “smart contracts.”

But using smart contracts to enforce agreements between people isn't
straightforward, given that Ethereum is deterministic. A [deterministic
system(opens in a new
tab)](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Deterministic_algorithm) is one that
always produces the same results given an initial state and a particular
input, meaning there is no randomness or variation in the process of computing
outputs from inputs.

To achieve deterministic execution, blockchains limit nodes to reaching
consensus on simple binary (true/false) questions using _only_ data stored on
the blockchain itself. Examples of such questions include:

  * “Did the account owner (identified by a public key) sign this transaction with the paired private key?”
  * “Does this account have enough funds to cover the transaction?”
  * “Is this transaction valid in the context of this smart contract?”, etc.

If blockchains received information from external sources (i.e. from the real
world), determinism would be impossible to achieve, preventing nodes from
agreeing on the validity of changes to the blockchain’s state. Take for
example a smart contract that executes a transaction based on the current ETH-
USD exchange rate obtained from a traditional price API. This figure is likely
to change frequently (not to mention that the API could get deprecated or
hacked), meaning nodes executing the same contract code would arrive at
different results.

For a public blockchain like Ethereum, with thousands of nodes around the
world processing transactions, determinism is critical. With no central
authority serving as a source of truth, nodes need mechanisms for arriving at
the same state after applying the same transactions. A case whereby node A
executes a smart contract’s code and gets "3" as a result, while node B gets
"7" after running the same transaction would cause consensus to break down and
eliminate Ethereum’s value as a decentralized computing platform.

This scenario also highlights the problem with designing blockchains to pull
information from external sources. Oracles, however, solve this problem by
taking information from off-chain sources and storing it on the blockchain for
smart contracts to consume. Since information stored on-chain is unalterable
and publicly available, Ethereum nodes can safely use the oracle imported off-
chain data to compute state changes without breaking consensus.

To do this, an oracle is typically made up of a smart contract running on-
chain and some off-chain components. The on-chain contract receives requests
for data from other smart contracts, which it passes to the off-chain
component (called an oracle node). This oracle node can query data
sources—using application programming interfaces (APIs), for example—and send
transactions to store the requested data in the smart contract's storage.

Essentially, a blockchain oracle bridges the information gap between the
blockchain and the external environment, creating “hybrid smart contracts”. A
hybrid smart contract is one that functions based on a combination of on-chain
contract code and off-chain infrastructure. Decentralized prediction markets
are an excellent example of hybrid smart contracts. Other examples might
include crop insurance smart contracts that pay out when a set of oracles
determine that certain weather phenomena have taken place.

## What is the oracle problem?

Oracles solve an important problem, but also introduce some complications,
e.g.:

  * How do we verify that the injected information was extracted from the correct source or hasn’t been tampered with?

  * How do we ensure that this data is always available and updated regularly?

The so-called “oracle problem” demonstrates the issues that come with using
blockchain oracles to send inputs to smart contracts. Data from an oracle must
be correct for a smart contract to execute correctly. Further, having to
‘trust’ oracle operators to provide accurate information undermines the
'trustless' aspect of smart contracts.

Different oracles offer different solutions to the oracle problem, which we
explore later. Oracles are typically evaluated on how well they can handle the
following challenges:

  1. **Correctness** : An oracle should not cause smart contracts to trigger state changes based on invalid off-chain data. An oracle must guarantee _authenticity_ and _integrity_ of data. Authenticity means the data was gotten from the correct source, while integrity means the data remained intact (i.e. wasn’t altered) before being sent on-chain.

  2. **Availability** : An oracle should not delay or prevent smart contracts from executing actions and triggering state changes. This means that data from an oracle must be _available on request_ without interruption.

  3. **Incentive compatibility** : An oracle should incentivize off-chain data providers to submit correct information to smart contracts. Incentive compatibility involves _attributability_ and _accountability_. Attributability allows for linking a piece of external information to its provider, while accountability bonds data providers to the information they give, so they can be rewarded or penalized based on the quality of information provided.

## How does a blockchain oracle service work?

### Users

Users are entities (i.e., smart contracts) that need information external to
the blockchain to complete specific actions. The basic workflow of an oracle
service starts with the user sending a data request to the oracle contract.
Data requests will usually answer some or all of the following questions:

  1. What sources can off-chain nodes consult for the requested information?

  2. How do reporters process information from data sources and extract useful data points?

  3. How many oracle nodes can participate in retrieving the data?

  4. How should discrepancies in oracle reports be managed?

  5. What method should be implemented in filtering submissions and aggregating reports into a single value?

### Oracle contract

The oracle contract is the on-chain component for the oracle service. It
listens for data requests from other contracts, relays data queries to oracle
nodes, and broadcasts returned data to client contracts. This contract may
also perform some computation on the returned data points to produce an
aggregate value to send to the requesting contract.

The oracle contract exposes some functions which client contracts call when
making a data request. Upon receiving a new query, the smart contract will
emit a [log event](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/anatomy/#events-and-
logs) with details of the data request. This notifies off-chain nodes
subscribed to the log (usually using something like the JSON-RPC
`eth_subscribe` command), who proceed to retrieve data defined in the log
event.

Below is an [example oracle contract(opens in a new
tab)](https://medium.com/@pedrodc/implementing-a-blockchain-oracle-on-
ethereum-cedc7e26b49e) by Pedro Costa. This is a simple oracle service that
can query off-chain APIs upon request by other smart contracts and store the
requested information on the blockchain:

    
    
    1pragma solidity >=0.4.21 <0.6.0;
    
    2
    
    3contract Oracle {
    
    4  Request[] requests; //list of requests made to the contract
    
    5  uint currentId = 0; //increasing request id
    
    6  uint minQuorum = 2; //minimum number of responses to receive before declaring final result
    
    7  uint totalOracleCount = 3; // Hardcoded oracle count
    
    8
    
    9  // defines a general api request
    
    10  struct Request {
    
    11    uint id;                            //request id
    
    12    string urlToQuery;                  //API url
    
    13    string attributeToFetch;            //json attribute (key) to retrieve in the response
    
    14    string agreedValue;                 //value from key
    
    15    mapping(uint => string) answers;     //answers provided by the oracles
    
    16    mapping(address => uint) quorum;    //oracles which will query the answer (1=oracle hasn't voted, 2=oracle has voted)
    
    17  }
    
    18
    
    19  //event that triggers oracle outside of the blockchain
    
    20  event NewRequest (
    
    21    uint id,
    
    22    string urlToQuery,
    
    23    string attributeToFetch
    
    24  );
    
    25
    
    26  //triggered when there's a consensus on the final result
    
    27  event UpdatedRequest (
    
    28    uint id,
    
    29    string urlToQuery,
    
    30    string attributeToFetch,
    
    31    string agreedValue
    
    32  );
    
    33
    
    34  function createRequest (
    
    35    string memory _urlToQuery,
    
    36    string memory _attributeToFetch
    
    37  )
    
    38  public
    
    39  {
    
    40    uint length = requests.push(Request(currentId, _urlToQuery, _attributeToFetch, ""));
    
    41    Request storage r = requests[length-1];
    
    42
    
    43    // Hardcoded oracles address
    
    44    r.quorum[address(0x6c2339b46F41a06f09CA0051ddAD54D1e582bA77)] = 1;
    
    45    r.quorum[address(0xb5346CF224c02186606e5f89EACC21eC25398077)] = 1;
    
    46    r.quorum[address(0xa2997F1CA363D11a0a35bB1Ac0Ff7849bc13e914)] = 1;
    
    47
    
    48    // launch an event to be detected by oracle outside of blockchain
    
    49    emit NewRequest (
    
    50      currentId,
    
    51      _urlToQuery,
    
    52      _attributeToFetch
    
    53    );
    
    54
    
    55    // increase request id
    
    56    currentId++;
    
    57  }
    
    58
    
    59  //called by the oracle to record its answer
    
    60  function updateRequest (
    
    61    uint _id,
    
    62    string memory _valueRetrieved
    
    63  ) public {
    
    64
    
    65    Request storage currRequest = requests[_id];
    
    66
    
    67    //check if oracle is in the list of trusted oracles
    
    68    //and if the oracle hasn't voted yet
    
    69    if(currRequest.quorum[address(msg.sender)] == 1){
    
    70
    
    71      //marking that this address has voted
    
    72      currRequest.quorum[msg.sender] = 2;
    
    73
    
    74      //iterate through "array" of answers until a position if free and save the retrieved value
    
    75      uint tmpI = 0;
    
    76      bool found = false;
    
    77      while(!found) {
    
    78        //find first empty slot
    
    79        if(bytes(currRequest.answers[tmpI]).length == 0){
    
    80          found = true;
    
    81          currRequest.answers[tmpI] = _valueRetrieved;
    
    82        }
    
    83        tmpI++;
    
    84      }
    
    85
    
    86      uint currentQuorum = 0;
    
    87
    
    88      //iterate through oracle list and check if enough oracles(minimum quorum)
    
    89      //have voted the same answer as the current one
    
    90      for(uint i = 0; i < totalOracleCount; i++){
    
    91        bytes memory a = bytes(currRequest.answers[i]);
    
    92        bytes memory b = bytes(_valueRetrieved);
    
    93
    
    94        if(keccak256(a) == keccak256(b)){
    
    95          currentQuorum++;
    
    96          if(currentQuorum >= minQuorum){
    
    97            currRequest.agreedValue = _valueRetrieved;
    
    98            emit UpdatedRequest (
    
    99              currRequest.id,
    
    100              currRequest.urlToQuery,
    
    101              currRequest.attributeToFetch,
    
    102              currRequest.agreedValue
    
    103            );
    
    104          }
    
    105        }
    
    106      }
    
    107    }
    
    108  }
    
    109}
    
    Show all
    
    ![📋](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f4cb.svg) Copy

### Oracle nodes

The oracle node is the off-chain component of the oracle service. It extracts
information from external sources, such as APIs hosted on third-party servers,
and puts it on-chain for consumption by smart contracts. Oracle nodes listen
for events from the on-chain oracle contract and proceed to complete the task
described in the log.

A common task for oracle nodes is sending a [HTTP GET(opens in a new
tab)](https://www.w3schools.com/tags/ref_httpmethods.asp) request to an API
service, parsing the response to extract relevant data, formatting into a
blockchain-readable output, and sending it on-chain by including it in a
transaction to the oracle contract. The oracle node may also be required to
attest to the validity and integrity of submitted information using
“authenticity proofs”, which we explore later.

Computational oracles also rely on off-chain nodes to perform computational
tasks that would be impractical to execute on-chain, given gas costs and block
size limits. For example, the oracle node may be tasked with generating a
verifiably random figure (e.g., for blockchain-based games).

## Oracle design patterns

Oracles come in different types, including _immediate-read_ , _publish-
subscribe_ , and _request-response_ , with the latter two being the most
popular among Ethereum smart contracts. Here we briefly describe the publish-
subscribe and request-response models.

### Publish-subscribe oracles

This type of oracle exposes a “data feed” which other contracts can regularly
read for information. The data in this case is expected to change frequently,
so client contracts must listen for updates to the data in the oracle’s
storage. An example is an oracle that provides the latest ETH-USD price
information to users.

### Request-response oracles

A request-response setup allows the client contract to request arbitrary data
other than that provided by a publish-subscribe oracle. Request-response
oracles are ideal when the dataset is too large to be stored in a smart
contract’s storage, and/or users will only need a small part of the data at
any point in time.

Although more complex than publish-subscribe models, request-response oracles
are basically what we described in the previous section. The oracle will have
an on-chain component that receives a data request and passes it to an off-
chain node for processing.

Users initiating data queries must cover the cost of retrieving information
from the off-chain source. The client contract must also provide funds to
cover gas costs incurred by the oracle contract in returning the response via
the callback function specified in the request.

## Centralized vs. decentralized oracles

### Centralized oracles

A centralized oracle is controlled by a single entity responsible for
aggregating off-chain information and updating the oracle contract's data as
requested. Centralized oracles are efficient since they rely on a single
source of truth. They may function better in cases where proprietary datasets
are published directly by the owner with a widely accepted signature. However,
they bring downsides as well:

#### Low correctness guarantees

With centralized oracles, there's no way to confirm if the information
provided is correct or not. Even "reputable" providers can go rogue or get
hacked. If the oracle becomes corrupt, smart contracts will execute based on
bad data.

#### Poor availability

Centralized oracles aren't guaranteed to always make off-chain data available
to other smart contracts. If the provider decides to turn off the service or a
hacker hijacks the oracle's off-chain component, your smart contract is at
risk of a denial of service (DoS) attack.

#### Poor incentive compatibility

Centralized oracles often have poorly designed or non-existent incentives for
the data provider to send accurate/unaltered information. Paying an oracle for
correctness does not guarantee honesty. This problem gets bigger as the amount
of value controlled by smart contracts increases.

### Decentralized oracles

Decentralized oracles are designed to overcome the limitations of centralized
oracles by eliminating single points of failure. A decentralized oracle
service comprises multiple participants in a peer-to-peer network that form
consensus on off-chain data before sending it to a smart contract.

A decentralized oracle should (ideally) be permissionless, trustless, and free
from administration by a central party; in reality, decentralization among
oracles is on a spectrum. There are semi-decentralized oracle networks where
anyone can participate, but with an “owner” that approves and removes nodes
based on historical performance. Fully decentralized oracle networks also
exist: these usually run as standalone blockchains and have defined consensus
mechanisms for coordinating nodes and punishing misbehavior.

Using decentralized oracles comes with the following benefits:

### High correctness guarantees

Decentralized oracles attempt to achieve correctness of data using different
approaches. This includes using proofs attesting to the authenticity and
integrity of the returned information and requiring multiple entities to
collectively agree on the validity of off-chain data.

#### Authenticity proofs

Authenticity proofs are cryptographic mechanisms that enable independent
verification of information retrieved from external sources. These proofs can
validate the source of the information and detect possible alterations to the
data after retrieval.

Examples of authenticity proofs include:

**Transport Layer Security (TLS) proofs** : Oracle nodes often retrieve data
from external sources using a secure HTTP connection based on the Transport
Layer Security (TLS) protocol. Some decentralized oracles use authenticity
proofs to verify TLS sessions (i.e., confirm the exchange of information
between a node and a specific server) and confirm that the contents of the
session were not altered.

**Trusted Execution Environment (TEE) attestations** : A [trusted execution
environment(opens in a new
tab)](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Trusted_execution_environment) (TEE) is a
sandboxed computational environment that is isolated from the operational
processes of its host system. TEEs ensure that whatever application code or
data stored/used in the computation environment retains integrity,
confidentiality, and immutability. Users can also generate an attestation to
prove an application instance is running within the trusted execution
environment.

Certain classes of decentralized oracles require oracle node operators to
provide TEE attestations. This confirms to a user that the node operator is
running an instance of oracle client in a trusted execution environment. TEEs
prevent external processes from altering or reading an application’s code and
data, hence, those attestations prove that the oracle node has kept the
information intact and confidential.

#### Consensus-based validation of information

Centralized oracles rely on a single source of truth when providing data to
smart contracts, which introduces the possibility of publishing inaccurate
information. Decentralized oracles solve this problem by relying on multiple
oracle nodes to query off-chain information. By comparing data from multiple
sources, decentralized oracles reduce the risk of passing invalid information
to on-chain contracts.

Decentralized oracles, however, must deal with discrepancies in information
retrieved from multiple off-chain sources. To minimize differences in
information and ensure the data passed to the oracle contract reflects the
collective opinion of oracle nodes, decentralized oracles use the following
mechanisms:

##### Voting/staking on accuracy of data

Some decentralized oracle networks require participants to vote or stake on
the accuracy of answers to data queries (e.g., "Who won the 2020 US
election?") using the network’s native token. An aggregation protocol then
aggregates the votes and stakes and takes the answer supported by the majority
as the valid one.

Nodes whose answers deviate from the majority answer are penalized by having
their tokens distributed to others who provide more correct values. Forcing
nodes to provide a bond before providing data incentivizes honest responses
since they are assumed to be rational economic actors intent on maximizing
returns.

Staking/voting also protects decentralized oracles from “Sybil attacks” where
malicious actors create multiple identities to game the consensus system.
However, staking cannot prevent “freeloading” (oracle nodes copying
information from others) and “lazy validation” (oracle nodes following the
majority without verifying the information themselves).

##### Schelling point mechanisms

[Schelling point(opens in a new
tab)](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Focal_point_\(game_theory\)) is a game-
theory concept that assumes multiple entities will always default to a common
solution to a problem in absence of any communication. Schelling-point
mechanisms are often used in decentralized oracle networks to enable nodes
reach consensus on answers to data requests.

An early idea for this was [SchellingCoin(opens in a new
tab)](https://blog.ethereum.org/2014/03/28/schellingcoin-a-minimal-trust-
universal-data-feed/), a proposed data feed where participants submit
responses to "scalar" questions (questions whose answers are described by
magnitude, e.g., "what is the price of ETH?"), along with a deposit. Users who
provide values between the 25th and 75th [percentile(opens in a new
tab)](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Percentile) are rewarded, while those
whose values deviate largely from the median value are penalized.

While SchellingCoin doesn’t exist today, a number of decentralized
oracles—notably [Maker Protocol’s Oracles(opens in a new
tab)](https://docs.makerdao.com/smart-contract-modules/oracle-module)—use the
schelling-point mechanism to improve accuracy of oracle data. Each Maker
Oracle consists of an off-chain P2P network of nodes ("relayers" and "feeds")
who submit market prices for collateral assets and an on-chain “Medianizer”
contract that calculates the median of all provided values. Once the specified
delay period is over, this median value becomes the new reference price for
the associated asset.

Other examples of oracles that use Schelling point mechanisms include
[Chainlink Off-Chain Reporting(opens in a new
tab)](https://docs.chain.link/docs/off-chain-reporting/) and [Witnet(opens in
a new tab)](https://witnet.io/). In both systems, responses from oracle nodes
in the peer-to-peer network are aggregated into a single aggregate value, such
as a mean or median. Nodes are rewarded or punished according to the extent to
which their responses align with or deviate from the aggregate value.

Schelling point mechanisms are attractive because they minimize on-chain
footprint (only one transaction needs to be sent) while guaranteeing
decentralization. The latter is possible because nodes must sign off on the
list of submitted responses before it is fed into the algorithm that produces
the mean/median value.

### Availability

Decentralized oracle services ensure high availability of off-chain data to
smart contracts. This is achieved by decentralizing both the source of off-
chain information and nodes responsible for transferring the information on-
chain.

This ensures fault-tolerance since the oracle contract can rely on multiple
nodes (who also rely on multiple data sources) to execute queries from other
contracts. Decentralization at the source _and_ node-operator level is
crucial—a network of oracle nodes serving information retrieved from the same
source will run into the same problem as a centralized oracle.

It is also possible for stake-based oracles can slash node operators who fail
to respond quickly to data requests. This significantly incentivizes oracle
nodes to invest in fault-tolerant infrastructure and provide data in timely
fashion.

### Good incentive compatibility

Decentralized oracles implement various incentive designs to prevent
[Byzantine(opens in a new tab)](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Byzantine_fault)
behavior among oracle nodes. Specifically, they achieve _attributability_ and
_accountability_ :

  1. Decentralized oracle nodes are often required to sign the data they provide in response to data requests. This information helps with evaluating the historical performance of oracle nodes, such that users can filter out unreliable oracle nodes when making data requests. An example is Witnet’s [Algorithmic Reputation System(opens in a new tab)](https://docs.witnet.io/intro/about/architecture#algorithmic-reputation-system).

  2. Decentralized oracles—as explained earlier—may require nodes to place a stake on their confidence in the truth of data they submit. If the claim checks out, this stake can be returned along with rewards for honest service. But it can also be slashed in case the information is incorrect, which provides some measure of accountability.

## Applications of oracles in smart contracts

The following are common use-cases for oracles in Ethereum:

### Retrieving financial data

[Decentralized finance](/en/defi/) (DeFi) applications allow for peer-to-peer
lending, borrowing, and trading of assets. This often requires getting
different financial information, including exchange rate data (for calculating
the fiat value of cryptocurrencies or comparing token prices) and capital
markets data (for calculating the value of tokenized assets, such as gold or
the US dollar).

A DeFi lending protocol, for example, needs to query current market prices for
assets (e.g., ETH) deposited as collateral. This lets the contract determine
the value of collateral assets and determine how much it can borrow from the
system.

Popular “price oracles” (as they are often called) in DeFi include Chainlink
Price Feeds, Compound Protocol’s [Open Price Feed(opens in a new
tab)](https://compound.finance/docs/prices), Uniswap’s [Time-Weighted Average
Prices (TWAPs)(opens in a new
tab)](https://docs.uniswap.org/contracts/v2/concepts/core-concepts/oracles),
and [Maker Oracles(opens in a new tab)](https://docs.makerdao.com/smart-
contract-modules/oracle-module).

Builders should understand the caveats that come with these price oracles
before integrating them into their project. This [article(opens in a new
tab)](https://blog.openzeppelin.com/secure-smart-contract-guidelines-the-
dangers-of-price-oracles/) provides a detailed analysis of what to consider
when planning to use any of the price oracles mentioned.

Below is an example of how you can retrieve the latest ETH price in your smart
contract using a Chainlink price feed:

    
    
    1pragma solidity ^0.6.7;
    
    2
    
    3import "@chainlink/contracts/src/v0.6/interfaces/AggregatorV3Interface.sol";
    
    4
    
    5contract PriceConsumerV3 {
    
    6
    
    7    AggregatorV3Interface internal priceFeed;
    
    8
    
    9    /**
    
    10     * Network: Kovan
    
    11     * Aggregator: ETH/USD
    
    12     * Address: 0x9326BFA02ADD2366b30bacB125260Af641031331
    
    13     */
    
    14    constructor() public {
    
    15        priceFeed = AggregatorV3Interface(0x9326BFA02ADD2366b30bacB125260Af641031331);
    
    16    }
    
    17
    
    18    /**
    
    19     * Returns the latest price
    
    20     */
    
    21    function getLatestPrice() public view returns (int) {
    
    22        (
    
    23            uint80 roundID,
    
    24            int price,
    
    25            uint startedAt,
    
    26            uint timeStamp,
    
    27            uint80 answeredInRound
    
    28        ) = priceFeed.latestRoundData();
    
    29        return price;
    
    30    }
    
    31}
    
    Show all
    
    ![📋](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f4cb.svg) Copy

### Generating verifiable randomness

Certain blockchain applications, such as blockchain-based games or lottery
schemes, require a high level of unpredictability and randomness to work
effectively. However, the deterministic execution of blockchains eliminates
randomness.

The usual approach is to use pseudorandom cryptographic functions, such as
`blockhash`, but these can be [manipulated by miners(opens in a new
tab)](https://ethereum.stackexchange.com/questions/3140/risk-of-using-
blockhash-other-miners-preventing-
attack#:~:text=So%20while%20the%20miners%20can,to%20one%20of%20the%20players.)
solving the proof-of-work algorithm. Also, Ethereum’s [switch to proof-of-
stake](/en/roadmap/merge/) means developers can no longer rely on `blockhash`
for on-chain randomness (the Beacon Chain’s [RANDAO mechanism(opens in a new
tab)](https://eth2book.info/altair/part2/building_blocks/randomness) provides
an alternative source of randomness, though).

It is possible to generate the random value off-chain and send it on-chain,
but doing so imposes high trust requirements on users. They must believe the
value was truly generated via unpredictable mechanisms and wasn’t altered in
transit.

Oracles designed for off-chain computation solve this problem by securely
generating random outcomes off-chain that they broadcast on-chain along with
cryptographic proofs attesting to the unpredictability of the process. An
example is [Chainlink VRF(opens in a new
tab)](https://docs.chain.link/docs/chainlink-vrf/) (Verifiable Random
Function), which is a provably fair and tamper-proof random number generator
(RNG) useful for building reliable smart contracts for applications that rely
on unpredictable outcomes. Another example is [API3 QRNG(opens in a new
tab)](https://docs.api3.org/explore/qrng/) that serves Quantum random number
generation (QRNG) is a public method of Web3 RNG based on quantum phenomena,
served with the courtesy of the Australian National University (ANU).

### Getting outcomes for events

With oracles, creating smart contracts that respond to real-world events is
easy. Oracle services make this possible by allowing contracts to connect to
external APIs through off-chain components and consume information from those
data sources. For example, the prediction dapp mentioned earlier may request
an oracle to return election results from a trusted off-chain source (e.g.,
the Associated Press).

Using oracles to retrieve data based on real-world outcomes enables other
novel use cases; for example, a decentralized insurance product needs accurate
information about weather, disasters, etc. to work effectively.

### Automating smart contracts

Smart contracts do not run automatically; rather, an externally owned account
(EOA), or another contract account, must trigger the right functions to
execute the contract’s code. In most cases, the bulk of the contract’s
functions are public and can be invoked by EOAs and other contracts.

But there are also _private functions_ within a contract that are inaccessible
to others;, but that are critical to a dapp's overall functionality. Examples
include a `mintERC721Token()` function that periodically mints new NFTs for
users, a function for awarding payouts in a prediction market, or a function
for unlocking staked tokens in a DEX.

Developers will need to trigger such functions at intervals to keep the
application running smoothly. However, this might lead to more hours lost on
mundane tasks for developers, which is why automating execution of smart
contracts is attractive.

Some decentralized oracle networks offer automation services, which allow off-
chain oracle nodes to trigger smart contract functions according to parameters
defined by the user. Typically, this requires “registering” the target
contract with the oracle service, providing funds to pay the oracle operator,
and specifying the conditions or times to trigger the contract.

Chainlink’s [Keeper Network(opens in a new tab)](https://chain.link/keepers)
provides options for smart contracts to outsource regular maintenance tasks in
a trust minimized and decentralized manner. Read the official [Keeper's
documentation(opens in a new tab)](https://docs.chain.link/docs/chainlink-
keepers/introduction/) for information on making your contract Keeper-
compatible and using the Upkeep service.

## How to use blockchain oracles

There are multiple oracle applications you can integrate into your Ethereum
dapp:

**[Chainlink(opens in a new tab)](https://chain.link/)** \- _Chainlink
decentralized oracle networks provide tamper-proof inputs, outputs, and
computations to support advanced smart contracts on any blockchain._

**[Witnet(opens in a new tab)](https://witnet.io/)** \- _Witnet is a
permissionless, decentralized, and censorship-resistant oracle helping smart
contracts to react to real world events with strong crypto-economic
guarantees._

**[UMA Oracle(opens in a new tab)](https://uma.xyz)** \- _UMA's optimistic
oracle allows smart contracts to quickly and receive any kind of data for
different applications, including insurance, financial derivatives, and
prediction markets._

**[Tellor(opens in a new tab)](https://tellor.io/)** \- _Tellor is a
transparent and permissionless oracle protocol for your smart contract to
easily get any data whenever it needs it._

**[Band Protocol(opens in a new tab)](https://bandprotocol.com/)** \- _Band
Protocol is a cross-chain data oracle platform that aggregates and connects
real-world data and APIs to smart contracts._

**[Paralink(opens in a new tab)](https://paralink.network/)** \- _Paralink
provides an open source and decentralized oracle platform for smart contracts
running on Ethereum and other popular blockchains._

**[Pyth Network(opens in a new tab)](https://pyth.network/)** \- _The Pyth
network is a first-party financial oracle network designed to publish
continuous real-world data on-chain in a tamper-resistant, decentralized, and
self-sustainable environment._

**[API3 DAO(opens in a new tab)](https://www.api3.org/)** \- _API3 DAO is
delivering first-party oracle solutions that deliver greater source
transparency, security and scalability in a decentralized solution for smart
contracts_

**[Supra(opens in a new tab)](https://supra.com/)** \- A vertically integrated
toolkit of cross-chain solutions that interlink all blockchains, public (L1s
and L2s) or private (enterprises), providing decentralized oracle price feeds
that can be used for on-chain and off-chain use-cases.

## Further reading

**Articles**

  * [What Is a Blockchain Oracle?(opens in a new tab)](https://chain.link/education/blockchain-oracles) — _Chainlink_
  * [What is a Blockchain Oracle?(opens in a new tab)](https://betterprogramming.pub/what-is-a-blockchain-oracle-f5ccab8dbd72) — _Patrick Collins_
  * [Decentralised Oracles: a comprehensive overview(opens in a new tab)](https://medium.com/fabric-ventures/decentralised-oracles-a-comprehensive-overview-d3168b9a8841) — _Julien Thevenard_
  * [Implementing a Blockchain Oracle on Ethereum(opens in a new tab)](https://medium.com/@pedrodc/implementing-a-blockchain-oracle-on-ethereum-cedc7e26b49e) – _Pedro Costa_
  * [Why can't smart contracts make API calls?(opens in a new tab)](https://ethereum.stackexchange.com/questions/301/why-cant-contracts-make-api-calls) — _StackExchange_
  * [Why we need decentralized oracles(opens in a new tab)](https://newsletter.banklesshq.com/p/why-we-need-decentralized-oracles) — _Bankless_
  * [So you want to use a price oracle(opens in a new tab)](https://samczsun.com/so-you-want-to-use-a-price-oracle/) — _samczsun_

**Videos**

  * [Oracles and the Expansion of Blockchain Utility(opens in a new tab)](https://youtu.be/BVUZpWa8vpw) — _Real Vision Finance_
  * [The differences between first party and third party oracles(opens in a new tab)](https://blockchainoraclesummit.io/first-party-vs-third-party-oracles/) \- _Blockchain Oracle Summit_

**Tutorials**

  * [How to Fetch the Current Price of Ethereum in Solidity(opens in a new tab)](https://blog.chain.link/fetch-current-crypto-price-data-solidity/) — _Chainlink_

**Example projects**

  * [Full Chainlink starter project for Ethereum in Solidity(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/hackbg/chainlink-fullstack) — _HackBG_

back-to-top ↑

### Was this article helpful?

YesNo

![👈](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f448.svg)

Previous

[Maximal extractable value (MEV)](/en/developers/docs/mev/)

![👉](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f449.svg)

Next

[Scaling](/en/developers/docs/scaling/)

  * [Edit page(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/ethereum/ethereum-org-website/tree/dev/public/content/developers/docs/oracles/index.md)
  * On this page

    * Prerequisites
    * What is a blockchain oracle?
    * Why do smart contracts need oracles?
    * What is the oracle problem?
    * How does a blockchain oracle service work?
      * Users
      * Oracle contract
      * Oracle nodes
    * Oracle design patterns
      * Publish-subscribe oracles
      * Request-response oracles
    * Centralized vs. decentralized oracles
      * Centralized oracles
      * Decentralized oracles
      * High correctness guarantees
      * Availability
      * Good incentive compatibility
    * Applications of oracles in smart contracts
      * Retrieving financial data
      * Generating verifiable randomness
      * Getting outcomes for events
      * Automating smart contracts
    * How to use blockchain oracles
    * Further reading

Website last updated: May 22, 2024

[(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/ethereum/ethereum-org-
website)[(opens in a new tab)](https://twitter.com/ethdotorg)[(opens in a new
tab)](https://discord.gg/ethereum-org)

### Learn

  * [Learn Hub](/en/learn/)
  * [What is Ethereum?](/en/what-is-ethereum/)
  * [What is ether (ETH)?](/en/eth/)
  * [Ethereum wallets](/en/wallets/)
  * [What is Web3?](/en/web3/)
  * [Smart contracts](/en/smart-contracts/)
  * [Gas fees](/en/gas/)
  * [Run a node](/en/run-a-node/)
  * [Ethereum security and scam prevention](/en/security/)
  * [Quiz Hub](/en/quizzes/)
  * [Ethereum glossary](/en/glossary/)

### Use

  * [Guides](/en/guides/)
  * [Choose your wallet](/en/wallets/find-wallet/)
  * [Get ETH](/en/get-eth/)
  * [Dapps - Decentralized applications](/en/dapps/)
  * [Stablecoins](/en/stablecoins/)
  * [NFTs - Non-fungible tokens](/en/nft/)
  * [DeFi - Decentralized finance](/en/defi/)
  * [DAOs - Decentralized autonomous organizations](/en/dao/)
  * [Decentralized identity](/en/decentralized-identity/)
  * [Stake ETH](/en/staking/)
  * [Layer 2](/en/layer-2/)

### Build

  * [Builder's home](/en/developers/)
  * [Tutorials](/en/developers/tutorials/)
  * [Documentation](/en/developers/docs/)
  * [Learn by coding](/en/developers/learning-tools/)
  * [Set up local environment](/en/developers/local-environment/)
  * [Grants](/en/community/grants/)
  * [Foundational topics](/en/developers/docs/intro-to-ethereum/)
  * [UX/UI design fundamentals](/en/developers/docs/design-and-ux/)
  * [Enterprise - Mainnet Ethereum](/en/enterprise/)
  * [Enterprise - Private Ethereum](/en/enterprise/private-ethereum/)

### Participate

  * [Community hub](/en/community/)
  * [Online communities](/en/community/online/)
  * [Ethereum events](/en/community/events/)
  * [Contributing to ethereum.org](/en/contributing/)
  * [Translation Program](/en/contributing/translation-program/)
  * [Ethereum bug bounty program](/en/bug-bounty/)
  * [Ethereum Foundation](/en/foundation/)
  * [Ethereum Foundation Blog(opens in a new tab)](https://blog.ethereum.org/)
  * [Ecosystem Support Program(opens in a new tab)](https://esp.ethereum.foundation)
  * [Devcon(opens in a new tab)](https://devcon.org/)

### Research

  * [Ethereum Whitepaper](/en/whitepaper/)
  * [Ethereum roadmap](/en/roadmap/)
  * [Improved security](/en/roadmap/security/)
  * [Technical history of Ethereum](/en/history/)
  * [Open research](/en/community/research/)
  * [Ethereum Improvement Proposals](/en/eips/)
  * [Ethereum governance](/en/governance/)

  * [About us](/en/about/)
  * [Ethereum brand assets](/en/assets/)
  * [Code of conduct](/en/community/code-of-conduct/)
  * [Jobs](/en/about/#open-jobs)
  * [Privacy policy](/en/privacy-policy/)
  * [Terms of use](/en/terms-of-use/)
  * [Cookie policy](/en/cookie-policy/)
  * [Press Contact(opens in a new tab)](mailto:press@ethereum.org)

Is this page helpful?

### Events

Allows the use of [EVM](/en/glossary/#evm) logging facilities.
[Dapps](/en/glossary/#dapp) can listen for events and use them to trigger
JavaScript callbacks in the user interface. [More on events and
logs](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/anatomy/#events-and-logs)

