  * **Wallet**[**Mobile App** The world of Web3 in your pocket](/download)[**Browser Extension** An optimized Web3 experience for desktop](/browser-extension)
  * **Features**[**Swaps** Swap securely and seamlessly](/swap)[**Staking** Earn crypto rewards while securing networks](/staking)[**NFTs** Explore the world of NFTs](/nft)[**Security** Learn how we keep your assets & Web3 journey safe](/security)[**Buy Crypto** Buy crypto in under five minutes](/buy-crypto)[**SWIFT: Smart Contract Wallet** Explore Web3 easily with account abstraction features](/swift)
  * **Build**[**Developer Docs** Get guides for building powerful Web3 applications](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/)[**Wallet Core** Open-source, mobile-focused crypto wallet library](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/wallet-core)[**Submit dApp** Get your dApp in front of millions](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-dapps)[**Get assets listed** Elevate your asset’s exposure](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-assets)
  * **Support**[**FAQ** Get answers to your most pressing questions](https://community.trustwallet.com/c/helpcenter/8)[**Community Forum** Connect with our vibrant and diverse community](https://community.trustwallet.com/)[**Contact Us** Reach out for personalized support](https://support.trustwallet.com/en/support/home)
  * **About**[**About Us** Discover who we are and what drives us](/about-us)[**Careers** Join us in shaping the future of Web3](/careers)[**Press Kit** Download our official logo and other media assets](/press)[**Blog** Stay up-to-date on Web3 trends and insights](/blog)[**Terms of Service** What you need to know to use our services](/terms-of-service)[**Privacy Policy** Your privacy matters, learn how we protect it](/privacy-policy)

DarkLightLanguage

[Download Trust Wallet](/download)

[](/)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.4edbb099.svg)[**Mobile App** The world
of Web3 in your pocket](/download)[**Browser Extension** An optimized Web3
experience for desktop](/browser-extension)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.e7c57d68.svg)[**Swaps** Swap securely
and seamlessly](/swap)[**Staking** Earn crypto rewards while securing
networks](/staking)[**NFTs** Explore the world of NFTs](/nft)[**Security**
Learn how we keep your assets & Web3 journey safe](/security)[**Buy Crypto**
Buy crypto in under five minutes](/buy-crypto)[**SWIFT: Smart Contract
Wallet** Explore Web3 easily with account abstraction features](/swift)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.b373ab3f.svg)[**Developer Docs** Get
guides for building powerful Web3
applications](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/)[**Wallet Core**
Open-source, mobile-focused crypto wallet
library](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/wallet-core)[**Submit
dApp** Get your dApp in front of
millions](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-dapps)[**Get
assets listed** Elevate your asset’s
exposure](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-assets)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.1211abf0.svg)[**FAQ** Get answers to
your most pressing
questions](https://community.trustwallet.com/c/helpcenter/8)[**Community
Forum** Connect with our vibrant and diverse
community](https://community.trustwallet.com/)[**Contact Us** Reach out for
personalized support](https://support.trustwallet.com/en/support/home)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.9a6dd06f.svg)[**About Us** Discover who
we are and what drives us](/about-us)[**Careers** Join us in shaping the
future of Web3](/careers)[**Press Kit** Download our official logo and other
media assets](/press)[**Blog** Stay up-to-date on Web3 trends and
insights](/blog)[**Terms of Service** What you need to know to use our
services](/terms-of-service)[**Privacy Policy** Your privacy matters, learn
how we protect it](/privacy-policy)

[](/)

WalletFeaturesBuildSupportAbout

Language

[Download](/download)

[Home](/)  >  [Blog](/blog)  >  [Announcements](/blog?category=Announcements)
>  [Trust Wallet x Symbiosis: $50,000 in SIS & USDC Cross-Chain Swap
Giveaway](/blog/trust-wallet-symbiosis-crosschain-swap-giveaway)

##### Announcements

# Trust Wallet x Symbiosis: $50,000 in SIS & USDC Cross-Chain Swap Giveaway

Published on: Feb 2, 2024Updated on: Feb 29, 2024

##### Share post

[](https://facebook.com/trustwalletapp)[](https://github.com/trustwallet)[](https://instagram.com/trustwallet)[](https://twitter.com/trustwallet)[](https://discord.gg/trustwallet)[](https://reddit.com/r/trustapp)[](https://t.me/trustwallet)

  * **How to Swap using Symbiosis through Trust Wallet**
  * **Execute a qualifying swap using Symbiosis with Trust Wallet for your chance to share a prize pool of $50,000!**
  * **Winner Eligibility (3 parts):**
  * **Selection Criteria and Rules**
  * **Terms & Conditions:**

##### In Brief

Join us in celebrating our collaboration with Symbiosis! We're excited to
launch an exciting giveaway with a $50,000 in $USDC and $SIS prize pool to
reward our users who explore cross-chain swaps using Symbiosis. There’s more
than 850 chances to win and three ways to participate! Read on to find how you
can enter.

![Trust Wallet x Symbiosis: $50,000 in SIS & USDC Cross-Chain Swap
Giveaway](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Ftrust_wallet_symbiosis_33f86c1c5a.png&w=3840&q=75)

→ [**Get started here**](https://app.symbiosis.finance/)

Promotion Period: February 1st (14:00 UTC) to February 14th (14:00 UTC)

### Before you begin:

**First, make sure you complete a few simple steps!** **Step 1:** [Download
Trust Wallet here](https://short.trustwallet.com/Symbiosis) **Step 2:** Watch
this video on how to complete a swap on Symbiosis with Trust Wallet:

[![trust-wallet-symbiosis-4.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Ftrust_wallet_symbiosis_4_9cfdd7745a.png&w=3840&q=75)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YKGCjp9vhZA)

Here’s a written tutorial too:

## How to Swap using Symbiosis through Trust Wallet

**Step 1:** Go to your Trust Wallet and head to the ‘Browser’ section **Step
2:** Type in [app.symbiosis.finance](https://app.symbiosis.finance/) and head
to the Symbiosis page

![trust-wallet-symbiosis-1.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Ftrust_wallet_symbiosis_1_47792d6892.png&w=3840&q=75)

**Step 3:** Click on ‘Go to swap’ and then the wallet connection section
**Step 4:** Choose EVM or Tron connection - depending on what you’d like to
swap from!

![trust-wallet-symbiosis-3.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Ftrust_wallet_symbiosis_3_c15b02bb58.png&w=3840&q=75)

**Step 5:** Select the token you want to swap from and swap to. In this
example, I’m swapping BNB Smart Chain to Symbiosis ($BNB to $SIS)

_**Please note:** if you want to swap to tron (eg; $BNB to $TRX), you’ll have
to add your Tron address in the popup box at the bottom. Simply copy your
Trust Wallet Tron address and paste in!_

**Step 6:** Select the amount you want to swap, and complete the process!
There will be a smart contract call and a token approval along the way, but
will take no longer than 1 minute to complete those steps.

And… you’re done!

![itrust-wallet-symbiosis-2.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fitrust_wallet_symbiosis_2_efbbd06fca.png&w=3840&q=75)

## Execute a qualifying swap using Symbiosis with Trust Wallet for your chance
to share a prize pool of $50,000!

Participate to stand a chance to win from the prize pool by completing cross-
chain swaps from Tron or EVM to selected chains supported by Symbiosis. This
promotion offers various reward levels, presenting numerous opportunities to
win rewards.

**Swaps can be conducted between any of the following networks on Symbiosis:**
**Tron** , **Bitcoin** , Ethereum, Polygon, **zkSync Era** , Base, Mantle,
BNB, Polygon zkEVM, Linea, Arbitrum One, Arbitrum Nova, Avalanche, Scroll,
Optimism, Manta, Metis

## Winner Eligibility (3 parts):

### Swap Entry 1 - $12,500 $USDC Prize Pool:

**Complete ANY cross-chain swap on Symbiosis. Prizes for the top total $
volume swapped!**

Participants with the highest $$$ volume in EVM cross-chain swaps will be
chosen to win the prizes below:

**Selection Criteria and Rules** Winners will be awarded based on the highest
total cross-chain swap $$$ volume in EVM and TRON using Symbiosis with Trust
Wallet during the campaign period. The higher total value of cross-chain swaps
you do, the more chances you have!

  * $2,500 in USDC: 1 winner

  * $1,250 in USDC: 2 winners

  * $625 in USDC: 4 winners

  * $250 in USDC: 10 winners

  * $50 in USDC: 50 winners

### Swap Entry 2 $36,500 $SIS Prize Pool:

**Complete ANY cross-chain swap on Symbiosis. Prizes for the top number of
total swaps completed!**

Winners will be awarded based on the highest total amount of EVM and TRON
swaps using Symbiosis with Trust Wallet during the campaign period. The more
cross-chain swaps, the more chances you have!

  * $2,500 in SIS: 1 winner

  * $1,250 in SIS: 2 winners

  * $500 in SIS: 4 winners

  * $250 in SIS: 10 winners

  * $100 in SIS: 45 winners

  * $30 in SIS: 750 winners

### Social Media Entry - $1,000 $SIS Prize Pool:

  1. Like & reshare this post: [https://x.com/TrustWallet/status/1753065124922032403?s=20](https://x.com/TrustWallet/status/1753065124922032403?s=20)

  2. Follow: [www.x.com/trustwallet](https://www.x.com/trustwallet) & [www.x.com/symbiosis_fi](https://www.x.com/symbiosis_fi)

**Selection Criteria and Rules:** Winners will be selected from the users
complete all the steps outlined above. Winners will be randomly selected using
[https://twitterpicker.com/](https://twitterpicker.com/) \- a 3rd party
Twitter entry random selector for fairness.

$1,000 prize pool: 10 winners will win $100 in $SIS each. We will reach out to
winners via Twitter/X DMs. If any winners do not reply to the DM within 1
week, we will replace those winners with different winners.

## Selection Criteria and Rules

  * Users must be on the most recent version of Trust Wallet

  * Qualifying swaps must be an amount of $10 or greater

  * Swap can consist of ANY swap pairs that begins or ends in the swap pairs listed in the announcement

  * Swap must be completed within the qualifying period

  * Swaps larger than the qualifying amount that result in a refund due to slippage tolerance still count towards the promotion

  * Swap Entry 1 winners will be chosen will be chosen based on the highest $ trading volume

  * Swap Entry 2 winners will be chosen based on the highest total amount of qualifying swaps

## Terms & Conditions:

  * The Promotion will end on February 14th, 2024 (14:00 UTC)

  * You must use Trust Wallet to be eligible for rewards, as wallet addresses will be cross-verified; using a different wallet will lead to disqualification.

  * To qualify for rewards, users must complete all the steps outlined in the announcement.

  * Swap winners are required to visit the claim page to receive their rewards ([https://app.symbiosis.finance/trust-wallet-claim-rewards](https://app.symbiosis.finance/trust-wallet-claim-rewards)). The claim page will be available before February 29th, and participants will have the opportunity to claim their rewards for up to six months after the claim page becomes accessible. Rewards will be distributed on a weekly basis on Thursdays.

  * The prize distribution will be in USDC (Entry 1) or SIS (Entry 2) at their USD market value at the end of the promotional period

  * Each wallet address is eligible for a maximum of one reward only.

  * Illegally bulk registered accounts or sub-accounts are not eligible to participate or receive any rewards.

_*Please note that we have updated our reward distribution mechanism to a
check & claim process for ease of access for all participants._

#### Simple and convenient to use, seamless to explore

[Download Trust Wallet](/download)

##### Stay Connected:

[](https://facebook.com/trustwalletapp)[](https://github.com/trustwallet)[](https://instagram.com/trustwallet)[](https://twitter.com/trustwallet)[](https://discord.gg/trustwallet)[](https://reddit.com/r/trustapp)[](https://t.me/trustwallet)

  * **Wallet**[Mobile App](/download)[Browser Extension](/browser-extension)
  * **Features**[Buy Crypto](/buy-crypto)[Swaps](/swap)[Staking](/staking)[NFTs](/nft)[Security](/security)[SWIFT: Smart Contract Wallet](/swift)
  * **Build**[Developer Docs](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/)[Wallet Core](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/wallet-core)[Submit dApp](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-dapps)[Get assets listed](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-assets)
  * **Support**[FAQ](https://community.trustwallet.com/c/helpcenter/8)[Community Forum](https://community.trustwallet.com/)[Contact Us](https://support.trustwallet.com/en/support/home)
  * **About**[About Us](/about-us)[Careers](/careers)[Press Kit](/press)[Terms of Service](/terms-of-service)[Privacy Policy](/privacy-policy)[Blog](/blog)
  * ![A-LIGN ISO 27701](/_next/static/media/image.8354ab2c.svg)![A-LIGN ISO 27001](/_next/static/media/image.7f0b3bc9.svg)

**Download Trust Wallet**

The most trusted & secure crypto wallet.

[Download for iOS](https://apps.apple.com/app/apple-
store/id1288339409?mt=8)[Download
Extension![Chrome](/_next/static/media/raw.7dd85797.svg)](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/trust-
wallet/egjidjbpglichdcondbcbdnbeeppgdph)[Download APK](/download/apk)[Download
for Android![App
Store](/_next/image?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Fimage.5ee64b2e.png&w=256&q=75)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.wallet.crypto.trustapp)

