[](https://www.binance.com/en)

[Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/crypto/buy)

[Markets](https://www.binance.com/en/markets/overview)

Trade

Basic

  * [SpotBuy and sell on the Spot market with advanced tools](https://www.binance.com/en/trade/BTC_USDT?type=spot)
  * [MarginIncrease your profits with leverage](https://www.binance.com/en/trade?type=cross)
  * [P2PBuy & sell cryptocurrencies using bank transfer and 800+ options](https://p2p.binance.com/en)
  * [Convert & Block TradeThe easiest way to trade at all sizes](https://www.binance.com/en/convert)

Advanced

  * [Trading BotsTrade smarter with our various automated strategies - easy, fast and reliable](https://www.binance.com/en/trading-bots)
  * [Copy TradingFollow the most popular traders](https://www.binance.com/en/copy-trading)
  * [APIsUnlimited opportunities with one key](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-api)

[Futures](https://www.binance.com/en/futures/home)

  * [USDⓈ-M FuturesContracts settled in USDT and USDC](https://www.binance.com/en/futures)
  * [COIN-M FuturesContracts settled in cryptocurrency](https://www.binance.com/en/delivery)
  * [OptionsUSDT Options with limited downside and affordable entry](https://www.binance.com/en/eoptions)

[Earn](https://www.binance.com/en/earn)

[Square](https://www.binance.com/en/square)

  * [SquareStay informed with everything crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/square)
  * [Academy (Learn & Earn)Earn crypto by learning about blockchain](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn)
  * [BlogExpand your knowledge and get the latest insights](https://www.binance.com/en/blog)
  * [ResearchInstitutional-grade analysis, in-depth insights, and more](https://www.binance.com/en/research)

More

  * [VIP & InstitutionalYour trusted digital asset platform for VIPs and institutions](https://www.binance.com/en/vip-institutional-services)
  * [Launchpad & LaunchpoolDiscover and gain access to new token launches](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)
  * [MegadropLock your BNB and complete Web3 quests for boosted airdrop rewards](https://www.binance.com/en/megadrop)
  * [Mining PoolMine more rewards by connecting to the pool](https://pool.binance.com/en)
  * [PaySend, receive and spend crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/payment)
  * [LoansGet an instant loan secured by crypto assets](https://www.binance.com/en/loan)

  * [NFTExplore NFTs from creators worldwide](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/home)
  * [Fan TokenDiscover an all-new fandom and unlock unlimited fan experiences](https://www.binance.com/en/fan-token)
  * [Web3 WalletMeet the next-generation Web3 wallet](https://www.binance.com/en/web3wallet)
  * [BNB ChainThe most popular blockchain to build your own dApp](https://www.bnbchain.org)
  * [CharityBlockchain empowers charity to be more transparent, efficient, and traceable](https://www.binance.charity)

[Log
In](https://accounts.binance.com/en/login?loginChannel=&return_to=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYmluYW5jZS5jb20vZW4vY29tbXVuaXR5)[Sign
Up](https://accounts.binance.com/en/register?registerChannel=&return_to=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYmluYW5jZS5jb20vZW4vY29tbXVuaXR5)

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/images/common/logo.png)

Scan to Download App IOS & Android

[More Download
Options](https://www.binance.com/en/download?utm_source=&utm_campaign=)

[About](/about)[Careers](/careers)[Press](/press)[Community](/community)

Join the Binance Community

Binance is more than a crypto ecosystem. It's a vibrant global community
powered by Binance users from all walks of life, who come together both in
real life and online to pursue their passions and advance the crypto cause.

![Community Join Group](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/images/about-
us/join.png)

![CZ Quote](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/images/about-us/quote.svg)

The Binance community inspires us every day. It is the innovation engine of
Binance that helps, and motivates us to achieve even higher goals. The Binance
community is the most knowledgeable crypto community in the world. Nothing
gives me greater pleasure than meeting and speaking to our community members,
both online and in-person.

Thank you for your ongoing help and support.

-CZ

Explore Meet-ups & Events

We’ve resumed offline events and meet-ups in cities where they’re permitted,
from Dubai and Kyiv to Uruguay. Meet-ups give community members the chance to
connect and share ideas in person, hear from Binance team members, industry
experts, and special guests.

[Explore Events](https://www.eventbrite.com/o/binance-community-
meetups-20258920658)

![Community Culture](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/images/about-
us/events.png)

![Community Culture](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/images/about-
us/angel.svg)

Binance Angel Program

Binance Angels are our most active and passionate community builders, who help
make a difference by sharing Binance’s vision with the world. There are
currently 300+ Binance Angels across 70+ cities, who help fellow Binancians,
lead the crypto conversation, share local insights and trends, organize online
and offline events, and more.

We’re looking for dedicated users from all walks of life who share our values.
Bring your unique voice and perspective to help us increase the freedom of
money for all.

[Become a Binance Angel](/support/announcement/115000483751)

Join the Conversation

Explore more than 60 official Telegram groups on a variety of topics, from
trading and NFTs to platform announcements and more. Find your community with
more than 40 multilingual Telegram groups designed to bring together local
communities.

Of course, we’re not just on Telegram. Follow us on Twitter, Facebook,
Instagram, Reddit and more for the latest news, updates, and crypto memes.

![Community Culture](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/images/about-
us/joinconversation.png)

Binance Social Medias

[Discord](https://discord.gg/jE4wt8g2H2)

Telegram

[Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/binance)

[Twitter](https://twitter.com/binance)

[Reddit](https://www.reddit.com/r/binance)

[LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/company/binance)

[Instagram](https://www.instagram.com/binance/)

Official Binance Telegram Channels

Join the discussion and stay up to date with announcements!

Exchange

Academy

Info

English

[Open Telegram Chanel](https://t.me/BinanceExchange)

Chinese

[Open Telegram Chanel](https://t.me/BinanceChinese)

Announcements

[Open Telegram Chanel](https://t.me/binance_announcements)

NFT

[Open Telegram Chanel](https://t.me/BinanceNFTs)

Multilingual Telegram Communities

Binance is Global. Join the discussion in your language or region!

  * Balkans

  * Bangladesh

  * Deutsch

  * East Africa

  * English (Australia)

  * English (New Zealand)

  * Español

  * Español (Argentina)

  * Español (España)

  * Estonian

  * Filipino

  * Français

  * Greek

  * India

  * Indonesian

  * Italiano

  * Latvian

  * Nigeria

  * Polski

  * Portuguese (Brazil)

  * Portuguese (Portugal)

  * Pусский

  * Română

  * South Africa

  * Sri Lanka

  * Tiếng Việt

  * Türkçe

  * Vlaams

  * Čeština/Slovenčina

  * Български

  * Монгол

  * Українська

  * қазақ

  * العربية

  * پاکستانی

  * नेपाली

  * ຄົນລາວ

  * မြန်မာ

  * ប្រទេសកម្ពុជា

  * 日本語

[Balkans](https://t.me/binancebalkans)

[Bangladesh](https://t.me/BinanceBangladeshi)

[Deutsch](https://t.me/BinanceGerman)

[East Africa](https://t.me/BinanceEastAfrica)

[English (Australia)](https://t.me/binanceaustralia)

[English (New Zealand)](https://t.me/BinanceNewZealand)

[Español](https://t.me/BinanceSpanish)

[Español (Argentina)](https://t.me/binanceargentinaoficial)

[Español (España)](https://t.me/Binance_ESP)

[Estonian](https://t.me/BinanceEstonia)

[Filipino](https://t.me/BinanceFilipino)

[Français](https://t.me/BinanceFrench)

[Greek](https://t.me/BinanceGreek)

[India](https://t.me/BinanceIndian)

[Indonesian](https://t.me/Binance_Indonesian)

[Italiano](https://t.me/BinanceItalian)

[Latvian](https://t.me/BinanceLatvia)

[Nigeria](https://t.me/BinanceNigeria)

[Polski](https://t.me/Binance_Polish)

[Portuguese (Brazil)](https://t.me/BinancePortuguese)

[Portuguese (Portugal)](https://t.me/Binance_PT)

[Pусский](https://t.me/BinanceRussianSpeaking)

[Română](https://t.me/BinanceRomanian)

[South Africa](https://t.me/BinanceSouthAfrica)

[Sri Lanka](https://t.me/binancesrilanka)

[Tiếng Việt](https://t.me/BinanceVietnamese)

[Türkçe](https://t.me/BinanceTurkish)

[Vlaams](https://t.me/BinanceFlemish)

[Čeština/Slovenčina](https://t.me/BinanceCzechoSlovakia)

[Български](https://t.me/BGBinance)

[Монгол](https://t.me/BinanceMongolian)

[Українська](https://t.me/BinanceUkrainian)

[қазақ](https://t.me/binance_kz)

[العربية](https://t.me/BinanceArabic)

[پاکستانی](http://t.me/binancepakistani)

[नेपाली](https://t.me/BinanceNepali)

[ຄົນລາວ](https://t.me/BinanceLaotian)

[မြန်မာ](https://t.me/BinanceBurmese)

[ប្រទេសកម្ពុជា](https://t.me/BinanceKhmer)

[日本語](https://t.me/BinanceJapanese)

### Community

[](https://discord.gg/jE4wt8g2H2)[](https://www.binance.com/en/community)[](https://www.tiktok.com/@binance?lang=en)[](https://www.facebook.com/binance)[](https://twitter.com/binance)[](https://www.reddit.com/r/binance)[](https://www.instagram.com/Binance/)[](https://coinmarketcap.com/exchanges/binance/)[](https://www.youtube.com/binanceyoutube)[](https://www.binance.com/en/community)

USD-$

USD-$

AED-د.إ

ARS-ARS$

AUD-A$

BDT-৳

BGN-лв

BHD-.د.ب

BOB-$b

BRL-R$

CAD-C$

CHF-CHF

CNY-¥

COP-COL$

CZK-Kč

DKK-KR

EGP-E£

EUR-€

GBP-£

HKD-HKD

HRK-kn

HUF-Ft

IDR-Rp

INR-₹

JPY-¥

KES-KSh

KWD-ك.د

KZT-₸

MAD-م.د.

MNT-₮

MXN-Mex$

NZD-NZ$

OMR-ر.ع.

PEN-S/.

PHP-₱

PKR-₨

PLN-zł

QAR-ر.ق

RON-lei

RUB-₽

SAR-ر.س

SEK-kr

THB-฿

TRY-₺

TWD-NT$

UAH-₴

UGX-USh

VES-Bs

VND-₫

ZAR-R

Theme

USD

Theme

### About Us

  * [About](https://www.binance.com/en/about)
  * [Careers](https://www.binance.com/en/careers)
  * [Announcements](https://www.binance.com/en/support/announcement)
  * [News](https://www.binance.com/en/square/news/all)
  * [Press](https://www.binance.com/en/press)
  * [Legal](https://www.binance.com/en/legal/home)
  * [Terms](https://www.binance.com/en/terms)
  * [Privacy](https://www.binance.com/en/about-legal/privacy-portal)
  * [Building Trust](https://www.binance.com/en/land/building_trust)
  * [Blog](https://www.binance.com/en/blog)
  * [Community](https://www.binance.com/en/community)
  * [Sitemap](https://www.binance.com/en/country-region-selector)
  * [Risk Warning](https://www.binance.com/en/risk-warning)
  * [Notices](https://www.binance.com/en/support/list/notices)
  * [Downloads](https://www.binance.com/en/download)
  * [Desktop Application](https://www.binance.com/en/desktop-download)

### Products

  * [Exchange](https://www.binance.com/en/trade)
  * [Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/buy-sell-crypto)
  * [Leveraged Tokens](https://www.binance.com/en/leveraged-tokens/tokens/allTokens)
  * [TradingView](https://www.binance.com/en/land/tradingview)
  * [Pay](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/payment)
  * [Academy](https://academy.binance.com/en)
  * [Live](https://www.binance.com/en/live)
  * [Tax](https://www.binance.com/en/tax)
  * [Gift Card](https://www.binance.com/en/gift-card)
  * [Launchpad & Launchpool](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)
  * [Auto-Invest](https://www.binance.com/en/auto-invest)
  * [ETH Staking](https://www.binance.com/en/eth2)
  * [NFT](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/home)
  * [BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/bnb)
  * [BABT](https://www.binance.com/en/BABT?source=footer)
  * [Research](https://www.binance.com/en/research)
  * [Charity](https://www.binance.charity)

### Business

  * [P2P Merchant Application](https://c2c.binance.com/en/merchantApplication)
  * [P2Pro Merchant Application](https://p2p.binance.com/en/p2pro)
  * [Listing Application](https://www.binance.com/en/my/coin-apply)
  * [Institutional & VIP Services](https://www.binance.com/en/vip-institutional-services)
  * [Labs](https://labs.binance.com/)

### Learn

  * [Learn & Earn](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn)
  * [Browse Crypto Prices](https://www.binance.com/en/price)
  * [Bitcoin Price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/bitcoin)
  * [Ethereum Price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/ethereum)
  * [Browse Crypto Price Predictions](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction)
  * [Bitcoin Price Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction/bitcoin)
  * [Ethereum Price Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction/ethereum)
  * [Buy Bitcoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bitcoin)
  * [Buy BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bnb)
  * [Buy Ripple](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/xrp)
  * [Buy Dogecoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/dogecoin)
  * [Buy Ethereum](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/ethereum)
  * [Buy Tradable Altcoins](https://www.binance.com/en/altcoins/tradable)

### Service

  * [Affiliate](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/affiliate)
  * [Referral](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/referral?utm_source=Lite_web_footer)
  * [OTC Trading](https://www.binance.com/en/otc)
  * [Historical Market Data](https://www.binance.com/en/landing/data)
  * [Proof of Reserves](https://www.binance.com/en/proof-of-reserves)

### Support

  * [24/7 Chat Support](https://www.binance.com/en/chat?sourceEntry=4)
  * [Support Center](https://www.binance.com/en/support)
  * [Product Feedback & Suggestions](https://www.binance.com/en/my/user-support/feedback/entry)
  * [Fees](https://www.binance.com/en/fee/schedule)
  * [APIs](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-api)
  * [Binance Verify](https://www.binance.com/en/official-verification)
  * [Trading Rules](https://www.binance.com/en/trade-rule)
  * [Binance Airdrop Portal](https://www.binance.com/en/airdrop)
  * [Law Enforcement Requests](https://www.binance.com/en/support/law-enforcement)

Binance© 2024Cookie Preferences

![Company Logo](https://cdn.cookielaw.org/logos/99f99939-5a0d-4feb-
aef3-ba45f16b6907/5bfb9945-c83c-46f9-8bd7-55e8fd1975b5/02e50907-93f6-477d-a8a2-d581dace49c2/binance-h.png)

## Privacy Preference Center

When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your
browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you,
your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as
you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but
it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your
right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on
the different category headings to find out more and change our default
settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience
of the site and the services we are able to offer.  
[Cookie Policy](https://www.binance.com/en/cookie-privacy)

Allow All

###  Manage Consent Preferences

#### Strictly Necessary Cookies

Always Active

These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched
off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by
you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy
preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block
or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then
work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.

Cookies Details‎

#### Functional Cookies

Functional Cookies

These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and
personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose
services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then
some or all of these services may not function properly.

Cookies Details‎

#### Targeting Cookies

Targeting Cookies

Targeting cookies may be set through our site by ourselves and our advertising
partners. First parties and third parties will use them to build a profile of
your interests based on the browsing information they collect from you, which
includes uniquely identifying your browser and terminal equipment. If you do
not allow these cookies you will still see basic advertising on your browser
that is generic and not based on your interests

Cookies Details‎

#### Performance Cookies

Performance Cookies

These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure
and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are
the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All
information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If
you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our
site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.

Cookies Details‎

Back Button

### Cookie List

Search Icon

Filter Icon

Clear

checkbox label label

Apply Cancel

Consent Leg.Interest

checkbox label label

checkbox label label

checkbox label label

Reject All Confirm My Choices

[![Powered by
Onetrust](https://cdn.cookielaw.org/logos/static/powered_by_logo.svg)](https://www.onetrust.com/products/cookie-
consent/)

