[](/)

Developers

Use cases

[Knowledge hub](/knowledge-hub/)

Help

[Contact
us](https://partner.li.fi/?utm_source=lifi&utm_medium=header_contact_us_btn&utm_campaign=lifi_to_contact_form)

[](/)

# Privacy Policy

We would like to inform you about the processing of personal data when using
products developed by LI.FI. This information refers to everything offered by
<https://li.fi> and <https://jumper.exchange>, our API, SDK, smart contracts,
widgets and other third-party integrations. and is also valid if you use LI.FI
on third-party websites or in third-party apps.

#### Controller

LI.FI Service GmbH

Lychener Straße 19, 10437 Berlin, Germany

legal@li.finance

#### Questions regarding data protection and your rights

Please contact us through the above contact details for any questions
regarding data protection or the assertion of data protection claims.

#### When do we process personal data

We collect personal data via your use of our website and integrations into
other offerings, for example, if you use LI.FI on other websites. Data is
collected via your active input or we collect it without your active
participation via your interaction with LI.FI. In particular, these are the
following processes:

  * visiting our website;

  * use of our apps and integrations;

  * system messages via email and push message;

  * email newsletter;

  * making contact with us;

  * warding off attacks against our technical infrastructure;

We refer to the following explanations for more detail.

#### Visiting our website

When you visit our website, the company we commission to operate the website
processes and stores the public IP address of the device you use to visit our
website, including the date and time of access. The IP address is a unique
numeric address under which your device sends or retrieves data to the
internet. The IP address is used to enable technical access and use of our
website as well as to detect and ward off attacks against our service provider
or our website. Unfortunately, attacks continue to be carried out with the
intention of harming website operators or their users (e.g., preventing
access, spying on data, distributing malware (e.g., viruses), or other
unlawful purposes). Such attacks would compromise the proper functioning of
our provider's data center, the use of our website or its functionality and
the security of visitors to our website. The processing of an IP address,
including the time of access, is used to ward off such attacks. This
processing via our service provider constitutes a legitimate interest in
ensuring the functionality of our website and fending off unlawful attacks
against us and visitors to our website. The legal basis for this processing is
Art. 6 (1) (f) GDPR. We have commissioned Amazon Web Services EMEA SARL (AWS
Europe) as a data processor for the operation of our website.

The stored IP data is deleted (with anonymization) if it is no longer needed
to detect or defend against an attack.

#### Use of our apps and integrations in other offers

Our apps retrieve the content to be displayed from our server. The above
statements regarding our website apply accordingly in this case, as this is
technically equivalent to a visit to our website.

#### Adjusting transaction calculations

Our applications allow to calculate transactions across different blockchains
and exchanges. The calculation can be manipulated by you according to your own
preferences. We aim to remember that preference as well as your executed
transactions to improve your user experience and to be able to offer you a
history of those.

If you adjust your settings without registering, then we store a cookie on
your computer with a random user ID. This user ID will be assigned to your
preferences. As soon as you register for LI.FI, we assign the user ID from the
cookie to your account, so that your previous transactions appear under this
ID in your account. If you do not want this, simply delete our cookies in your
browser.

The legal basis of this data processing for registered users is Art. 6 (1) (b)
GDPR, since we are acting to fulfill a contract with the user. For non-
registered users, the legal basis for processing is Art. 6 (1) (f) GDPR. Our
legitimate interest is the ability to associate transactions with a user to
improve the user’s experience .

#### Setup of an account

It’s great that you’ve decided to create your own LI.FI account. This will
give you the opportunity to use all the features that we only offer to
registered users. We process your provided data to create your account. We
also process this to manage your account and to enable you to use the LI.FI
services connected to your customer account. The legal basis for processing is
Art. 6 (1) (b) GDPR.

The data stored in your customer account will be deleted when you cancel your
customer account with us. If we are legally obliged to a longer storage period
(for example to fulfill accounting obligations) or are legally entitled to
longer storage periods (for example due to a current legal dispute against the
holder of a user account), deletion is carried out following expiration of the
storage obligation or legal authorization.

#### Setup of an account via third party services

You have the opportunity to register with LI.FI via third party services. The
Privacy Policy of the service you use applies in this case. The scope of the
personal data that is transmitted to us as a result of this depends on the
settings you have made for the respective service or your corresponding
agreement with the service. Please read the respective provider’s Privacy
Policy or the agreements made with them. We use the data transmitted to us to
enable you to log in to LI.FI and to complete your LI.FI profile with the data
transmitted to us. You can see this data in your profile on our site and can
change or delete it there.

#### System news

We will inform you via email and/or push messages about events related to your
use of LI.FI and the status of your transactions. You can set the information
you want to receive and how you want to receive it (or not) in your profile.
The legal basis for processing as well as these messages that serve to fulfill
our contract with you is Art. 6 (1) (b) GDPR. If you have revocably activated
the information yourself at any time, the legal basis is Art. 6 (1) (a) GDPR.
Otherwise, for the information activated by us, which you can deactivate at
any time, the legal basis is Article 6 (1) (f) GDPR, as we believe that these
system messages improve your use of LI.FI.

We commission an external service provider for the preparation and dispatch of
our emails, who acts as a data processor for us. This is mailchimp.com, a
service by the Rocket Science Group, LLC d/b/a MailChimp, 675 Ponce de Leon
Ave NE, Suite 5000, Atlanta, GA 30308, USA. This company is based in the US
but is a member of Privacy Shield,
https://www.privacyshield.gov/participant?id=a2zt0000000TO6hAAG&status=Active.

To send push messages, we use the Firebase product under a data processing
contract with the Google Corporate Group, available here:
https://firebase.google.com/terms/data-processing-terms The Privacy Policies
are available at https://firebase.google.com/support/privacy/. This may result
in the export of personal data to Google LLC in the US, which is a member of
the Privacy Shield Convention.

#### Contacting us

If you send us a message via one of the offered contact options, we will use
the information you provide us with to process your request. The legal basis
for this is our legitimate interest in answering your request in accordance
with Art. 6 (1) (f) GDPR. If your request is for the purpose of concluding or
performing a contract with us, the further legal basis for the processing is
Art. 6 (1) (b) GDPR. The data will be deleted following completion of your
request. If we are legally obliged to a longer storage period, deletion is
carried out following expiry of the relevant period.

#### Use of cookies

To operate our website, we use cookies to ensure the technical functionality
of our website, in order to understand and how visitors use our website.

Cookies are small text files that are stored on your device by your browser
when visiting our website. If you visit our website again later, we can read
these cookies again. Cookies are stored for various lengths of time. In your
browser settings, you always have the option to set which cookies are
accepted; this may however result in our website no longer working properly.
Furthermore, you can delete cookies independently at any time. If you do not
do this, we can specify how long a cookie should be stored on your computer
when saving. A distinction is made here between so-called session cookies and
persistent cookies. Session cookies are deleted from your browser when you
leave our website or when you quit the browser. Persistent cookies are stored
for the duration we specify upon saving.

We use cookies for the following purposes:

  * Technically necessary cookies that are essential to use the functions of our website (for example, to recognize whether you have logged in). Without these cookies, certain functions cannot be provided

  * Functional cookies that are used to perform certain functions that you want to use technically.

  * Analysis cookies that analyze your user behavior. For details please read the information regarding "Google Analytics"

Most browsers used by our users allow them to set which cookies are stored and
to delete (certain) cookies. If you restrict the storage of cookies to certain
websites or do not allow third-party cookies, it may render our website
inoperable under some circumstances. Here's how to customize cookie settings
for the most common browsers:

  * Google Chrome (support.google.com/chrome/answer/95647?hl=de)

  * Internet Explorer (https://support.microsoft.com/de-de/help/17442/windows-internet-explorer-delete-manage-cookies)

  * Firefox (https://support.mozilla.org/de/kb/cookies-erlauben-und-ablehnen)

  * Safari (https://support.apple.com/kb/PH19214?viewlocale=en_US&locale=en_US).

#### Google Analytics

We process orders using Google Analytics, a service from Google LLC
("Google"), Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA. To this end,
Google uses a cookie as a data processor. This is a small text file saved on
your computer by your browser. Using this cookie, Google receives information
about which website you have visited and, in particular, the following
information: Browser type/version, operating system used, technical
information about the operating system and the browser as well as the public
IP address of the computer you are using. We use Google Analytics in such a
way that your IP address is only used in anonymous form. This anonymization is
performed following notification from Google in the European Union or a member
state of the EEA. Only in exceptional cases will the full IP address be
transferred to a Google server in the US and abbreviated there. According to
Google, the anonymization takes place before the IP address is first stored on
a permanent medium. For details, please refer to the Google Privacy Policy
available at https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245?hl=en.

Google Analytics allows us to create usage statistics for our website as well
as demographics about visitors and their user behavior in non-personalized
form. It also compiles statistics to help us better understand how our site is
found, in order to improve our search engine optimization and advertising
efforts. This processing constitutes a legitimate interest in being able to
improve our website as well as our advertising measures. The legal basis for
this processing is Art. 6 (1) (f) GDPR.

The pseudonymous data is deleted after 14 months.

You can find information on how to opt out of using Google Analytics at
<https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en>.

As alternative to the [Browser-Add-
On](https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en) or for browsers on mobile
devices, please click this link to deactivate tracking by Google Analytics on
this website (this opt-out does only work in this browser and for this
domain). It creates an Opt-Out-Cookie and saves it on your device. If you
delete this Cookies in your Browser, you have to click the link again.

Google is a member of the Privacy Shield Agreement and has entered into a
Google Analytics data processing contract with us.

#### Your rights

#### Right to information

Pursuant to Art. 15 GDPR, you have the right to ask for confirmation that
personal data relating to you is being processed. If this is the case, you
have a right to information about this personal data as well as to further
information, which is listed under Art. 15 GDPR.

#### Right to rectification

Pursuant to Art. 16 GDPR, you have the right to demand the rectification of
incorrect personal data relating to you. Taking into account the purposes of
processing, you also have the right to request the completion of incomplete
personal data, including by means of a supplementary statement.

#### Right to deletion

You have the right to request us to immediately delete your data. We are
obliged to delete personal data immediately, provided that the corresponding
requirements of Art. 17 GDPR are met. For details please refer to Art. 17
GDPR.

#### Right to restriction of processing

Pursuant to Art. 18 GDPR, you have the right, under certain conditions, to
demand that we restrict the processing of your personal data.

#### Right to data portability

Under Art. 20 GDPR, you have the right to receive the personal data that you
have provided to us in a structured, common and machine-readable format, and
you have the right to transfer this data to another controller without
hindrance, provided that the processing is based on consent pursuant to
Article 6 (1) (a) GDPR or Article 9 (2) (a) GDPR or a contract pursuant to
Article 6 (1) (b) GDPR and the processing is carried out by automated means.

#### Right to object

Under Art. 21 GDPR, you have the right to object to the processing of your
personal data based on Article 6 (1) (e) or (f) GDPR; this also applies to
profiling based on these provisions.

If we process your personal data to operate direct advertising, you have at
any time the right to object to the processing of your personal data for the
purpose of such advertising; this also applies to profiling if it is
associated with such direct mail.

If you would like to exercise your right, please contact us the controller at
the contact details listed above.

#### Right to complain to the supervisory authority

Without prejudice to any other administrative or judicial remedy, you have the
right under Article 77 GDPR to complain to the supervisory authority. In
particular, this right applies in the Member State of your domicile, your
place of work or the place of the alleged infringement if you believe that the
processing of your personal data is in violation of the GDPR.

Imprint

Terms & Conditions

[Privacy](/legal/privacy-policy/)[Terms & Conditions](/legal/terms-and-
conditions/)[Imprint](/legal/imprint/)

LI.FI © 2024. All right reserved.

[](https://blog.li.fi/?utm_source=lifi&utm_medium=footer_socials&utm_campaign=lifi_to_blog)

[](https://github.com/lifinance/)

[](https://discord.gg/lifi)

[](https://twitter.com/lifiprotocol)

[](https://t.me/lifinews)

Products

  * [Widget](/widget/)
  * [SDK](/sdk/)
  * [API](https://docs.li.fi/more-integration-options/li.fi-api/?utm_source=lifi&utm_medium=footer_products&utm_campaign=lifi_to_docs)

Getting started

  * [Widget docs](https://docs.li.fi/integrate-li.fi-widget/li.fi-widget-overview/?utm_source=lifi&utm_medium=footer_getting_started&utm_campaign=lifi_to_docs)
  * [SDK docs](https://docs.li.fi/integrate-li.fi-js-sdk/install-li.fi-sdk/?utm_source=lifi&utm_medium=footer_getting_started&utm_campaign=lifi_to_docs)
  * [Protocol docs](https://docs.li.fi/?utm_source=lifi&utm_medium=footer_getting_started&utm_campaign=lifi_to_docs)
  * [API docs](https://docs.li.fi/more-integration-options/li.fi-api/?utm_source=lifi&utm_medium=footer_getting_started&utm_campaign=lifi_to_docs)

Tools

  * [SDK docs](https://docs.li.fi/integrate-li.fi-js-sdk/install-li.fi-sdk/?utm_source=lifi&utm_medium=footer_link_tools&utm_campaign=lifi_to_docs)
  * [LI.FI Explorer](https://explorer.li.fi/?utm_source=lifi&utm_medium=footer_link_tools&utm_campaign=lifi_to_explorer)

Company

  * [How it works](/how-it-works/)
  * [Careers](/careers/)
  * [Brand Assets](/brand-assets/)
  * [About](/)

Resources

  * [Knowledge hub](/knowledge-hub/)

Support

  * [Discord support](https://discord.gg/lifi)
  * [Status](https://status.li.fi/?utm_source=lifi&utm_medium=footer_link_support&utm_campaign=lifi_to_status)
  * [FAQ](https://docs.li.fi/why-what-and-faq/faq/?utm_source=lifi&utm_medium=footer_link_support&utm_campaign=lifi_to_docs)
  * [Changelog](https://github.com/lifinance/sdk/blob/main/CHANGELOG.md)

