[![wormhole
logo](https://images.ctfassets.net/n8aw1cra6v98/2057wAXk6apiGi4vfTeC2u/9e200f5dfebaf6bb113c879243cf4508/wormwhole.svg?w=384&q=100)](/)

Products

Ecosystem

Developers

Platform

Community

[Start Building](https://docs.wormhole.com/)

Case Study

### Backpack Wallet Integrates Wormhole to Go Multichain

Feb 02, 2024

·

2 min read

![https://images.ctfassets.net/n8aw1cra6v98/4wRtAEb7gOwLb0ug2fYD23/87c2a38a99a325b73338c2cd17e26fea/Social-
card__-----Backpack-is-going-Multichain-Blog-Graphic--
1-.jpg](https://images.ctfassets.net/n8aw1cra6v98/4wRtAEb7gOwLb0ug2fYD23/87c2a38a99a325b73338c2cd17e26fea/Social-
card__-----Backpack-is-going-Multichain-Blog-Graphic--1-.jpg?w=1080&q=75)

#### What is Backpack?

Backpack is not just an average digital wallet - it’s also a regulated
centralized exchange that operates in jurisdictions across the world.

Backpack’s Wallet is a security conscious, non-custodial crypto wallet that
supports both Solana and Ethereum. In addition to normal wallet functions like
Swapping, Staking and Transferring, the Wallet places a major emphasis on
asset security.

Collection Locking is a simple mechanism that automatically rejects
transaction requests and protects NFTs during a wallet drain. More than one
hundred of Solana’s top collections are covered under the protection umbrella.

The Wallet also serves as a hub for xNFTs, decentralized applications that
operate within the Backpack Wallet. Hundreds of xNFTs are available for
download in the xNFT Library.

#### Backpack is going multichain

The integration of the Wormhole protocol into the Backpack product line
represents a significant leap towards a multichain future.

Wormhole is a multichain messaging protocol that facilitates seamless token
swaps and interactions across different blockchain networks. This allows
Backpack users to effortlessly Bridge and Swap tokens between Solana and
Ethereum. Users are encouraged to begin trying out Wormhole within the
Backpack wallet. To download Backpack, visit Backpack’s [download
page](https://www.backpack.app/downloads?ref=wormhole.ghost.io).

The Wormhole integration embodies the vision of both teams to create an
interconnected web3 future. Users can now enjoy a simplified crypto experience
when bridging assets across chains and unlocking new use cases within the
Backpack ecosystem.

This collaboration reinforces Backpack’s position as a comprehensive solution
for any crypto user.

![Image](https://images.ctfassets.net/n8aw1cra6v98/2fP8M06oPDd6atrcKaUHOQ/0fcc04374046f970de7dfb7fe86574e5/worm.svg)

#### Future-proof, permissionless tooling to empower multichain builders

[Start Building](https://docs.wormhole.com/)

Subscribe for updates

Subscribe

[![x or twitter](/assets/x.svg)](https://twitter.com/wormhole)[![x or
twitter](/assets/discord.svg)](https://discord.gg/wormholecrypto)[![x or
twitter](/assets/telegram.svg)](https://t.me/wormholecrypto)[![x or
twitter](/assets/github.svg)](https://github.com/wormhole-
foundation/wormhole)[![x or
twitter](/assets/some.svg)](https://docs.wormhole.com/)[![x or
twitter](/assets/youtube.svg)](https://www.youtube.com/@wormholecrypto)

Products

[connect](/products/connect)[SDK](/products/sdk)[native token
transfers](/products/native-token-
transfers)[Queries](/products/queries)[Messaging](/products/messaging)

Ecosystem

[Multichain apps](/ecosystem/multichain-apps)[W
Token](/ecosystem/w-token)[Ecosystem Programs](/ecosystem/ecosystem-
programs)[Case Studies](/case-studies)

Developers

[Documentation](https://docs.wormhole.com/wormhole)[Github](https://github.com/wormhole-
foundation)[Bug Bounties](https://immunefi.com/bug-
bounty/wormhole/)[Wormholescan](https://wormholescan.io/)

Platform

[Blockchains](/platform/blockchains)[Security](/platform/security)[Gateway](/platform/gateway)

Community

[Hub](/community/hub)[Blog](/blog)[Brand and Press](/brand-and-press)

2024 Ⓒ Wormhole. All Rights Reserved.

[Terms of use](/pages/terms-of-use)[Privacy Policy](/pages/data-protection-
and-privacy-policy)

