[](https://www.binance.com/en)

[Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/crypto/buy)

[Markets](https://www.binance.com/en/markets/overview)

Trade

Basic

  * [SpotBuy and sell on the Spot market with advanced tools](https://www.binance.com/en/trade/BTC_USDT?type=spot)
  * [MarginIncrease your profits with leverage](https://www.binance.com/en/trade?type=cross)
  * [P2PBuy & sell cryptocurrencies using bank transfer and 800+ options](https://p2p.binance.com/en)
  * [Convert & Block TradeThe easiest way to trade at all sizes](https://www.binance.com/en/convert)

Advanced

  * [Trading BotsTrade smarter with our various automated strategies - easy, fast and reliable](https://www.binance.com/en/trading-bots)
  * [Copy TradingFollow the most popular traders](https://www.binance.com/en/copy-trading)
  * [APIsUnlimited opportunities with one key](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-api)

[Futures](https://www.binance.com/en/futures/home)

  * [USDⓈ-M FuturesContracts settled in USDT and USDC](https://www.binance.com/en/futures)
  * [COIN-M FuturesContracts settled in cryptocurrency](https://www.binance.com/en/delivery)
  * [OptionsUSDT Options with limited downside and affordable entry](https://www.binance.com/en/eoptions)

[Earn](https://www.binance.com/en/earn)

[Square](https://www.binance.com/en/square)

  * [SquareStay informed with everything crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/square)
  * [Academy (Learn & Earn)Earn crypto by learning about blockchain](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn)
  * [BlogExpand your knowledge and get the latest insights](https://www.binance.com/en/blog)
  * [ResearchInstitutional-grade analysis, in-depth insights, and more](https://www.binance.com/en/research)

More

  * [VIP & InstitutionalYour trusted digital asset platform for VIPs and institutions](https://www.binance.com/en/vip-institutional-services)
  * [Launchpad & LaunchpoolDiscover and gain access to new token launches](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)
  * [MegadropLock your BNB and complete Web3 quests for boosted airdrop rewards](https://www.binance.com/en/megadrop)
  * [Mining PoolMine more rewards by connecting to the pool](https://pool.binance.com/en)
  * [PaySend, receive and spend crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/payment)
  * [LoansGet an instant loan secured by crypto assets](https://www.binance.com/en/loan)

  * [NFTExplore NFTs from creators worldwide](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/home)
  * [Fan TokenDiscover an all-new fandom and unlock unlimited fan experiences](https://www.binance.com/en/fan-token)
  * [Web3 WalletMeet the next-generation Web3 wallet](https://www.binance.com/en/web3wallet)
  * [BNB ChainThe most popular blockchain to build your own dApp](https://www.bnbchain.org)
  * [CharityBlockchain empowers charity to be more transparent, efficient, and traceable](https://www.binance.charity)

[Log
In](https://accounts.binance.com/en/login?loginChannel=blog&return_to=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYmluYW5jZS5jb20vZW4vYmxvZy9jb21wbGlhbmNlL2JpbmFuY2Uta2F6YWtoc3Rhbi1hdHRhaW5zLWdsb2JhbC1jZXJ0aWZpY2F0aW9ucy1zaG93Y2FzaW5nLXBsYXRmb3Jtcy1zZWN1cml0eS1hbmQtcHJpdmFjeS1yb2J1c3RuZXNzLTE3MjQ0MDc1NjEzMzM4OTQ3ODE%2FbGFuZz1lbg%3D%3D)[Sign
Up](https://accounts.binance.com/en/register?registerChannel=blog&return_to=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYmluYW5jZS5jb20vZW4vYmxvZy9jb21wbGlhbmNlL2JpbmFuY2Uta2F6YWtoc3Rhbi1hdHRhaW5zLWdsb2JhbC1jZXJ0aWZpY2F0aW9ucy1zaG93Y2FzaW5nLXBsYXRmb3Jtcy1zZWN1cml0eS1hbmQtcHJpdmFjeS1yb2J1c3RuZXNzLTE3MjQ0MDc1NjEzMzM4OTQ3ODE%2FbGFuZz1lbg%3D%3D)

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/images/common/logo.png)

Scan to Download App IOS & Android

[More Download
Options](https://www.binance.com/en/download?utm_source=&utm_campaign=)

##### [Binance Blog](/blog)

# Binance Kazakhstan Attains Global Certifications, Showcasing Platform’s
Security and Privacy Robustness

2024-05-13

## Main Takeaways

  * Binance Kazakhstan has been awarded the ISO 27001 and ISO 27701 certifications, highlighting its strict adherence to international standards of information security governance and privacy information management.

  * The certifications were awarded by the British Standards Institution (BSI) following an in-depth audit of Binance Kazakhstan's security controls, policies, and processes.

  * The achievement echoes similar accomplishments by Binance entities in France, Bahrain, the UAE, and Turkey, showcasing Binance's global efforts in promoting a secure and reliable blockchain environment.

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20240513/18caa12d-2645-40e7-99e1-7cfbac8f4102)

We are excited to share that Binance Kazakhstan has achieved two globally
recognized certifications for information security governance and privacy
information management: the ISO 27001 and ISO 27701, respectively. Awarded
following an extensive audit by an independent certification body, these
credentials attest to the platform's internal systems and processes meeting
internationally recognized standards for quality and consistency. This
milestone highlights Binance’s commitment to providing crypto users in
Kazakhstan with a secure and reliable platform.

## Consistent Pursuit of High Standards

In an industry as dynamic and innovative as Web3, adhering to established
standards and best practices is a means to foster trust and facilitate the
onboarding of new users. Developing robust security measures and privacy
protections has been a top priority for Binance Kazakhstan from day one.
Earning the ISO certifications comes as the result of our consistent efforts
to introduce the highest standards of information security governance and
privacy information management in our operations.

The British Standards Institution (BSI), an independent multinational
certification body, has certified Binance Kazakhstan following a rigorous and
comprehensive audit of its security and privacy controls, policies, and
processes.

[Vishal Sacheendran, Head of Regional Markets at
Binance](https://cryptodnes.bg/en/kakvo-sledim-vnimavame-sled-bitcoin-
halvinga/), noted: “Setting high benchmarks for information security and
privacy processes is a hallmark of a trustworthy, reliable firm. By securing
these internationally recognized certifications at Binance Kazakhstan, we
validate that we meet these high standards. We hope that our users will feel
significantly reassured knowing their assets and personal information are
protected in line with the latest global standards.”

## Push Across Regions

Binance Kazakhstan’s successful certification [_follows similar
achievements_](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/compliance/binance-receives-
coveted-security-and-privacy-certifications-3367416538721239104?lang=en) in
France, Bahrain, the United Arab Emirates, and Turkey. Like these entities,
our Kazakhstan platform will undergo annual surveillance audits to maintain
consistent compliance with the standards outlined within the ISO 27001 and ISO
27701 certifications.

We are continuously striving to bolster our security, privacy, and compliance
capabilities across the regions where we operate, securing attendant
certifications where relevant. By leading this process, our Security
Governance team is playing an integral role in forging a blockchain
environment that inspires trust and instills confidence. These efforts are at
the core of Binance's commitment to promoting a safe and secure blockchain
ecosystem for all.

## Further Reading

  * [ _Binance Receives Coveted Security and Privacy Certifications_](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/compliance/binance-receives-coveted-security-and-privacy-certifications-3367416538721239104?lang=en)

  * [ _Binance TR Demonstrates High Security & Privacy Standards Through Global Certifications_](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/ecosystem/binance-tr-demonstrates-high-security--privacy-standards-through-global-certifications-4912616310460496179)

  * [ _Binance Reaffirms Commitment to Robust Security With a Successful SOC 2 Audit_](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/compliance/binance-reaffirms-commitment-to-robust-security-with-a-successful-soc-2-audit-2965809949950603911?lang=en)

195,051,282 users chose us. Find out why today.

Register Now

Like this post

###### Share Post

Article Outlines

Binance Kazakhstan Attains Global Certifications, Showcasing Platform’s
Security and Privacy Robustness

Main Takeaways

Consistent Pursuit of High Standards

Push Across Regions

Further Reading

195,051,282 users chose us. Find out why today.

Register Now

### Community

[](https://discord.gg/jE4wt8g2H2)[](https://www.binance.com/en/community)[](https://www.tiktok.com/@binance?lang=en)[](https://www.facebook.com/binance)[](https://twitter.com/binance)[](https://www.reddit.com/r/binance)[](https://www.instagram.com/Binance/)[](https://coinmarketcap.com/exchanges/binance/)[](https://www.youtube.com/binanceyoutube)[](https://www.binance.com/en/community)

USD-$

USD-$

AED-د.إ

ARS-ARS$

AUD-A$

BDT-৳

BGN-лв

BHD-.د.ب

BOB-$b

BRL-R$

CAD-C$

CHF-CHF

CNY-¥

COP-COL$

CZK-Kč

DKK-KR

EGP-E£

EUR-€

GBP-£

HKD-HKD

HRK-kn

HUF-Ft

IDR-Rp

INR-₹

JPY-¥

KES-KSh

KWD-ك.د

KZT-₸

MAD-م.د.

MNT-₮

MXN-Mex$

NZD-NZ$

OMR-ر.ع.

PEN-S/.

PHP-₱

PKR-₨

PLN-zł

QAR-ر.ق

RON-lei

RUB-₽

SAR-ر.س

SEK-kr

THB-฿

TRY-₺

TWD-NT$

UAH-₴

UGX-USh

VES-Bs

VND-₫

ZAR-R

Theme

USD

Theme

### About Us

  * [About](https://www.binance.com/en/about)
  * [Careers](https://www.binance.com/en/careers)
  * [Announcements](https://www.binance.com/en/support/announcement)
  * [News](https://www.binance.com/en/square/news/all)
  * [Press](https://www.binance.com/en/press)
  * [Legal](https://www.binance.com/en/legal/home)
  * [Terms](https://www.binance.com/en/terms)
  * [Privacy](https://www.binance.com/en/about-legal/privacy-portal)
  * [Building Trust](https://www.binance.com/en/land/building_trust)
  * [Blog](https://www.binance.com/en/blog)
  * [Community](https://www.binance.com/en/community)
  * [Sitemap](https://www.binance.com/en/country-region-selector)
  * [Risk Warning](https://www.binance.com/en/risk-warning)
  * [Notices](https://www.binance.com/en/support/list/notices)
  * [Downloads](https://www.binance.com/en/download)
  * [Desktop Application](https://www.binance.com/en/desktop-download)

### Products

  * [Exchange](https://www.binance.com/en/trade)
  * [Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/buy-sell-crypto)
  * [Leveraged Tokens](https://www.binance.com/en/leveraged-tokens/tokens/allTokens)
  * [TradingView](https://www.binance.com/en/land/tradingview)
  * [Pay](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/payment)
  * [Academy](https://academy.binance.com/en)
  * [Live](https://www.binance.com/en/live)
  * [Tax](https://www.binance.com/en/tax)
  * [Gift Card](https://www.binance.com/en/gift-card)
  * [Launchpad & Launchpool](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)
  * [Auto-Invest](https://www.binance.com/en/auto-invest)
  * [ETH Staking](https://www.binance.com/en/eth2)
  * [NFT](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/home)
  * [BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/bnb)
  * [BABT](https://www.binance.com/en/BABT?source=footer)
  * [Research](https://www.binance.com/en/research)
  * [Charity](https://www.binance.charity)

### Business

  * [P2P Merchant Application](https://c2c.binance.com/en/merchantApplication)
  * [P2Pro Merchant Application](https://p2p.binance.com/en/p2pro)
  * [Listing Application](https://www.binance.com/en/my/coin-apply)
  * [Institutional & VIP Services](https://www.binance.com/en/vip-institutional-services)
  * [Labs](https://labs.binance.com/)

### Learn

  * [Learn & Earn](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn)
  * [Browse Crypto Prices](https://www.binance.com/en/price)
  * [Bitcoin Price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/bitcoin)
  * [Ethereum Price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/ethereum)
  * [Browse Crypto Price Predictions](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction)
  * [Bitcoin Price Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction/bitcoin)
  * [Ethereum Price Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction/ethereum)
  * [Buy Bitcoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bitcoin)
  * [Buy BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bnb)
  * [Buy Ripple](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/xrp)
  * [Buy Dogecoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/dogecoin)
  * [Buy Ethereum](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/ethereum)
  * [Buy Tradable Altcoins](https://www.binance.com/en/altcoins/tradable)

### Service

  * [Affiliate](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/affiliate)
  * [Referral](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/referral?utm_source=Lite_web_footer)
  * [OTC Trading](https://www.binance.com/en/otc)
  * [Historical Market Data](https://www.binance.com/en/landing/data)
  * [Proof of Reserves](https://www.binance.com/en/proof-of-reserves)

### Support

  * [24/7 Chat Support](https://www.binance.com/en/chat?sourceEntry=4)
  * [Support Center](https://www.binance.com/en/support)
  * [Product Feedback & Suggestions](https://www.binance.com/en/my/user-support/feedback/entry)
  * [Fees](https://www.binance.com/en/fee/schedule)
  * [APIs](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-api)
  * [Binance Verify](https://www.binance.com/en/official-verification)
  * [Trading Rules](https://www.binance.com/en/trade-rule)
  * [Binance Airdrop Portal](https://www.binance.com/en/airdrop)
  * [Law Enforcement Requests](https://www.binance.com/en/support/law-enforcement)

Binance© 2024Cookie Preferences

