Skip to main content

[](/en/)

  * Learn
  * Use
  * Build
  * Participate
  * Research

Search```K`

Languages EN

  1. [Home](/en/)/
  2. [Community](/en/community/)/
  3. [code-of-conduct](/en/community/code-of-conduct/)

Page last updated: February 21, 2024

On this page

  * Mission
  * Values
  * What we are not
  * Code of conduct
    * Pledge
    * Scope
    * Our standards
    * Reporting
    * Enforcement

# Code of conduct

## Mission

To develop and maintain the most comprehensive and accessible knowledge hub
for Ethereum.

## Values

The ethereum.org community strives to be:

  * educational, intended to help everyone to understand Ethereum
  * inclusive
  * accessible
  * community-driven
  * focused on Ethereum’s underlying technology and use-cases
  * focused on Ethereum concepts and design principles

## What we are not

  * The Ethereum Foundation website
  * A platform for promoting investments or profiteering of any kind
  * A platform for elevating or endorsing individual projects or organizations
  * A DEX, CEX or any other form of financial platform
  * A platform that gives financial or legal advice of any kind

## Code of conduct

### Pledge

Open participation is core to the ethereum.org ethos. We are a website and
community maintained by thousands of contributors, and this is only possible
if we maintain a welcoming, participatory environment. To this end,
contributors to this site pledge to maintain a harassment-free environment for
all participants across all ethereum.org platforms and community spaces. The
ethereum.org community welcomes and values anyone who wants to participate in
a constructive and friendly way, regardless of age, disability, ethnicity, sex
characteristics, gender identity, level of experience, area of expertise,
education, socio-economic status, nationality, personal appearance, race,
religion or any other dimension of diversity.

### Scope

This Code of Conduct applies to all ethereum.org spaces (such as GitHub,
Discord, Figma, Crowdin, Twitter and other online platforms), and it also
applies when the community is represented in real-world public spaces such as
at meetups, conferences and events.

### Our standards

Examples of behavior that contributes to creating a positive environment
include:

  * Using welcoming and inclusive language
  * Being respectful of differing viewpoints and experiences
  * Gracefully accepting and/or empathetically providing constructive criticism
  * Acting calmly and professionally when resolving conflicts or disagreements
  * Showing empathy and tolerance towards other community members
  * Encouraging and amplifying new voices in the community

Examples of unacceptable behavior by participants include:

  * Physical violence, threatening physical violence or encouraging of physical violence of any kind
  * Using sexualized language or imagery or imposing unwelcome sexual attention
  * Impersonating another individual or otherwise dishonestly claiming affiliation with some individual or organization
  * Trolling, insulting/derogatory comments, and personal or political attacks
  * Harassing other community members in public or private channels
  * Publishing others’ private information, such as a physical or electronic address, without explicit permission
  * Social engineering, scamming or otherwise manipulating other community members
  * Promoting investments, tokens, projects or anything else for personal monetary or non-monetary gain
  * Spamming servers with off-topic content
  * Disregarding requests or warnings from community moderators
  * Engaging in other conduct which could reasonably be considered inappropriate in a professional setting

### Reporting

Violations of the code of conduct will normally be visible to the community as
we try to do everything in open, public channels, allowing community members
to self-police.

However, if something happens that you feel needs attention, you can raise it
with someone who has a moderation role (e.g. discord guide) so that they can
help investigate and execute the appropriate response.

When reporting, please include as much detail as possible, including specific
examples and timestamps. This will help to ensure a fair outcome.

### Enforcement

Depending on the severity, people who violate the code of conduct can receive
warnings, temporary bans or permanent bans from ethereum.org communities.

### Was this article helpful?

YesNo

  * [Edit page(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/ethereum/ethereum-org-website/tree/dev/public/content/community/code-of-conduct/index.md)
  * On this page

    * Mission
    * Values
    * What we are not
    * Code of conduct
      * Pledge
      * Scope
      * Our standards
      * Reporting
      * Enforcement

Website last updated: May 22, 2024

[(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/ethereum/ethereum-org-
website)[(opens in a new tab)](https://twitter.com/ethdotorg)[(opens in a new
tab)](https://discord.gg/ethereum-org)

### Learn

  * [Learn Hub](/en/learn/)
  * [What is Ethereum?](/en/what-is-ethereum/)
  * [What is ether (ETH)?](/en/eth/)
  * [Ethereum wallets](/en/wallets/)
  * [What is Web3?](/en/web3/)
  * [Smart contracts](/en/smart-contracts/)
  * [Gas fees](/en/gas/)
  * [Run a node](/en/run-a-node/)
  * [Ethereum security and scam prevention](/en/security/)
  * [Quiz Hub](/en/quizzes/)
  * [Ethereum glossary](/en/glossary/)

### Use

  * [Guides](/en/guides/)
  * [Choose your wallet](/en/wallets/find-wallet/)
  * [Get ETH](/en/get-eth/)
  * [Dapps - Decentralized applications](/en/dapps/)
  * [Stablecoins](/en/stablecoins/)
  * [NFTs - Non-fungible tokens](/en/nft/)
  * [DeFi - Decentralized finance](/en/defi/)
  * [DAOs - Decentralized autonomous organizations](/en/dao/)
  * [Decentralized identity](/en/decentralized-identity/)
  * [Stake ETH](/en/staking/)
  * [Layer 2](/en/layer-2/)

### Build

  * [Builder's home](/en/developers/)
  * [Tutorials](/en/developers/tutorials/)
  * [Documentation](/en/developers/docs/)
  * [Learn by coding](/en/developers/learning-tools/)
  * [Set up local environment](/en/developers/local-environment/)
  * [Grants](/en/community/grants/)
  * [Foundational topics](/en/developers/docs/intro-to-ethereum/)
  * [UX/UI design fundamentals](/en/developers/docs/design-and-ux/)
  * [Enterprise - Mainnet Ethereum](/en/enterprise/)
  * [Enterprise - Private Ethereum](/en/enterprise/private-ethereum/)

### Participate

  * [Community hub](/en/community/)
  * [Online communities](/en/community/online/)
  * [Ethereum events](/en/community/events/)
  * [Contributing to ethereum.org](/en/contributing/)
  * [Translation Program](/en/contributing/translation-program/)
  * [Ethereum bug bounty program](/en/bug-bounty/)
  * [Ethereum Foundation](/en/foundation/)
  * [Ethereum Foundation Blog(opens in a new tab)](https://blog.ethereum.org/)
  * [Ecosystem Support Program(opens in a new tab)](https://esp.ethereum.foundation)
  * [Devcon(opens in a new tab)](https://devcon.org/)

### Research

  * [Ethereum Whitepaper](/en/whitepaper/)
  * [Ethereum roadmap](/en/roadmap/)
  * [Improved security](/en/roadmap/security/)
  * [Technical history of Ethereum](/en/history/)
  * [Open research](/en/community/research/)
  * [Ethereum Improvement Proposals](/en/eips/)
  * [Ethereum governance](/en/governance/)

  * [About us](/en/about/)
  * [Ethereum brand assets](/en/assets/)
  * [Code of conduct](/en/community/code-of-conduct/)
  * [Jobs](/en/about/#open-jobs)
  * [Privacy policy](/en/privacy-policy/)
  * [Terms of use](/en/terms-of-use/)
  * [Cookie policy](/en/cookie-policy/)
  * [Press Contact(opens in a new tab)](mailto:press@ethereum.org)

Is this page helpful?

