[Cube](/ "Cube | The World's Fastest Crypto Exchange")

[Trade](/trade)[Rewards](/rewards)[FAQ](/faqs)[Fees](/fees)[Litepaper](/litepaper)[Learn](/learn)[News](/news)[About](/about)

[Sign In](/signin)

Open main menu

# Cube.Exchange Official Litepaper

Our mission is to inspire confidence in crypto - one trade, one user, and one
innovation at a time.

![Cube
Litepaper](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fcdn.sanity.io%2Fimages%2Ffegzy4pk%2Fproduction%2F02ed7b9d3ea3957e96a3ed96bccd6f13410405f3-1920x1080.png&w=3840&q=75)

## Introduction

## Fewer tradeoffs, more trades.

Our mission is to inspire confidence in crypto - one trade, one user, and one
innovation at a time.

Cube.Exchange believes traders seek an exchange where they can confidently
find security, transparency, and speed. We provide these key factors using a
revolutionary fusion of the best from traditional finance and blockchain.

When opting for more traditionally structured Web2 platforms, traders find
themselves surrendering custody of their digital assets to the exchange in
return for higher liquidity, speed, precision in matching, and accessibility.
This handover of control of digital assets to an exchange represents a severe
drawback, with traders concerned about proper exchange security measures and a
lack of transparency around digital asset reserves. These concerns often are
why traders prioritize self-custody of digital assets and venture into the
Web3 realm.

With Web3 trading platforms, traders face another set of risks arising from
the regulatory flux and uncertainty around decentralized finance. These Web3
platforms often have less user-friendly interfaces, limited liquidity, or
added trader responsibilities, such as securely managing their private keys
for self-custody.

In addition, both Web2 and Web3 structured exchanges have been plagued by bad
actors and bad decision-making, dramatically damaging user trust in the crypto
ecosystem. Thus far, rug pulls, hacks, reckless speculation, high-level
corruption, and acting outside the bounds of regulation have been commonplace.

Now, by combining deep roots in traditional finance with cutting-edge Web3
innovations, Cube.Exchange offers the advanced trading platform that traders
have been seeking. At Cube.Exchange, traders find a regulatory-compliant
platform for traders of all types and sizes. Traders are no longer required to
compromise between asset security and institutional-grade trading experience.
Cube.Exchange is the synthesis of innovative blockchain technology and
dedication to trader empowerment, setting the standard for a new paradigm in
crypto trading.

## Overview

## Ready to trade.

We took the core crypto value proposition of non-custodial wallets and the
lessons from the dramatic failures of past exchanges. We combined that with
knowledge from traditional finance markets to create an advanced solution for
mitigating current systemic risks with both Web2 and Web3 trading platforms.

Whether you're a seasoned trader, a retail enthusiast, or an institution
navigating the digital asset revolution, Cube.Exchange is tailored to meet
your priorities and needs. Here, you can pursue your desired trading
objectives without giving up control of your digital assets and compromising
on essential aspects such as speed, accessibility, or regulatory compliance.

Our pioneering technology is engineered to protect users from bankruptcy or
insolvency resulting from misappropriation, re-hypothecation, or cyber-attacks
– ensuring your funds cannot be co-mingled with anyone else's, including those
owned by Cube.Exchange. This comprehensive protection against external
security breaches and internal vulnerabilities is made possible through multi-
party computation (MPC) vaults that keep user funds within their control and
ownership. A Guardian network of trusted third parties verifies the legitimacy
of non-standard withdrawal requests and validates the proper net settlement of
all assets. In straightforward terms: Cube.Exchange does not touch and cannot
unilaterally move your assets.

## Key Features

## Trading without compromise.

Powered by best-in-class technology that protects users from founder risk,
Cube.Exchange ensures your digital assets are always under your control while
matching the performance of TradFi and introducing a comprehensive trader-
focused UI into the exchange itself.

Our design combines key elements of older exchanges that traders desire. In
particular, the accessibility and efficiency of Web2 structured venues and the
user self-determination of Web3 platforms. This is accomplished by a
separation of concerns – an exchange layer facilitates trading, and a
settlement layer processes the resulting settlements. Ultimately, your digital
assets always remain in your ownership and control.

## Superior Speed

The exchange layer uses best-in-class Web2 technology for its central matching
engine, programmatic market connectivity, web UIs, account management and
recovery, KYC/AML processes, multi-chain support, and other crucial front-end
features. Our design balances developer and trader ergonomics with a focus on
latency and performance to deliver a best-in-class trading experience that
tests 40x faster than the industry standard, giving users confidence that
their orders will be filled under a millisecond.

Platform| Latency (milliseconds)| Custody  
---|---|---  
Cube.Exchange| 0.2| Non-Custodial  
Binance| 5| Custodian  
Coinbase| 2| Custodian  
dYdX| 750| Non-Custodial  
  
## Enhanced Safety

The net settlement calculation of Cube.Exchange will be independently
validated by the Guardian network and then settles the net transfer of funds.
Trades are settled on-chain, using secure multi-party computation, commonly
known as “MPC”. Cube.Exchange only supports the matching and settlement of
trades and can never unilaterally direct the movement of funds. The use of MPC
technology enables non-custodial ownership of funds in a user’s MPC Vault and
protects user assets from exchange bankruptcy, misuse, or “bank-run” issues
that many exchanges have faced in the past. Users will be able to withdraw
assets at any time from their MPC Vaults because the assets will be owned and
controlled by them, subject to the settlement of ongoing orders.

Similarly, to withdraw funds, you have to authenticate yourself, select the
asset and destination address, and submit the withdrawal order, which is then
validated and published to the settlement layer.s.

## Cube Client Account

To interact with the [Cube.Exchange](https://cube.exchange), you first need to
sign-in with an OAuth provider.We currently support Google and Apple but will
extend that list based on user feedback. After a sign-in, Cube.Exchange will
create a “Cube Client Account” for you.

Why are we not providing a standard email / password authentication? Using an
OAuth provider allows Cube.Exchange to minimize the amount of sensitive
information managed by the platform, providing a layer of security.

## MPC Vault

Once you create your “Cube Client Account”, you initiate a distributed key
generation to securely generate the private key material that constitutes
ownership of your “MPC Vault.” This allows the common derivation of one or
more segregated non-custodial digital wallets for each native blockchain (“MPC
Wallet(s)”). Your MPC Vault is a collection of all your MPC Wallets.For
example, you may have a BTC MPC Wallet, an ETH MPC Wallet, and a SOL MPC
Wallet, all within your MPC Vault. The distributed key generation process
involves you – the User, Cube.Exchange, and an independent network of trusted
third parties – the Guardians. You will receive a PDF document containing your
share of the distributed key material protected by a two-of-three signature
threshold. The distributed key material helps ensure your funds are safe as
its shares are used to support settlements on the exchange.

Our MPC Vault design aligns perfectly with our mission statement about
inspiring confidence in crypto.You can be confident that you own and control
your digital assets within your MPC Vault.We also determined to make our non-
custodial MPC Vault zero-fee to all and we do not require users to trade on
Cube.Exchange to access and use their MPC Vault. This advances Cube’s
philosophy of technology innovation that advances user empowerment of their
financial freedom.

## KYC/AML

Once you finish setting up your MPC Vault, to fully interact with the
exchange, you need to be cleared by Cube’s KYC/AML onboarding diligence
processes. You will not be permitted to deposit any digital assets in your MPC
Vault and trade until this is completed.Once the onboarding diligence is
successfully completed, your “Cube Client Account” is fully active. You may
then deposit digital assets in your MPC Vault and access all the traditional
exchange features including order submission, API keys, client account
management and recovery, etc.

## Deposits, Trading, and Withdrawals

Once you have created your MPC Vault, your public addresses on each native
blockchain are known. To trade on Cube.Exchange, you first must authenticate
yourself, select the market of interest, create a new order, and submit it to
the central matching engine. To create a new order, you must first transfer
digital assets to the respective MPC Wallet within your MPC Vault. The new
order is checked for various parameters including position limits and other
protections. As soon as your order has been matched through the central limit
order book, the bona fide matched transaction result is published to the
settlement layer known as CubeNet, a meta-L2 blockchain. Importantly, your
balance on [Cube.Exchange](https://cube.exchange) immediately reflects the
result of the matching and does not wait for the settlement to complete.
Similarly, to withdraw funds you have to authenticate yourself, select the
asset and destination address, and submit the withdrawal order, which is then
validated and published to the settlement layer.

## Settlement

On a chain-specific basis, the settlement layer calculates the net settlements
resulting from some or all the trades and withdrawal orders in the prior
period. Cube Exchange is actively developing advanced settlement criteria to
increase settlement speed, including factors such as block time, fee pricing,
outstanding net deltas, etc. As soon as the Guardians confirm the calculation
by [Cube.Exchange](https://cube.exchange), a Threshold Signature Scheme (TSS)
is initiated over the participating wallets to transfer the funds directly
between users’ wallets appropriate to the net settlement and chains. Once the
transaction signature shares are completed, the settlement layer submits the
transactions to the blockchain. Retries may be necessary for some blockchains
depending on fee price fluctuations and block-by-block load. If you wish to
accelerate this periodic settlement, you can easily do so at the cost of
paying the underlying blockchain fees directly.

## Non-Response to Client Request

Cube.Exchange will roll out a novel withdrawal process that will not require
action by Cube.Exchange to execute. If the settlement layer has not processed
a net settlement in 48 hours, the Guardians may independently support the user
in transferring funds out of their MPC Vault. This will require the user to
provide their key share to the Guardians as well. Depending on the reason for
the settlement halting, all the user’s unsettled matched trades may be
considered “busted,” which means the matches will be unwound. Non-
responsiveness may occur during force majeure events such as natural disasters
or in the case of a user account being frozen by Cube.Exchange.

## Freezing a Cube Client Account

[Cube.Exchange](https://cube.exchange/) may limit/restrict the withdrawal
function for a Cube Client Account at any time in the event of identified
illicit activity such as sanctions violations, exposure to high-risk wallets,
exposure to wallets previously identified to be belonging to terrorist
financing, and whenever it finds that the activity may be above the platform’s
risk tolerance. If their Cube Client Account is limited/restricted, the user
may not create new orders on [Cube.Exchange](https://cube.exchange), including
withdrawal orders, and all their pending orders will be canceled.
[Cube.Exchange](https://cube.exchange) will publish to the Guardians the
grounds for limiting/restricting the Cube Client Account. The Guardians will
not act on any withdrawal orders from the user as well. This would result in
the user having its assets “frozen” in their MPC Vault, which is the desired
outcome from a regulator’s perspective for not allowing transactions that are
illicit or high-risk in nature. The user whose activity is limited/restricted
would be able to appeal to the relevant authorities to have any restrictions
lifted. Just as with a safe deposit box at a bank, the user maintains full
ownership of their assets within their MPC Vault.

## Recovery of Lost Key Share for MPC Wallet

Cube.Exchange aims to provide a mechanism for the recovery of lost keys for
users. When ready the feature is ready, the user must report that their key
share is lost or stolen, which may require additional verification outside of
the normal authentication process (for example KYC documents). If the key
share was stolen, Cube.Exchange will immediate publish this information to the
Guardians so they do not process any transactions involving the affected MPC
Wallet(s). To reconfirm their identity, the user will be required to undergo
an identity verification process, like the one used during their onboarding.
As a result of that process (which includes ID verification), Cube.Exchange
will publish the results to the Guardians and the user. Assuming a positive
verification, in the case of a lost key share, a new key share will be
generated. In the case of a stolen key share, a new MPC Wallet will be
created, and new key shares will be distributed to the user, Cube.Exchange,
and the Guardians. Finally, the user’s digital assets will move from the prior
MPC Wallet to the new MPC Wallet.

## The Guardians

The Guardians are trusted third parties serving as an independent verification
and trust mechanism, minimizing the risk of fraudulent or incorrect
transactions while bearing limited liability. They are involved in the
Cube.Exchange transaction authorization process, which prevents any single
entity, including the exchange itself, from unilaterally manipulating or
misusing user funds. This multi-party involvement helps maintain a transparent
and accountable process, reinforcing the platform's integrity. Adding an extra
level of protection, the Guardians facilitate direct communication and
withdrawals in case of exchange failure. This proactive measure mitigates the
risk of financial loss or lock-in.

Cube believes it is important to prioritize well-established and trusted
entities within the blockchain or financial industry with a proven track
record of reliability and security to fulfill the Guardian role.

Potential Guardian candidates include:

  * **Validators and Validators-as-a-Service Providers (VaaS)** with a strong reputation within the industry, and a history of operating nodes, participating in consensus mechanisms, and ensuring the integrity of blockchain networks.
  * **Well-established technology companies** with expertise in blockchain technology, cybersecurity, and infrastructure management.
  * **Trusted financial institutions** , such as banks or investment firms, with robust security measures in place, accustomed to safeguarding customer funds and maintaining regulatory compliance.
  * **Deeply engaged and reputable Cube community representatives** selected through a transparent voting or nomination process.

There are several incentives associated with serving as a Guardian, including:

  * **Guardian fees  
** Net settlement will occur at a minimum once a day. At net settlement, each
Guardian earns a pro-rata portion of five percent (5%) of the net transaction
fees with a minimum guaranteed monthly amount. This financial incentive aligns
the interests of the Guardians with the success and growth of Cube.Exchange,
motivating them to contribute their expertise and resources.

  * **Reputation and Prestige  
** Taking on the role of a Guardian enhances the reputation and prestige of
the participating entity or individual. Being recognized as a trusted Guardian
in a reputable blockchain platform like Cube.Exchange attracts attention and
credibility within the blockchain and financial industries. This reputation
boost can lead to additional business opportunities, partnerships, and
industry recognition.

  * **Network Effects and Business Development  
** Acting as a Guardian offers networking opportunities and business
development prospects. Interacting with other participants in the Cube
ecosystem, such as other Guardians, developers, and investors, fosters
collaborations, partnerships, and business synergies. These connections and
interactions can lead to valuable relationships that benefit the participating
entity or individual.

  * **Alignment with Core Principles  
** Becoming a Guardian allows entities or individuals to actively participate
in promoting and upholding the core principles and values of Cube.Exchange.
Those who strongly align with concepts such as self-sovereignty, security, and
trust in providing a reliable platform for users can contribute to the
ecosystem's growth while staying true to their beliefs.

## Advancing Interface

Cube.Exchange gives you the ability to effortlessly connect to the exchange
and craft tailored tools on top of it. This innovative feature ensures a
unique and enhanced trading experience that allows for unmatched adaptability.
Powerful and customizable, Cube.Exchange APIs cater to beginner and advanced
developers looking for more versatility and comfort – whether it comes to
trading, analyzing data, or creating trading strategies.

By introducing a comprehensive trader-focused UI into the exchange itself, we
prioritize user-centric design that features:

  * **Depth-chart trading  
** Enter and cancel orders precisely from the depth-chart UI.

  * **Equalizer  
** Experience unmatched transparency and easily pinpoint your order's position
in the execution queue. Modify your order while preserving its spot, ensuring
no disruptions to your trading momentum.

  * **Concise trade history  
** Stay focused with persistent activity logs within the trading interface.

  * **Advanced order entry  
** Enter orders visually and trade market movements with ease.

  * **Rich API and order-flow integrations  
** Integrate with market-by-price or market-by-order feeds for maximized
market insight.

## Genesis Story

## Security beyond the exchange.

Following a strong background in traditional finance, Cube.Exchange founder,
Bartosz Lipiński was inspired by developments such as Automated Market Makers
and new market structures available in Web3. He also saw the potential for
significant improvement in digital asset exchanges in terms of performance,
scalability, security, and accessibility. Following an esteemed career as a
key builder in the Solana ecosystem, Bartosz joined forces with Lawrence Wu,
now Cube.Exchange CTO.

We are excited to work closely with our partners to grow the Guardian Network
and look forward to collaborating with ambassador-owned platforms seeking to
adopt Cube’s technology.

## Summary

## Speed. Safety. Extensibility.

We are on a mission to inspire confidence in crypto – one trade, one user, and
one innovation at a time.

As financial markets transition to a new future, the name “Cube” embodies
three fundamental principles that steer our vision of leading the way by
pioneering industry-changing solutions.

Three principles for the three dimensions of a cube:

**1\. Speed (x)  
** Delivering traditional finance (TradFi) execution speed to foster
institutional-grade trading experiences on our platform.

**2\. Security (y)  
** Upholding the integrity of your digital asset ownership, ensuring your
assets remain unequivocally yours.

**3.Transparency(z)  
** Authenticating the history and validity of transactions without
compromising privacy.

## About Cube

[Cube.Exchange](http://cube.exchange/) is a trading platform fusing the best
of TradFi and blockchain technologies. The founding team includes traditional
and digital asset finance veterans with a vision to create a regulatory-
compliant venue for traders of all types and sizes. Cube is powered by best-
in-class technology that protects users from founder risk while changing how
they interact with their assets and providing an institutional quality trading
experience for traders of all types.

Stay up to date by following the official
[**Twitter**](https://twitter.com/cubexch).

_**Disclaimer  
** Not financial or tax advice. This Litepaper is strictly educational and is
not investment advice or a solicitation to buy or sell any assets or to make
any financial decisions. This Litepaper is not tax advice. The overall Crypto
space is still developing and there are risks involved in engaging with them.
Talk to your accountant. Do your own research._

[Cube](/ "Cube | The World's Fastest Crypto Exchange")

[Company](/company)[Legal](/legal)[FAQ's](/faqs)[Fees](/fees)[News](/news)[Press](/press)[Careers](https://www.linkedin.com/company/cubexch/jobs)[Privacy](/legal/privacy-
policy)

[](https://www.twitter.com/cubexch)[](https://www.instagram.com/cubexch/)[](https://www.linkedin.com/company/cubexch)[](https://www.youtube.com/@cubexch)

© 2024 Cube Exchange Australia Pty Ltd, All rights reserved.

