  * **Wallet**[**Mobile App** The world of Web3 in your pocket](/download)[**Browser Extension** An optimized Web3 experience for desktop](/browser-extension)
  * **Features**[**Swaps** Swap securely and seamlessly](/swap)[**Staking** Earn crypto rewards while securing networks](/staking)[**NFTs** Explore the world of NFTs](/nft)[**Security** Learn how we keep your assets & Web3 journey safe](/security)[**Buy Crypto** Buy crypto in under five minutes](/buy-crypto)[**SWIFT: Smart Contract Wallet** Explore Web3 easily with account abstraction features](/swift)
  * **Build**[**Developer Docs** Get guides for building powerful Web3 applications](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/)[**Wallet Core** Open-source, mobile-focused crypto wallet library](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/wallet-core)[**Submit dApp** Get your dApp in front of millions](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-dapps)[**Get assets listed** Elevate your asset’s exposure](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-assets)
  * **Support**[**FAQ** Get answers to your most pressing questions](https://community.trustwallet.com/c/helpcenter/8)[**Community Forum** Connect with our vibrant and diverse community](https://community.trustwallet.com/)[**Contact Us** Reach out for personalized support](https://support.trustwallet.com/en/support/home)
  * **About**[**About Us** Discover who we are and what drives us](/about-us)[**Careers** Join us in shaping the future of Web3](/careers)[**Press Kit** Download our official logo and other media assets](/press)[**Blog** Stay up-to-date on Web3 trends and insights](/blog)[**Terms of Service** What you need to know to use our services](/terms-of-service)[**Privacy Policy** Your privacy matters, learn how we protect it](/privacy-policy)

DarkLightLanguage

[Download Trust Wallet](/download)

[](/)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.4edbb099.svg)[**Mobile App** The world
of Web3 in your pocket](/download)[**Browser Extension** An optimized Web3
experience for desktop](/browser-extension)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.e7c57d68.svg)[**Swaps** Swap securely
and seamlessly](/swap)[**Staking** Earn crypto rewards while securing
networks](/staking)[**NFTs** Explore the world of NFTs](/nft)[**Security**
Learn how we keep your assets & Web3 journey safe](/security)[**Buy Crypto**
Buy crypto in under five minutes](/buy-crypto)[**SWIFT: Smart Contract
Wallet** Explore Web3 easily with account abstraction features](/swift)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.b373ab3f.svg)[**Developer Docs** Get
guides for building powerful Web3
applications](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/)[**Wallet Core**
Open-source, mobile-focused crypto wallet
library](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/wallet-core)[**Submit
dApp** Get your dApp in front of
millions](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-dapps)[**Get
assets listed** Elevate your asset’s
exposure](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-assets)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.1211abf0.svg)[**FAQ** Get answers to
your most pressing
questions](https://community.trustwallet.com/c/helpcenter/8)[**Community
Forum** Connect with our vibrant and diverse
community](https://community.trustwallet.com/)[**Contact Us** Reach out for
personalized support](https://support.trustwallet.com/en/support/home)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.9a6dd06f.svg)[**About Us** Discover who
we are and what drives us](/about-us)[**Careers** Join us in shaping the
future of Web3](/careers)[**Press Kit** Download our official logo and other
media assets](/press)[**Blog** Stay up-to-date on Web3 trends and
insights](/blog)[**Terms of Service** What you need to know to use our
services](/terms-of-service)[**Privacy Policy** Your privacy matters, learn
how we protect it](/privacy-policy)

[](/)

WalletFeaturesBuildSupportAbout

Language

[Download](/download)

[Home](/)  >  [Blog](/blog)  >
[Cryptocurrency](/blog?category=Cryptocurrency)  >  [How High Can the Bitcoin
Price Go?](/blog/how-high-can-the-bitcoin-price-go)

##### Cryptocurrency

# How High Can the Bitcoin Price Go?

Published on: Mar 27, 2024

##### Share post

[](https://facebook.com/trustwalletapp)[](https://github.com/trustwallet)[](https://instagram.com/trustwallet)[](https://twitter.com/trustwallet)[](https://discord.gg/trustwallet)[](https://reddit.com/r/trustapp)[](https://t.me/trustwallet)

  * **Why is Bitcoin Going Up?**
  * **An Overview of The Bitcoin Halving**
  * **Bitcoin Price Predictions in 2024**
  * **Long-term Bitcoin Price Prediction**
  * **How to Buy Bitcoin Using Trust Wallet**
  * **How to Deposit Bitcoin to Your Trust Wallet Address**

##### In Brief

Discover the potential of the Bitcoin price post-halving. Explore factors
driving its value and predictions for the future.

![How High Can the Bitcoin Price Go?](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fbitcoin_price_2e5d5709d3.png&w=3840&q=75)

With the Bitcoin halving fast approaching, the question on everyone's mind is:
how high can the [Bitcoin price](https://trustwallet.com/blog/bitcoin-price-
catalysts-beginners-guide) go? This article explores the potential future of
Bitcoin's price, exploring short-term and long-term forecasts. We'll uncover
insights and historical trends to help you understand the potential price of
the world's leading cryptocurrency.

### Before we dive

Before we dive in and explore how high the price of Bitcoin could go, it’s
important to remember that you can buy, sell, and manage Bitcoin using a
secure [crypto wallet](https://trustwallet.com/blog/crypto-wallet) like Trust
Wallet.

[![Download-Trust-Wallet-Button.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2FDownload_Trust_Wallet_Button_3b2b015a21.png&w=3840&q=75)](https://short.trustwallet.com/TW-
blog)

## Why is Bitcoin Going Up?

The question on many crypto enthusiasts minds right now is: [why is Bitcoin
going up?](https://trustwallet.com/blog/why-is-crypto-going-up) Bitcoin's
price has been on the rise in 2024, and several factors are contributing to
this upswing:

  * **The Bitcoin halving effect:** We're approaching the next Bitcoin halving. A Bitcoin halving is an event programmed into Bitcoin's code that cuts the block reward for miners in half. This reduces the rate at which new Bitcoin enters circulation, creating scarcity. Scarcity is a fundamental principle in economics, as seen with precious metals like gold, where a limited supply can drive prices up.

  * **ETF approvals:** The approval of [Spot Bitcoin Exchange Traded Funds (ETFs)](https://trustwallet.com/blog/bitcoin-spot-etf-approval-a-milestone-for-crypto) has opened the door for a wider range of investors to participate in the Bitcoin market without the complexities of directly owning the cryptocurrency. This increased accessibility brings in new money and fuels demand.

It's important to note that the cryptocurrency market remains volatile, and
Bitcoin's price can fluctuate. While these factors are contributing to the
current upswing, future trends remain uncertain.

## An Overview of The Bitcoin Halving

The [Bitcoin](https://trustwallet.com/bitcoin-wallet) halving, a significant
event in the crypto world, occurs approximately every four years and has a
profound effect on the supply and demand dynamics of Bitcoin. During a halving
event, the number of new Bitcoin created with each block mined is cut in half,
reducing the rate at which new Bitcoin enters circulation. This mechanism is
programmed into Bitcoin's protocol and serves as a key mechanism to control
its inflation rate.

The purpose of the Bitcoin halving is to ensure scarcity and limit the total
supply of Bitcoin to 21 million coins. This makes Bitcoin a deflationary asset
over time. As the supply of new Bitcoin diminishes, the scarcity of existing
coins increases, potentially leading to upward pressure on the price of
Bitcoin. With the next Bitcoin halving around the corner, what will happen to
the Bitcoin price?

![bitcoin-price-1.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fbitcoin_price_1_8c3c857599.png&w=3840&q=75)

## Bitcoin Price Predictions in 2024

With the Bitcoin halving looming, the industry is buzzing with predictions for
the [Bitcoin price](https://trustwallet.com/blog/understanding-major-bitcoin-
price-movements-a-beginners-guide) in 2024. Here's a breakdown of what we can
expect:

### Analyst Predictions

Forecasts for Bitcoin's price in 2024 vary widely, reflecting the uncertainty
in the market. Some analysts predict a significant surge, reaching as high as
$100,000 or even $120,000 by the end of the year. Others offer more
conservative estimates, suggesting a climb to the $80,000 range.

### Factors Influencing Bitcoin Price Predictions

These diverse predictions hinge on various factors, including the actual
effects of the halving on supply and demand, the pace of institutional
adoption, regulatory developments, and overall market sentiment.

### Historical Performance

While historical performance isn't a guarantee of future outcomes, it can
offer some insights. Following previous halving events, Bitcoin's price
usually experiences significant increases. The timing of these surges has
previously only occurred after the halving date. This year, however, seems to
be different. The Bitcoin price has rallied before the Bitcoin halving has
occurred. Whether the Bitcoin price will continue to rally after the 2024
halving remains a mystery.

Overall, 2024 presents an exciting year for Bitcoin's price. The halving and
other contributing factors could lead to significant increases. It is,
however, crucial to remember the inherent volatility and the importance of
thorough research before making any decisions.

![bitcoin-price-5.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fbitcoin_price_5_7f7f3f8948.png&w=3840&q=75)

## Long-term Bitcoin Price Prediction

Gazing into the next decade or two of Bitcoin's price is an exercise in
educated speculation. While predicting the future is impossible, we can
explore some factors that might influence Bitcoin's long-term trajectory.

The finite supply of Bitcoin, capped at 21 million coins, serves as a
fundamental driver of its long-term value proposition. As adoption and demand
for Bitcoin continue to grow globally, the scarcity of this digital asset is
likely to exert upward pressure on its price over time.

Additionally, ongoing technological advancements, regulatory developments, and
institutional adoption are expected to play significant roles in shaping
Bitcoin's future trajectory over the next decade.

Moreover, the macroeconomic landscape and geopolitical factors may also
influence Bitcoin's long-term price dynamics. In times of economic
uncertainty, political instability, or currency devaluation, Bitcoin's
decentralized and censorship-resistant properties may attract investors
seeking alternative assets to hedge against inflation and preserve wealth.

### Bitcoin Price Predictions for 2030

While it's challenging to predict the precise price of Bitcoin in the distant
future, many analysts and experts remain bullish on its long-term prospects.
Price predictions for 2030 range from conservative estimates of around
$160,000, to more optimistic predictions of over $1 million.

Remember, while long-term price predictions can be enticing, it’s important to
always do your own thorough research. You can consider factors like the
continued development of the Bitcoin blockchain, its role as a potential hedge
against inflation, and its ability to overcome challenges like security risks
and environmental concerns.

## How to Buy Bitcoin Using Trust Wallet

You can buy crypto, including Bitcoin, using Trust Wallet, via our trusted
partners. Here’s how:

  * Select “Buy” from the home screen.

  * Search for “Bitcoin” or “BTC” and select it.

  * Choose the currency you want to use, then enter the amount of BTC you want to purchase.

  * Select the third party provider & payment method you’d like to use.

  * Select the Buy button and complete the remaining steps.

![bitcoin-price-2.gif](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fbitcoin_price_2_1bb24c458b.gif&w=3840&q=75)

## How to Deposit Bitcoin to Your Trust Wallet Address

In addition to buying BTC directly using Trust Wallet, you can also deposit
BTC from another crypto wallet or from a centralized exchange. Here’s how:

  * Select “Receive” from the home screen.

  * Search for “Bitcoin” or “BTC” and select it.

From here you have two options. You can either:

  1. Copy your deposit address and use that on your exchange account or other wallet to send funds to.

  2. Use the “Deposit from exchange” option to deposit crypto from your exchange account.

![bitcoin-price-4.gif](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fbitcoin_price_4_79b9e24ff0.gif&w=3840&q=75)

### Always Do Your Own Research (DYOR)

Crypto markets can be volatile, and Bitcoin's price can experience sharp
fluctuations. Even with the factors mentioned above, there's no guarantee of a
sustained upward trajectory throughout the year or long-term. Analyst
predictions can be valuable, but they shouldn't be the sole basis for
decisions. Conduct your own research, consider your risk tolerance, and we
encourage you to proceed with caution in this ever-evolving market.

[![Download-Trust-Wallet-Button.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2FDownload_Trust_Wallet_Button_3b2b015a21.png&w=3840&q=75)](https://short.trustwallet.com/TW-
blog)

Join the Trust Wallet community on [Telegram](https://rebrand.ly/TW-Telegram-
Announcements) Follow us on [X (formerly Twitter)](https://rebrand.ly/TW-
Twitter-Blog) [Instagram](https://rebrand.ly/TW-Insta-Blog)
[Facebook](https://rebrand.ly/TW-FB-Blog) [Reddit](https://rebrand.ly/TW-
Reddit-Blog)

> **Note:** Any cited numbers, figures, or illustrations are reported at the
> time of writing, and are subject to change.

#### Simple and convenient to use, seamless to explore

[Download Trust Wallet](/download)

##### Stay Connected:

[](https://facebook.com/trustwalletapp)[](https://github.com/trustwallet)[](https://instagram.com/trustwallet)[](https://twitter.com/trustwallet)[](https://discord.gg/trustwallet)[](https://reddit.com/r/trustapp)[](https://t.me/trustwallet)

  * **Wallet**[Mobile App](/download)[Browser Extension](/browser-extension)
  * **Features**[Buy Crypto](/buy-crypto)[Swaps](/swap)[Staking](/staking)[NFTs](/nft)[Security](/security)[SWIFT: Smart Contract Wallet](/swift)
  * **Build**[Developer Docs](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/)[Wallet Core](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/wallet-core)[Submit dApp](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-dapps)[Get assets listed](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-assets)
  * **Support**[FAQ](https://community.trustwallet.com/c/helpcenter/8)[Community Forum](https://community.trustwallet.com/)[Contact Us](https://support.trustwallet.com/en/support/home)
  * **About**[About Us](/about-us)[Careers](/careers)[Press Kit](/press)[Terms of Service](/terms-of-service)[Privacy Policy](/privacy-policy)[Blog](/blog)
  * ![A-LIGN ISO 27701](/_next/static/media/image.8354ab2c.svg)![A-LIGN ISO 27001](/_next/static/media/image.7f0b3bc9.svg)

**Download Trust Wallet**

The most trusted & secure crypto wallet.

[Download for iOS](https://apps.apple.com/app/apple-
store/id1288339409?mt=8)[Download
Extension![Chrome](/_next/static/media/raw.7dd85797.svg)](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/trust-
wallet/egjidjbpglichdcondbcbdnbeeppgdph)[Download APK](/download/apk)[Download
for Android![App
Store](/_next/image?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Fimage.5ee64b2e.png&w=256&q=75)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.wallet.crypto.trustapp)

