[](https://www.binance.com/ar/)

[شراء العملات الرقمية](https://www.binance.com/ar/crypto/buy)

[الأسواق](https://www.binance.com/ar/markets/overview)

تداول

أساسي

  * [التداول الفوريقُم بالشراء والبيع على السوق الفورية باستخدام الأدوات المُتقدّمة](https://www.binance.com/ar/trade/BTC_USDT?type=spot)
  * [التداول الاقتراضيزِد من أرباحك باستخدام الرافعة المالية](https://www.binance.com/ar/trade?type=cross)
  * [P2Pقم بشراء وبيع العملات الرقمية باستخدام التحويلات المصرفية وأكثر من 800 طريقة دفع](https://p2p.binance.com/ar)
  * [تحويل العملة والصفقات الخاصّةأسهل طريقة للتداول بجميع الأحجام](https://www.binance.com/ar/convert/BNB/USDT)

متقدم

  * [بوتات التداولتداول بذكاء باستخدام استراتيجياتنا الآلية المُتنوّعة - طريقة سهلة وسريعة وموثوقة](https://www.binance.com/ar/trading-bots)
  * [تداول النسختابع أبرز المُتداولين](https://www.binance.com/ar/copy-trading)
  * [واجهات برمجة التطبيقفرص غير محدودة في مفتاحٍ واحد](https://www.binance.com/ar/binance-api)

العقود الآجلة

  * [عقود USDⓈ-M الآجلةعقود تتم تسويتها بعملة USDT و USDC](https://www.binance.com/ar/futures)
  * [عقود COIN-M الآجلةعقود تتم تسويتها بالعملة الرقمية](https://www.binance.com/ar/delivery)
  * [الخياراتخيارات USDT ذات جانب سلبي محدود وسعر دخول معقول](https://www.binance.com/ar/eoptions)

[أرباح](https://www.binance.com/ar/earn)

[Square](https://www.binance.com/ar/square)

  * [Squareابقَ مُطلعًا على كل ما يتعلق بالعملات الرقمية](https://www.binance.com/ar/square)
  * [الأكاديمية (تعلّم واربح)اربح العملات الرقمية من خلال تعلّم البلوكشين](https://academy.binance.com/ar/learn-and-earn)
  * [المدوّنةوسّع نطاق معرفتك واطلع على أحدث الرؤى](https://www.binance.com/ar/blog)
  * [أبحاثتحليلات ورؤى مُعمّقة وغيرها من المعلومات على مستوى مؤسسي](https://www.binance.com/ar/research)

المزيد

  * [خدمات المؤسسات وVIPمنصّتك الموثوقة للأصول الرقمية لخدمات المؤسسات وعملاء VIP](https://www.binance.com/ar/vip-institutional-services)
  * [منصّة الإطلاق ومُجمّع الإطلاقاكتشف وتمتّع بالوصول إلى عمليات إطلاق الرموز المميزة الجديدة](https://launchpad.binance.com/ar)
  * [Megadropاحجز عملات BNB وأكمِل مهام Web3 للتمتّع بمُكافآت توزيع مجاني مُعززة](https://www.binance.com/ar/megadrop)
  * [مجمعات التعديناربح المزيد من المكافآت عن طريق الاتصال بالمجمع](https://pool.binance.com/ar)
  * [Payأرسِل واستلم وأنفِق العملات الرقمية](https://www.binance.com/ar/my/wallet/account/payment)
  * [قروضاحصل على قرض فوري بضمان الأصول الرقمية](https://www.binance.com/ar/loan)

  * [NFTاستكشف رموز NFT من المُبدعين حول العالم](https://www.binance.com/ar/nft/home)
  * [رمز المُشجعاكتشف جميع تجارب المُشجّعين الجديدة واحصل على تجارب مُشجّعين غير محدودة](https://www.binance.com/ar/fan-token)
  * [محفظة Web3تعرّف على الجيل التالي من محافظ Web3](https://www.binance.com/ar/web3wallet)
  * [سلسلة BNBأكثر سلسلة بلوكشين رائجة لبناء تطبيقك اللامركزي](https://www.bnbchain.org)
  * [الأعمال الخيريةتُعزز سلسلة البلوكشين المؤسسات الخيرية لتكون أكثر شفافية وكفاءة وقابلية للتتبع](https://www.binance.charity)

[تسجيل
الدخول](https://accounts.binance.com/ar/login?loginChannel=blog&return_to=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYmluYW5jZS5jb20vYXIvYmxvZy9sYXVuY2hwYWQvY2hhbmdpbmctdGhlLWdhbWUtYmluYW5jZS1sYXVuY2hwb29sLWFubm91bmNlcy1tb3JlLWZhbi10b2tlbnMtdG8tY29tZS00MjE0OTk4MjQ2ODQ5MDE0MDc%2FbGFuZz1lbg%3D%3D)[إنشاء
حساب](https://accounts.binance.com/ar/register?registerChannel=blog&return_to=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYmluYW5jZS5jb20vYXIvYmxvZy9sYXVuY2hwYWQvY2hhbmdpbmctdGhlLWdhbWUtYmluYW5jZS1sYXVuY2hwb29sLWFubm91bmNlcy1tb3JlLWZhbi10b2tlbnMtdG8tY29tZS00MjE0OTk4MjQ2ODQ5MDE0MDc%2FbGFuZz1lbg%3D%3D)

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/images/common/logo.png)

امسح لتحميل تطبيق IOS و Android

[المزيد من الخيارات
للتحميل](https://www.binance.com/ar/download?utm_source=&utm_campaign=)

##### [مدونة Binance](/blog)

هذه المقالة لا تدعم لغتك حاليًا. يوصى باستخدام مترجم آلي للغة الإنجليزية.

# Changing the Game: Binance Launchpool Announces More Fan Tokens To Come

2020-12-23

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20201223/0d99b809-296b-433b-9293-c79bc7dacd79.png)

We are happy to welcome new Fan Tokens on [Binance
Launchpool](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/421499824684900950/Everything-You-
Need-to-Know-About-Binance-Launchpool-How-to-Farm-Tokens-Calculate-APY--More)
as part of the strategic partnership with
[Chiliz](https://www.chiliz.com/en/home/) announced last week.

As part of the second phase of the collaboration, Binance Launchpool users are
able to acquire new token rewards in return for staking different tokens. New
Fan Tokens from Socios.com for farming on Binance Launchpool will be:

  * The OG Fan Token (OG) is a utility token that gives fans a tokenized share of influence on club decisions using the Socios.com application and services. The token serves as a membership key which allows them to compete for exclusive rewards, club recognition and more. Formed in 2015, OG has played a competitive part in Dota 2. The team, long dominant at the game’s highest levels, became the first and only organization to capture victory in The International twice in 2018 and 2019. Going back to back in the second largest Esports competitions across any game ever held received the world’s attention, and netted the team over $26.6 million in prize money. Now, OG’s ambitions are to create rosters in games outside of Dota 2 and continue growing. OG is a utility token built on the Chiliz Chain, a Proof-of-Authority (PoA) sidechain built on Ethereum.

  * Atlético de Madrid Football (ATM) is a utility token that gives fans a tokenized share of influence on club decisions using the Socios.com application and services. The token serves as a membership key which allows them to compete for exclusive rewards, club recognition and more. Created in 1903 and taking its modern shape in 1947 - the year the club first became known as Atletico de Madrid - the club are owners of no less than 10 La Liga titles and 10 Copa del Rey titles in their native Spain. Internationally Atletico has made themselves heard via three UEFA Europa League titles and three UEFA Super Cups as well. ATM is a utility token built on Chiliz Chain, a PoA sidechain built on Ethereum. 

  * AS Roma Football Club (ASR) Fan Tokens is a utility token that gives fans a tokenized share of influence on club decisions using the Socios.com application and services. The token serves as a membership key which allows them to compete for exclusive rewards, club recognition and more. AS Roma has been one of Italy’s more iconic competitors for more than 90 years. The club’s journey through the annals of its nations the highest league has seen AS Roma capture three Serie A titles in addition to bringing the Coppa Italia home on nine different occasions. ASR is a utility token built on Chiliz Chain, a PoA sidechain built on Ethereum.

Users will be able to stake BNB, BUSD, or CHZ tokens into separate pools,
starting from 2020/12/24 at 0:00 AM (UTC) to 2021/01/23 at 0:00 AM (UTC).
Binance will then list OG, ATM and ASR Fan Tokens in the [Innovation
Zone](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/421499824684901014/Binance-Innovation-
Zone--Listing-Updates) at 2020/12/30 6:00 AM (UTC) and open trading for
OG/BTC, OG/USDT, ATM/BTC, ATM/USDT, ASR/BTC and ASR/USDT.

Previously [Paris Saint-Germain
(PSG)](https://research.binance.com/en/projects/paris-saint-germain-fan-token)
and Italian champions [Juventus
(JUV)](https://research.binance.com/en/projects/juventus-fan-token) Fan Tokens
were allocated through the Binance Launchpool, generating interest from both
football fans and the crypto community.

“Following the success of both PSG and JUV Fan Tokens, we’re excited to add
another three partners to Binance Launchpool, and take a further step forward
in our vision to tokenize the sports and entertainment industry over the next
five to seven years. This new trend will gather pace and mark a new dawn for
sports and crypto, as more of the world’s biggest sporting properties create
their own Fan Tokens,” said Alexandre Dreyfus, CEO and Founder of Chiliz and
Socios.com. “We will be adding many more partners from the sports and
entertainment space in the near future who will partake in their industry’s
digital transformation and our wider global fan engagement and monetization
ecosystem.”

"The traditional sports and Esports industries are more actively exploring and
engaging in the world of crypto,” said Binance CEO and Founder CZ (Changpeng
Zhao). "Fan tokens have been well-received by our users, and we are happy to
work closer with Chiliz to continue providing access to them.”

Chiliz operates [Socios.com](https://www.socios.com/), a fan influence and
rewards platform, which has partnerships with some of the biggest sporting
properties in the world. Powered by the utility token $CHZ, Socios.com is one
of the most active non-financial, consumer-facing mainstream blockchain
products in the world. In just over a year it has been downloaded by more than
370,000 people, over 14 mln Fan Tokens have been sold, and over 700,000 votes
registered on the blockchain.

For more information about, read the in-depth reports on
[OG](https://research.binance.com/en/projects/og-fan-token),
[ATM](https://research.binance.com/en/projects/atm-fan-token) and
[ASR](https://research.binance.com/en/projects/asr-fan-token) fan tokens from
Binance Research.

اختار أكثر من 194,081,768 مستخدم منصتنا. اكتشف السبب اليوم.

أنشِئ حسابًا الآن

إعجاب بهذا المنشور

###### مشاركة منشور

اختار أكثر من 194,081,768 مستخدم منصتنا. اكتشف السبب اليوم.

أنشِئ حسابًا الآن

### المجتمع

[](https://discord.gg/jE4wt8g2H2)[](https://www.binance.com/ar/community)[](https://www.tiktok.com/@binance?lang=en)[](https://www.facebook.com/BinanceMENA)[](https://twitter.com/BinanceArabic)[](https://www.reddit.com/r/binance)[](https://www.instagram.com/binancemena/)[](https://coinmarketcap.com/exchanges/binance/)[](https://www.youtube.com/binanceyoutube)

التصميم

التصميم

### معلومات عنا

  * [حول](https://www.binance.com/ar/about)
  * [الوظائف](https://www.binance.com/ar/careers)
  * [الإعلانات](https://www.binance.com/ar/support/announcement)
  * [الأخبار](https://www.binance.com/ar/square/news/all)
  * [الصحافة](https://www.binance.com/ar/press)
  * [قانوني](https://www.binance.com/ar/legal/home)
  * [الشروط](https://www.binance.com/ar/terms)
  * [الخصوصية](https://www.binance.com/ar/privacy)
  * [بناء الثقة](https://www.binance.com/ar/land/building_trust)
  * [مدوّنات](https://www.binance.com/ar/blog)
  * [المجتمع](https://www.binance.com/ar/community)
  * [خريطة الموقع](https://www.binance.com/ar/country-region-selector)
  * [تحذير المخاطر](https://www.binance.com/ar/risk-warning)
  * [إشعارات](https://www.binance.com/ar/support/list/notices)

### المنتجات

  * [منصة تداول](https://www.binance.com/ar/trade)
  * [شراء العملة الرقمية](https://www.binance.com/ar/buy-sell-crypto)
  * [الرموز المرفوعة مالياً](https://www.binance.com/ar/leveraged-tokens/tokens/allTokens)
  * [Pay](https://www.binance.com/ar/my/wallet/account/payment)
  * [الأكاديمية](https://academy.binance.com/ar)
  * [Live](https://www.binance.com/ar/live)
  * [Tax](https://www.binance.com/ar/tax)
  * [بطاقة هدايا](https://www.binance.com/ar/gift-card)
  * [منصّة الإطلاق ومُجمّع الإطلاق](https://launchpad.binance.com/ar)
  * [NFT](https://www.binance.com/ar/nft/home)
  * [BABT](https://www.binance.com/ar/BABT?source=footer)
  * [أبحاث](https://www.binance.com/ar/research)
  * [الأعمال الخيرية](https://www.binance.charity)

### Business

  * [تطبيق تاجر شخص لشخص](https://c2c.binance.com/ar/merchantApplication)
  * [طلب تسجيل تاجر P2P احترافي](https://p2p.binance.com/ar/p2pro)
  * [طلب الإدراج](https://www.binance.com/ar/my/coin-apply)
  * [خدمات المؤسسات وVIP](https://www.binance.com/ar/vip-institutional-services)
  * [مختبرات](https://labs.binance.com/)

### الخدمات

  * [التحميلات](https://www.binance.com/ar/download)
  * [التطبيق المكتبي](https://www.binance.com/ar/desktop-download)
  * [Affiliate](https://www.binance.com/ar/activity/affiliate)
  * [الإحالة](https://www.binance.com/ar/activity/referral?utm_source=Lite_web_footer)
  * [التداول خارج المنصة](https://www.binance.com/ar/otc)
  * [BNB](https://www.binance.com/ar/bnb)
  * [بيانات السوق التاريخية](https://www.binance.com/ar/landing/data)
  * [إثبات الاحتياطي](https://www.binance.com/ar/proof-of-reserves)

### الدعم

  * [دعم عبر الدردشة 24/7](https://www.binance.com/ar/chat?sourceEntry=4)
  * [مركز الدعم](https://www.binance.com/ar/support)
  * [مُلاحظات واقتراحات المُنتج](https://www.binance.com/ar/my/user-support/feedback/entry)
  * [الرسوم](https://www.binance.com/ar/fee/schedule)
  * [APIs](https://www.binance.com/ar/binance-api)
  * [تحقق Binance](https://www.binance.com/ar/official-verification)
  * [قواعد التداول](https://www.binance.com/ar/trade-rule)
  * [بوابة Binance للتوزيعات المجانية](https://www.binance.com/ar/airdrop)
  * [طلبات إنفاذ القانون](https://www.binance.com/ar/support/law-enforcement)

### تعلم

  * [تعلّم واربح](https://academy.binance.com/ar/learn-and-earn)
  * [تصفّح أسعار العملات الرقمية](https://www.binance.com/ar/price)
  * [سعر البيتكوين](https://www.binance.com/ar/price/bitcoin)
  * [سعر Ethereum](https://www.binance.com/ar/price/ethereum)
  * [تصفّح تنبؤات أسعار العملات الرقمية](https://www.binance.com/ar/price-prediction)
  * [تنبؤ سعر بيتكوين](https://www.binance.com/ar/price-prediction/bitcoin)
  * [تنبؤ سعر Ethereum](https://www.binance.com/ar/price-prediction/ethereum)
  * [شراء بتكوين](https://www.binance.com/ar/how-to-buy/bitcoin)
  * [اشتري BNB](https://www.binance.com/ar/how-to-buy/bnb)
  * [شراء Ripple](https://www.binance.com/ar/how-to-buy/xrp)
  * [اشتري Dogecoin](https://www.binance.com/ar/how-to-buy/dogecoin)
  * [شراء Ethereum](https://www.binance.com/ar/how-to-buy/ethereum)
  * [شراء العملات الرقمية البديلة القابلة للتداول](https://www.binance.com/ar/altcoins/tradable)

Binance© 2024تفضيلات ملفات تعريف الارتباط

