[](https://www.binance.com/en)

[Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/crypto/buy)

[Markets](https://www.binance.com/en/markets/overview)

Trade

Basic

  * [SpotBuy and sell on the Spot market with advanced tools](https://www.binance.com/en/trade/BTC_USDT?type=spot)
  * [MarginIncrease your profits with leverage](https://www.binance.com/en/trade?type=cross)
  * [P2PBuy & sell cryptocurrencies using bank transfer and 800+ options](https://p2p.binance.com/en)
  * [Convert & Block TradeThe easiest way to trade at all sizes](https://www.binance.com/en/convert)

Advanced

  * [Trading BotsTrade smarter with our various automated strategies - easy, fast and reliable](https://www.binance.com/en/trading-bots)
  * [Copy TradingFollow the most popular traders](https://www.binance.com/en/copy-trading)
  * [APIsUnlimited opportunities with one key](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-api)

[Futures](https://www.binance.com/en/futures/home)

  * [USDⓈ-M FuturesContracts settled in USDT and USDC](https://www.binance.com/en/futures)
  * [COIN-M FuturesContracts settled in cryptocurrency](https://www.binance.com/en/delivery)
  * [OptionsUSDT Options with limited downside and affordable entry](https://www.binance.com/en/eoptions)

[Earn](https://www.binance.com/en/earn)

[Square](https://www.binance.com/en/square)

  * [SquareStay informed with everything crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/square)
  * [Academy (Learn & Earn)Earn crypto by learning about blockchain](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn)
  * [BlogExpand your knowledge and get the latest insights](https://www.binance.com/en/blog)
  * [ResearchInstitutional-grade analysis, in-depth insights, and more](https://www.binance.com/en/research)

More

  * [VIP & InstitutionalYour trusted digital asset platform for VIPs and institutions](https://www.binance.com/en/vip-institutional-services)
  * [Launchpad & LaunchpoolDiscover and gain access to new token launches](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)
  * [MegadropLock your BNB and complete Web3 quests for boosted airdrop rewards](https://www.binance.com/en/megadrop)
  * [Mining PoolMine more rewards by connecting to the pool](https://pool.binance.com/en)
  * [PaySend, receive and spend crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/payment)
  * [LoansGet an instant loan secured by crypto assets](https://www.binance.com/en/loan)

  * [NFTExplore NFTs from creators worldwide](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/home)
  * [Fan TokenDiscover an all-new fandom and unlock unlimited fan experiences](https://www.binance.com/en/fan-token)
  * [Web3 WalletMeet the next-generation Web3 wallet](https://www.binance.com/en/web3wallet)
  * [BNB ChainThe most popular blockchain to build your own dApp](https://www.bnbchain.org)
  * [CharityBlockchain empowers charity to be more transparent, efficient, and traceable](https://www.binance.charity)

[Log
In](https://accounts.binance.com/en/login?loginChannel=blog&return_to=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYmluYW5jZS5jb20vZW4vYmxvZy9sb2Fucy9jcnlwdG8tbG9hbnMtaG93LXRvLWJvcnJvdy1jcnlwdG9jdXJyZW5jaWVzLTQyMTQ5OTgyNDY4NDkwMjQwOT9sYW5nPWVu)[Sign
Up](https://accounts.binance.com/en/register?registerChannel=blog&return_to=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYmluYW5jZS5jb20vZW4vYmxvZy9sb2Fucy9jcnlwdG8tbG9hbnMtaG93LXRvLWJvcnJvdy1jcnlwdG9jdXJyZW5jaWVzLTQyMTQ5OTgyNDY4NDkwMjQwOT9sYW5nPWVu)

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/images/common/logo.png)

Scan to Download App IOS & Android

[More Download
Options](https://www.binance.com/en/download?utm_source=&utm_campaign=)

##### [Binance Blog](/blog)

# Crypto Loans: How to Borrow Cryptocurrencies?

2021-07-26

## Key Takeaways:

  * Users can use Binance Loans to borrow up to 65% of their collateral value and use these funds anywhere. 

  * The main appeal for CeFi lending platforms is that they provide better security and are often backed by a reputable exchange, like Binance Futures. 

  * Bitcoin loans can be acquired nearly instantly, making your crypto assets extremely liquid and convertible, to capitalize on market opportunities. 

_If you own cryptocurrencies such as Bitcoin, Ethereum,
or_[BUSD](https://www.binance.com/en/busd) _, you’ve probably heard of
investment options outside of spot trading such as futures or margin trading.
These options can also be risky if not traded strategically and with care, but
there is another option that traders can consider that uses more traditional
mechanisms to help investors make more out of their assets.  _

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20220610/b974b415-e37e-4923-b681-f1f77cf49474.png)

During period of stagnantion, holding BTC or any other cryptocurrency can be
difficult especially when funds are needed. Traders usually don’t want to
liquidate their assets for the sake of hodling, and also to avoid triggering a
taxable event. So to have access to more capital, an option is to open a
crypto loan.

In the world of crypto loans, traders can choose between centralized and
decentralized routes. But before we get to that, let’s define what a crypto
loan is.

## What Are Crypto Loans?

The fundamentals of crypto loans are very similar to traditional loans. One
key factor where they differ lies in how the funds are accounted for.

With traditional loans, banks or other institutions use credit scores to
calculate the amount of risk they can invest into a borrower. With crypto
loans, credit scores are totally unnecessary because traders can use their
crypto assets as collateral for the lender to hold until the loan is paid
back.

Aside from this difference, the mechanisms behind the loan are similar in a
technical sense. Crypto loans generally collect interest hourly, instead of
monthly. Also, the terms for loans can be shorter than traditional loans.

With crypto loans, traders can borrow from 7 to 180 days on platforms such as
[Binance Loans](https://www.binance.com/en/loan).

The reason crypto loans operate on such a shorter time scale is that
cryptocurrencies are much more volatile than traditional currencies, making
them riskier for the lender and borrower. Should a cryptocurrency drop
drastically in value, the collateral a lender took on could become worth much
less than what was borrowed. Thus, hourly rates and shorter borrowing terms
are applied.

## Uses for Crypto Loans

There are a few reasons why a crypto loan may be attractive to investors.
Traders often don’t want to liquidate their assets, and when funds are needed,
it is useful to have the option to open a loan.

Another common use for a crypto loan would be to receive interest on assets.
For instance, traders can use BTC as collateral to acquire a loan in BUSD,
USDT or any other stablecoin. The collateral will likely be worth more than
the loan itself, but once the loan is repaid including interest, the
collateral is returned. At this point, the BTC may have appreciated, leaving
the borrower with a profit.

Additionally, market participants prefer  crypto loans rather than traditional
loans because of the speed at which funds can be acquired. BTC loans can be
acquired nearly instantly, making your crypto assets extremely liquid and
convertible, to capitalize on market opportunities quickly and easily.

Centralized (CeFi) options require KYC, and users must follow regulations. The
main appeal for CeFi platforms is that they provide better security and are
often backed by a reputable exchange, like Binance Futures. CeFi Platforms
often protect crypto assets with insurance or through the use of cold storage.

On the other hand, decentralized (DeFi) options offer similar functions, but
usually, interest rates don’t compare to what’s available through CeFi
platforms. DeFi does not require personal identification and can be accessed
at any time. However, users must bear the risk of smart contract hacks such as
flash loan attacks.

Both CeFi and DeFi options are entirely transparent and resolve on a
blockchain. Also, they both usually offer users the ability to create savings
accounts with them.

## How to Borrow Crypto on Binance Futures?

Borrowing cryptocurrencies is much simpler than borrowing from a traditional
financial institution. In fact, anybody can open a crypto loan even if they
have no financial history.

 On Binance Futures, anyone can borrow a loan, as long as they are a
registered user. Also, they are able to borrow various types of cryptos such
as BTC, ETH, BNB, USDT, and BUSD. A full list of available assets for
borrowing and collateral purposes can be found
[here](https://www.binance.com/en/loan/data).

Once the user has decided which assets they would like to borrow and how they
will supply their collateral, they must then determine the length of the loan
term (7-180 days). Depending on the amount of collateral, the platform will
automatically determine the hourly interest rate to be applied. Interest rates
are usually lower than traditional loan rates because of the collateral.

Through Binance Loans, users can borrow up to 65% of the value of their
collateral and loaned funds can be used anywhere.

## How to Repay Crypto Loans

Repaying the loan is simple enough. Borrowers that use Binance Futures are
required to manually repay the loan via the [Order
Page](https://www.binance.com/en/my/loan/order).

It is important to know that interest is required to be repaid before the
principal, such that the borrower doesn’t need to repay the entire principal
in one payment. In the case that a borrower can repay early, and the entire
amount of principal is paid back, the interest is then charged in accordance
with the length in time (hours borrowed) of the loan. Users don’tincur an
early repayment fee.

[![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20220610/129f10a5-0950-4907-be77-5eb16692edc3.png)](https://www.binance.com/en/loan?utm_source=futures&utm_medium=blog&utm_campaign=binance_loans+)

## Factors to Consider When Borrowing Cryptocurrencies on Binance Futures

There are two main factors that you must consider when borrowing
cryptocurrencies.

  * **Loan-to-Value (LTV) Ratio -** LVT Ratio is a calculation that tells investors the actual value of their loan as compared to the value of their collateral. This is calculated using index price, which is not the same between coins. Thus, if any two coins were used as collateral of equal value, the LTV would differ between the collateral options. 

  * **Liquidation -** Liquidation occurs when a borrower does not repay their loan, even after they are given an extra amount of time from the original due date. If the principal cannot be met, the original collateral is liquidated to cover the loan. A liquidation fee is also incurred from the total borrowed amount (set at 2% on Binance Futures). 

## Final Thoughts

If you’re looking to utilize funds beyond your own means, or need to have
‘fast cash’ but don’t want to liquidate your crypto assets, a crypto loan can
work nicely for you.

With numerous options in cryptocurrencies to borrow and count as collateral,
the ability to trade has grown even wider. And since you don’t need to have a
credit score to apply for a crypto loan, anyone with crypto-assets can open a
loan at will. Not only this, but they can choose how they wish to borrow.

DeFi options allow users to borrow quickly and without peer-to-peer
interaction. Instead, the loan is completed by a code or a smart contract.

Centralized options provide users with customer service interactions,
insurance for funds, and usually higher return rates for their customers. More
personal information is required by these options as well.

Binance Futures offers incredibly competitive rates, LTV, and a wide selection
of cryptos to work with. To get started with crypto loans, create an account
on [Binance](https://www.binance.com/), and experiment to find what works for
you!

Read the following helpful articles for more information about crypto loans on
Binance Futures:

  
  

  * (Blog) [How To Borrow Crypto on Binance Margin And Loans](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/markets/how-to-borrow-crypto-on-binance-margin-and-loans-421499824684903083)

  * (Blog) [Is it Possible to Get a Crypto Loan Without Collateral?](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/loans/is-it-possible-to-get-a-crypto-loan-without-collateral-421499824684903679)

  * (Blog) [Crypto Loans: How to Borrow Cryptocurrencies?](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/loans/crypto-loans-how-to-borrow-cryptocurrencies-421499824684902409)

  * (Support) [How to use Binance Loans](https://www.binance.com/en/support/faq/360041278132)

  * (Support) [What Is Binance Crypto Loans and Frequently Asked Questions?](https://www.binance.com/en/support/faq/360041277432)

  * And many more [Binance FAQ](https://www.binance.com/en/support/faq) topics...

[![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20220610/4811c268-3747-42ef-a30a-6cf0b8c25234.png)](https://www.binance.com/en/futures)

_**Disclaimer:**__Crypto assets are volatile products with a high risk of
losing money quickly. Prices can fluctuate significantly on any given day. Due
to these price fluctuations, your holdings may significantly increase or
decrease in value at any given moment, which can result in a loss of all the
capital you have invested in a transaction._

_Therefore, you should not trade or invest money you cannot afford to lose. It
is crucial that you fully understand the risks involved before deciding to
trade with us in light of your financial resources, level of experience, and
risk appetite. If required, you should seek advice from an independent
financial advisor. The actual returns and losses experienced by you will vary
depending on many factors, including, but not limited to, market behavior,
market movement, and your trade size. Past performance is not a guide to
future performance. The value of your investments may go up or down. Learn
more_[here](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-futures-services-agreement) _.
_

194,982,751 users chose us. Find out why today.

Register Now

Like this post

###### Share Post

Article Outlines

Crypto Loans: How to Borrow Cryptocurrencies?

Key Takeaways:

What Are Crypto Loans?

Uses for Crypto Loans

How to Borrow Crypto on Binance Futures?

How to Repay Crypto Loans

Factors to Consider When Borrowing Cryptocurrencies on Binance Futures

Final Thoughts

194,982,751 users chose us. Find out why today.

Register Now

### Community

[](https://discord.gg/jE4wt8g2H2)[](https://www.binance.com/en/community)[](https://www.tiktok.com/@binance?lang=en)[](https://www.facebook.com/binance)[](https://twitter.com/binance)[](https://www.reddit.com/r/binance)[](https://www.instagram.com/Binance/)[](https://coinmarketcap.com/exchanges/binance/)[](https://www.youtube.com/binanceyoutube)[](https://www.binance.com/en/community)

English

English

العربية

العربية (البحرين)

български

Čeština

Dansk

Deutsch (Schweiz)

Ελληνικά

English (UAE)

English (Australia)

English (Bahrain)

English (India)

English (Japan)

English (Kazakhstan)

English (Nigeria)

English (New Zealand)

English (South Africa)

Español (España)

Español (Argentina)

Español (Latinoamérica)

Español (México)

Français

Français (Afrique)

magyar nyelv

Bahasa Indonesia

Italiano

日本語

Қазақша (Қазақстан)

Қазақша

ລາວ

latviešu valoda

Polski

Português

Português (Brasil)

Română

Русский

Русский (Казахстан)

Русский (Украина)

සිංහල

Slovenčina

Slovenščina

Svenska

Türkçe

Українська

Tiếng Việt

简体中文

繁體中文

USD-$

USD-$

AED-د.إ

ARS-ARS$

AUD-A$

BDT-৳

BGN-лв

BHD-.د.ب

BOB-$b

BRL-R$

CAD-C$

CHF-CHF

CNY-¥

COP-COL$

CZK-Kč

DKK-KR

EGP-E£

EUR-€

GBP-£

HKD-HKD

HRK-kn

HUF-Ft

IDR-Rp

INR-₹

JPY-¥

KES-KSh

KWD-ك.د

KZT-₸

MAD-م.د.

MNT-₮

MXN-Mex$

NZD-NZ$

OMR-ر.ع.

PEN-S/.

PHP-₱

PKR-₨

PLN-zł

QAR-ر.ق

RON-lei

RUB-₽

SAR-ر.س

SEK-kr

THB-฿

TRY-₺

TWD-NT$

UAH-₴

UGX-USh

VES-Bs

VND-₫

ZAR-R

Theme

English

USD

Theme

### About Us

  * [About](https://www.binance.com/en/about)
  * [Careers](https://www.binance.com/en/careers)
  * [Announcements](https://www.binance.com/en/support/announcement)
  * [News](https://www.binance.com/en/square/news/all)
  * [Press](https://www.binance.com/en/press)
  * [Legal](https://www.binance.com/en/legal/home)
  * [Terms](https://www.binance.com/en/terms)
  * [Privacy](https://www.binance.com/en/about-legal/privacy-portal)
  * [Building Trust](https://www.binance.com/en/land/building_trust)
  * [Blog](https://www.binance.com/en/blog)
  * [Community](https://www.binance.com/en/community)
  * [Sitemap](https://www.binance.com/en/country-region-selector)
  * [Risk Warning](https://www.binance.com/en/risk-warning)
  * [Notices](https://www.binance.com/en/support/list/notices)
  * [Downloads](https://www.binance.com/en/download)
  * [Desktop Application](https://www.binance.com/en/desktop-download)

### Products

  * [Exchange](https://www.binance.com/en/trade)
  * [Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/buy-sell-crypto)
  * [Leveraged Tokens](https://www.binance.com/en/leveraged-tokens/tokens/allTokens)
  * [TradingView](https://www.binance.com/en/land/tradingview)
  * [Pay](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/payment)
  * [Academy](https://academy.binance.com/en)
  * [Live](https://www.binance.com/en/live)
  * [Tax](https://www.binance.com/en/tax)
  * [Gift Card](https://www.binance.com/en/gift-card)
  * [Launchpad & Launchpool](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)
  * [Auto-Invest](https://www.binance.com/en/auto-invest)
  * [ETH Staking](https://www.binance.com/en/eth2)
  * [NFT](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/home)
  * [BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/bnb)
  * [BABT](https://www.binance.com/en/BABT?source=footer)
  * [Research](https://www.binance.com/en/research)
  * [Charity](https://www.binance.charity)

### Business

  * [P2P Merchant Application](https://c2c.binance.com/en/merchantApplication)
  * [P2Pro Merchant Application](https://p2p.binance.com/en/p2pro)
  * [Listing Application](https://www.binance.com/en/my/coin-apply)
  * [Institutional & VIP Services](https://www.binance.com/en/vip-institutional-services)
  * [Labs](https://labs.binance.com/)

### Learn

  * [Learn & Earn](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn)
  * [Browse Crypto Prices](https://www.binance.com/en/price)
  * [Bitcoin Price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/bitcoin)
  * [Ethereum Price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/ethereum)
  * [Browse Crypto Price Predictions](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction)
  * [Bitcoin Price Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction/bitcoin)
  * [Ethereum Price Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction/ethereum)
  * [Buy Bitcoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bitcoin)
  * [Buy BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bnb)
  * [Buy Ripple](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/xrp)
  * [Buy Dogecoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/dogecoin)
  * [Buy Ethereum](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/ethereum)
  * [Buy Tradable Altcoins](https://www.binance.com/en/altcoins/tradable)

### Service

  * [Affiliate](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/affiliate)
  * [Referral](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/referral?utm_source=Lite_web_footer)
  * [OTC Trading](https://www.binance.com/en/otc)
  * [Historical Market Data](https://www.binance.com/en/landing/data)
  * [Proof of Reserves](https://www.binance.com/en/proof-of-reserves)

### Support

  * [24/7 Chat Support](https://www.binance.com/en/chat?sourceEntry=4)
  * [Support Center](https://www.binance.com/en/support)
  * [Product Feedback & Suggestions](https://www.binance.com/en/my/user-support/feedback/entry)
  * [Fees](https://www.binance.com/en/fee/schedule)
  * [APIs](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-api)
  * [Binance Verify](https://www.binance.com/en/official-verification)
  * [Trading Rules](https://www.binance.com/en/trade-rule)
  * [Binance Airdrop Portal](https://www.binance.com/en/airdrop)
  * [Law Enforcement Requests](https://www.binance.com/en/support/law-enforcement)

Binance© 2024Cookie Preferences

