Metaco.com will be sunset as of June 7, 2024

[Learn more](https://ripple.com/solutions/digital-asset-custody/ "Learn more")

Skip to main content

[![Metaco](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/logo.svg?x88149)![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/logo-w.svg?x88149)](https://www.metaco.com)

  * Solutions __

__Solutions

Solutions

    * [__Global Custodians Build tomorrow's market infrastructure ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/global-custodians-top-tier-banks/)
    * [__Universal Banks Satisfy demand for new asset classes ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/universal-banks/)
    * [__Neobanks & FintechsFind new routes to monetization ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/neobanks-fintechs/)
    * [__Regulated Exchanges Grow volumes and profit margins ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/regulated-exchanges/)
    * [__Corporates Boost customer loyalty and engagement ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/corporates/)

  * Platform __

__Platform

Platform

Deploy ambitious digital asset use cases with the most secure and versatile
infrastructure.

    * [__Harmonize™ Platform Overview Issue, store, trade, transfer, settle and service any type of digital asset. ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/harmonize/)
    * [__Custody Hot, warm and institutional cold storage ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/custody/)
    * [__Trading Powerful order execution, funding and settlement ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/trading/)
    * [__Web3 Web3 Portal spanning NFTs, DeFi and DApps ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/web3/)
    * [__Governance Entirely customizable risk and compliance controls ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/governance/)
    * [__Orchestration A single source of truth for managing all digital assets ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/orchestration/)
    * [__Tokenization Asset-agnostic smart contract management framework ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/tokenization/)
    * [__Integration Fully integrable platform following enterprise standards ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/integration/)
    * [__Security Highest protection against insider and external threats ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/security/)

  * Company __

__Company

Company

    * [__About](https://www.metaco.com/company/about/)
    * [__Media & news](https://www.metaco.com/company/media-coverage-press-releases/)
    * [__Careers](https://www.metaco.com/careers/)

  * Resources __

__Resources

Resources

    * [__Talks](https://www.metaco.com/resources/talks/)
    * [__Webinars](https://www.metaco.com/resources/webinars/)
    * [__Case studies](https://www.metaco.com/resources/case-studies/)
    * [__Reports](https://www.metaco.com/resources/reports/)
    * [__Blog](https://www.metaco.com/resources/blog/)

[Contact](https://www.metaco.com/contact/ "Contact")

# Privacy Policy

### **About this privacy statement**

This privacy statement informs you about the type of personal data that is
collected and received through our website www.metaco.com (“website”) and
about how we use, retain, share and protect such personal data.

### Who we are?

We are Metaco SA (“Metaco”, “we”, or “us”), a Swiss company registered at
Avenue de Tivoli 2, 1014 Lausanne, Switzerland. We are the data controller
responsible for the processing of personal data through the website.

### How we obtain personal data?

We collect and receive personal data through the website. Personal data means
any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person. We
collect and retain personal data that you choose to voluntarily provide to us
for your use of the website.

### How we use cookies?

In addition, we collect certain personal data by using cookies when you visit
the website, including similar technologies such as local storage.

Cookies are bits of text (in general made of numbers and letters) that are
placed on your computer’s hard drive or mobile device when you visit the
website.

Cookies hold information that may be accessible by a party that places the
cookie, which can be either the website itself (first party cookie) or a third
party (third party cookies).

Most current browsers will inform you how to prevent accepting new cookies,
how to be notified when you receive new cookies and how to control, disable or
delete already existing cookies. By selecting the appropriate setting on your
browser, you may have control over cookies and can refuse the use of cookies.
However, please note that by non-accepting, the deactivation or deletion of
cookies may limit the full functionality of the website.

#### We use cookies on the website for the following purposes:

  * To collect statistical data, to analyze the use of the website by our users, e.g. which pages are visited, how long the pages were visited and how long the visitors of our website move from page to page.
  * For authentication (i.e. to keep you logged in between sessions). The information collected by using local storage is stored in your browser and is preserved even after you close your browser.
  * For the purposes stated we use Google Analytics as well as Google Ads. Google Analytics is a web analytics service provided by Google Inc. (“Google”) that uses cookies to analyze the use of the website. Google Ads helps increase traffic to the company’s webpage. Metaco uses Social Media Tracking Pixels (e.g. LinkedIn Insight Tag) as well as marketing automation tools (e.g. Pardot).

The information generated by the cookies about your use of the website (such
as your IP address, the URL visited, the date and the time of your visit) is
transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States or another
country in which Google maintains facilities. Your IP address is masked by
setting the last octet of your IP address to zero before it is saved by
Google. Google will use this data to monitor your usage of our website and to
generate reports on website activity for us.

For more information, you can visit our [Cookie
Policy](https://www.metaco.com/cookie-policy/).

### The types of personal data we may obtain

We may collect and receive the following personal information from you:  
Name and contact information (e.g. name, address, email, username, phone
numbers); account details (e.g. your username and password), information on
your use of the website, personal data which may be included in comments
posted by you on a website, personal data of individuals you wish to share
your uploaded content with (names and email addresses), traffic data (such as
how you use the internet).

If required under applicable law or if necessary for the purposes listed
below, we may collect and store other types of personal data. We will inform
you and ensure that there is a valid legal basis for doing so.

### How we may use personal data

We also may use the personal data we collect and receive for the following
purposes:

  * to create an account for your use of the site; to operate our site and provide the services you have requested, including but not limited to our interactive services you use;
  * to respond to your enquiries;
  * to collect statistical data, to analyze the use of the website by our users, e.g. which pages are visited, how long the pages were visited and how long the visitors of our website move from page to page;
  * to contact you, e.g. by sending personalized emails, newsletters or targeted ad campaigns about our products and services;
  * to ensure the security of our business, prevent or detect fraud or abuses of our website;
  * to verify compliance with applicable legal requirements and our policies.

### How we may share personal data

We may share the personal data we collect and receive on a need to know basis
with the following third parties:

  * other affiliates of Metaco, subsidiaries or its agents;
  * third parties that perform or provide services for us;
  * other users of the platform if you choose to share your messages;
  * competent public authorities or other third parties, if required by law or necessary to protect the rights, property and safety of our company or others.

We may also disclose or transfer your personal data on a need to know basis if
we sell or transfer all or a portion of our business or assets. Should such a
sale or transfer occur, we will use reasonable efforts to direct the
transferee to use personal data you have provided to us in a manner that is
consistent with applicable laws and this privacy statement. We do not sell,
rent or trade your personal data.

### Registration

In order to use certain parts of this website, you might have to first
complete certain registration processes / contact sharing processes. During
the registration process you may be required to give certain information (such
as name and email address). This information may be used to maintain a
personalized contact with you about the products/services on our site in which
you have expressed interest. At your choice, you may also provide additional
information about yourself, but it is not required.

### Data transfers outside the EEA

The personal data that we obtain may be transferred to third parties in
countries outside of Switzerland or the European Economic Area (EEA). The laws
in those countries may not offer an adequate level of data protection.
Personal data may be transferred to jurisdictions like Australia, Singapore,
Hong Kong, United Arab Emirates, Saudi Arabia and United States of America,
among others.

When we transfer your personal data outside the EEA, we will protect your
personal data as described in this privacy statement and in accordance with
applicable laws, such as by entering into the European Commission’s Standard
Contractual Clauses for the transfer of personal data to a processor located
outside of the EEA.

### Links

Our websites may contain links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not
responsible for the privacy practices or the content of websites other than
ours. We encourage our users to read the privacy statements of any other site
that collects personally identifiable information when they leave our website.
The user’s data protection and privacy rights under these third-party
platforms are subject to their respective privacy policies.

### How we protect personal data

Appropriate technical and organizational security safeguards designed to
protect your personal information are in place, designed to protect your
personal data against accidental, unlawful, or unauthorized destruction, loss,
alteration, access, disclosure, or use. However, due the inherent open nature
of the Internet, Metaco cannot guarantee that communications between a user
and our company or your personal information stored is secure. In accordance
with applicable law, we will notify you of any data breach that is likely to
have unfavorable consequences.

### How long we retain personal data

We retain personal data for as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes for
which we collect or receive the personal data, except if required otherwise by
applicable law. Typically, we will retain most of the personal data for the
duration of your use of the website, until you removed your account plus an
additional 90 days as a maximum, unless a longer applicable statutory
retention period applies.

### Your rights

You have the following rights in relation to your personal information and
data stored with us:

  * the right to obtain, at reasonable intervals and free of charge, information on whether your personal data is being processed and to receive the personal data that is being processed in an intelligible form;
  * the right to rectify, block or erase your personal data if the data is incorrect, incomplete, inaccurate, irrelevant, outdated or processed in violation of the law;
  * the right to object on legitimate grounds to the processing of your personal data. Please contact us using our contact information stated below to exercise these rights;
  * to exercise these rights, please contact us using our contact details set out below. We may request you to provide a proof of identification.

### Updates to this privacy statement

We may update this privacy statement anytime. We encourage you to periodically
review this privacy statement to be informed of how we use your information.

### How to contact us

To update your Cookie Preferences, or if you have questions or comments about
the information in this privacy statement, if you would like us to update your
personal information, or if you want to exercise your rights, please contact
us via email at info@metaco.com

![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/footer.png?x88149)

[![Metaco](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/logo-w.svg?x88149)](https://www.metaco.com)

  * [Solutions](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/)
    * [Global Custodians](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/global-custodians-top-tier-banks/)
    * [Universal Banks](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/universal-banks/)
    * [Neobanks & Fintechs](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/neobanks-fintechs/)
    * [Regulated Exchanges](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/regulated-exchanges/)
    * [Corporates](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/corporates/)
  * [Platform](https://www.metaco.com/platform/)
    * [Harmonize™](https://www.metaco.com/platform/harmonize/)
    * [Custody](https://www.metaco.com/platform/custody/)
    * [Trading](https://www.metaco.com/platform/trading/)
    * [Web3](https://www.metaco.com/platform/web3/)
    * [Governance](https://www.metaco.com/platform/governance/)
    * [Orchestration](https://www.metaco.com/platform/orchestration/)
    * [Tokenization](https://www.metaco.com/platform/tokenization/)
    * [Integration](https://www.metaco.com/platform/integration/)
    * [Security](https://www.metaco.com/platform/security/)
  * [Company](https://www.metaco.com/company/media-coverage-press-releases/)
    * [About](https://www.metaco.com/company/about/)
    * [Media & news](https://www.metaco.com/company/media-coverage-press-releases/)
    * [Jobs](https://www.metaco.com/jobs/)
  * [Resources](https://www.metaco.com/resources/)
    * [Talks](https://www.metaco.com/resources/talks/)
    * [Webinars](https://www.metaco.com/resources/webinars/)
    * [Case studies](https://www.metaco.com/resources/case-studies/)
    * [Reports](https://www.metaco.com/resources/reports/)
    * [Blog](https://www.metaco.com/resources/blog/)

![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/10/sco2.png?x88149)![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/10/iso27001.png?x88149)

  * [__](https://www.twitter.com/metaco_sa "Twitter: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")
  * [__](https://www.linkedin.com/company/metaco-ag/ "Linkedin: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")
  * [__](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC4MLOKnJD9bXfHVXMnHM7ow "Youtube: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")
  * [__](https://open.spotify.com/show/0IiI7iftR3F3RqinfJbpRT "Spotify: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")

© 2015-2024 - Metaco SA - All Rights Reserved |[ Terms & Conditions](https://www.metaco.com/terms-conditions/) | [Privacy Policy](https://www.metaco.com/privacy-policy/) | [Cookie policy](https://www.metaco.com/cookie-policy/)

