  * **Wallet**[**Mobile App** The world of Web3 in your pocket](/download)[**Browser Extension** An optimized Web3 experience for desktop](/browser-extension)
  * **Features**[**Swaps** Swap securely and seamlessly](/swap)[**Staking** Earn crypto rewards while securing networks](/staking)[**NFTs** Explore the world of NFTs](/nft)[**Security** Learn how we keep your assets & Web3 journey safe](/security)[**Buy Crypto** Buy crypto in under five minutes](/buy-crypto)[**SWIFT: Smart Contract Wallet** Explore Web3 easily with account abstraction features](/swift)
  * **Build**[**Developer Docs** Get guides for building powerful Web3 applications](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/)[**Wallet Core** Open-source, mobile-focused crypto wallet library](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/wallet-core)[**Submit dApp** Get your dApp in front of millions](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-dapps)[**Get assets listed** Elevate your asset’s exposure](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-assets)
  * **Support**[**FAQ** Get answers to your most pressing questions](https://community.trustwallet.com/c/helpcenter/8)[**Community Forum** Connect with our vibrant and diverse community](https://community.trustwallet.com/)[**Contact Us** Reach out for personalized support](https://support.trustwallet.com/en/support/home)
  * **About**[**About Us** Discover who we are and what drives us](/about-us)[**Careers** Join us in shaping the future of Web3](/careers)[**Press Kit** Download our official logo and other media assets](/press)[**Blog** Stay up-to-date on Web3 trends and insights](/blog)[**Terms of Service** What you need to know to use our services](/terms-of-service)[**Privacy Policy** Your privacy matters, learn how we protect it](/privacy-policy)

DarkLightLanguage

[Download Trust Wallet](/download)

[](/)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.4edbb099.svg)[**Mobile App** The world
of Web3 in your pocket](/download)[**Browser Extension** An optimized Web3
experience for desktop](/browser-extension)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.e7c57d68.svg)[**Swaps** Swap securely
and seamlessly](/swap)[**Staking** Earn crypto rewards while securing
networks](/staking)[**NFTs** Explore the world of NFTs](/nft)[**Security**
Learn how we keep your assets & Web3 journey safe](/security)[**Buy Crypto**
Buy crypto in under five minutes](/buy-crypto)[**SWIFT: Smart Contract
Wallet** Explore Web3 easily with account abstraction features](/swift)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.b373ab3f.svg)[**Developer Docs** Get
guides for building powerful Web3
applications](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/)[**Wallet Core**
Open-source, mobile-focused crypto wallet
library](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/wallet-core)[**Submit
dApp** Get your dApp in front of
millions](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-dapps)[**Get
assets listed** Elevate your asset’s
exposure](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-assets)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.1211abf0.svg)[**FAQ** Get answers to
your most pressing
questions](https://community.trustwallet.com/c/helpcenter/8)[**Community
Forum** Connect with our vibrant and diverse
community](https://community.trustwallet.com/)[**Contact Us** Reach out for
personalized support](https://support.trustwallet.com/en/support/home)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.9a6dd06f.svg)[**About Us** Discover who
we are and what drives us](/about-us)[**Careers** Join us in shaping the
future of Web3](/careers)[**Press Kit** Download our official logo and other
media assets](/press)[**Blog** Stay up-to-date on Web3 trends and
insights](/blog)[**Terms of Service** What you need to know to use our
services](/terms-of-service)[**Privacy Policy** Your privacy matters, learn
how we protect it](/privacy-policy)

[](/)

WalletFeaturesBuildSupportAbout

Language

[Download](/download)

[Home](/)  >  [Blog](/blog)  >  [Blockchain](/blog?category=Blockchain)  >
[The Merlin Chain and MERL Token: Explained](/blog/merlin-chain-merl-token-
explained)

##### Blockchain

# The Merlin Chain and MERL Token: Explained

Published on: May 1, 2024

##### Share post

[](https://facebook.com/trustwalletapp)[](https://github.com/trustwallet)[](https://instagram.com/trustwallet)[](https://twitter.com/trustwallet)[](https://discord.gg/trustwallet)[](https://reddit.com/r/trustapp)[](https://t.me/trustwallet)

  * **What is The Merlin Chain?**
  * **How Does The Merlin Chain Work?**
  * **Key Features of The Merlin Chain**
  * **How Merlin Chain Fits into the Bitcoin Ecosystem**
  * **What is MERL Token?**
  * **Deposit MERL and Other Assets on the Merlin Chain**

##### In Brief

Explore the Merlin Chain, a Bitcoin native Layer 2 solution. Learn about its
origins, the MERL token and more.

![The Merlin Chain and MERL Token:
Explained](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fmerlin_chain_merl_token_fc4f400154.png&w=3840&q=75)

As the [Web3](https://trustwallet.com/blog/what-is-web3) space continues to
evolve and innovation scales, Layer 2 solutions, like the Merlin Chain, have
emerged as a pivotal component—offering ways to address the scalability
challenges of the Bitcoin network. In this article, we explore Bitcoin Layer 2
solutions, focusing specifically on the Merlin Chain and its native token,
[MERL](https://trustwallet.com/merlin-chain-wallet).

Before you explore the Merlin Chain in more detail, remember that you can
explore and manage [Bitcoin Layer 2](https://trustwallet.com/blog/bitcoin-
layer-2s-explained) tokens using Trust Wallet, including assets on the Merlin
blockchain.

[![Download-Trust-Wallet-Button.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2FDownload_Trust_Wallet_Button_3b2b015a21.png&w=3840&q=75)](https://short.trustwallet.com/TW-
SEOblog)

## What is The Merlin Chain?

The Merlin Chain is a Bitcoin Layer 2 solution. The Merlin Chain integrates
the [ZK-Rollup](https://trustwallet.com/blog/zk-rollups-explained) network,
decentralized oracle network, Data Availability and on-chain BTC fraud proof
modules. The Merlin Chain’s primary objective is to empower Bitcoin's native
assets, protocols, and products on Layer 1 through its Layer 2 network, with a
goal to “Make Bitcoin Fun Again.”

The Merlin Chain is a relatively new project, having launched in January 2024.
The Merlin Chain emerged as an offshoot from Bitmap Technology. Bitmap
Technology was founded by Jeff Merlin. The Merlin Chain’s goal is to empower
Bitcoin itself, not replace it.

## How Does The Merlin Chain Work?

The Merlin Chain integrates cutting-edge layer 2 technology solutions within
the Bitcoin network. The Merlin Chain aims to elevate its capabilities,
minimize transaction expenses, and accelerate transaction processing. While
Bitcoin's layer 1 blockchain often grapples with issues like network
congestion, sluggish processing times, steep transaction fees, and limited
innovation prospects, The Merlin Chain's layer 2 solution presents a stark
contrast. The Merlin Chain offers boundless transaction capacity, cost-
efficient operations, swift transaction speeds, and fosters innovation within
the Bitcoin Layer 1 ecosystem.

![merlin-chain-merl-token-2.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fmerlin_chain_merl_token_2_1cc37f0aee.png&w=3840&q=75)

## Key Features of The Merlin Chain

The Merlin Chain operates as a Layer 2 solution within the Bitcoin network,
employing a combination of innovative technologies to enhance scalability,
efficiency, and functionality. Let's explore into how each component works:

### ZK-Rollup Network

The ZK-Rollup network is a key feature of the Merlin Chain, designed to
compress multiple transaction proofs into batches using zero-knowledge proofs
(ZKPs). This allows for significant reduction of data size while maintaining
the integrity and security of transactions. By bundling transactions together,
the ZK-Rollup network minimizes the computational load on the main Bitcoin
blockchain, alleviating network congestion and improving transaction
throughput. Additionally, ZKPs ensure privacy by obscuring transaction details
while still enabling their verification.

### Decentralized Oracle Network

The decentralized oracle network is another critical component of the Merlin
Chain, tasked with providing external data to the blockchain in a trustless
manner. Oracles fetch real-world data, such as asset prices or weather
conditions, and feed it into the blockchain for smart contract execution. In
the context of Merlin Chain, the decentralized oracle network ensures the
integrity of off-chain data used in transactions or smart contracts. This
expands the range of applications that developers can build on the Merlin
Chain while maintaining security and reliability.

### Data Availability

Data Availability is essential for ensuring that transaction data is
accessible to all participants in the network. In the context of the Merlin
Chain, data availability mechanisms ensure that transaction data and proofs
are widely disseminated across the network, enabling validators to verify
transactions efficiently. This redundancy helps to guard against data loss or
manipulation, enhancing the overall security and robustness of the network.

### On-chain BTC Fraud Proof Modules

The on-chain BTC fraud proof modules serve as a safeguard against fraudulent
activities within the Merlin Chain network. In the event of a dispute or
suspected fraud, challengers can present fraud proofs on-chain, leveraging
Bitcoin's robust consensus mechanism to resolve the issue. This ensures the
security and integrity of the Merlin Chain network, fostering trust among
participants.

## How Merlin Chain Fits into the Bitcoin Ecosystem

The Merlin Chain seamlessly integrates into the Bitcoin ecosystem as a Layer 2
solution. It offers complementary infrastructure that enhances the
capabilities of the underlying Bitcoin network. Here's how:

### Scalability Enhancement

As a Layer 2 solution, Merlin Chain alleviates the scalability constraints of
the Bitcoin network by processing transactions off-chain. By batching multiple
transactions into a single transaction on the Bitcoin blockchain, Merlin Chain
significantly increases transaction throughput and reduces congestion, thereby
enhancing scalability.

### Efficiency Improvements

By leveraging Layer 2 technologies such as ZK-Rollups, Merlin Chain improves
the efficiency of transaction processing. ZK-Rollups enable Merlin Chain to
compress transaction data and verify transactions off-chain, reducing
computational overhead and speeding up transaction confirmation times.

### Cost Reduction

Merlin Chain helps to reduce transaction costs associated with using the
Bitcoin network. By processing transactions off-chain, Merlin Chain minimizes
the amount of data that needs to be stored and processed on the Bitcoin
blockchain, resulting in lower transaction fees for users.

### Interoperability

Despite operating as a Layer 2 solution, Merlin Chain maintains
interoperability with the Bitcoin network. Users can seamlessly transfer
assets between the Bitcoin blockchain and Merlin Chain, enabling frictionless
interaction between the two networks.

### Security

Merlin Chain inherits the security properties of the Bitcoin network, ensuring
a high level of security for transactions processed on the Layer 2 solution.
Additionally, Merlin Chain implements mechanisms such as decentralized oracle
networks and on-chain fraud proofs to further enhance security and prevent
fraudulent activities.

## What is MERL Token?

The MERL token is the native cryptocurrency of the Merlin Chain ecosystem. The
Merlin Crypto (MERL) serves a variety of purposes within the network,
including:

  * **Governance:** MERL token holders wield influence over the trajectory of the Merlin Chain by engaging in voting processes for significant proposals.

  * **Staking:** By staking MERL tokens, users enhance the security of the Merlin Chain, guaranteeing its operational robustness and performance.

  * **Network fees:** MERL Crypto tokens serve as payment for transaction fees.

  * **Collator delegation:** MERL token holders actively engage in network operations by either delegating their holdings to collators or staking MERL tokens to operate their own collators.

  * **Native liquidity & collateral:** MERL tokens serve as native liquidity and collateral within the Merlin ecosystem, facilitating smooth transactions and supporting lending mechanisms.

### MERL Tokenomics

  * **Name:** MERL (Merlin Chain)

  * **Ticker:** $MERL

  * **Total Supply:** 2,100,000,000

![merlin-chain-merl-token-3.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fmerlin_chain_merl_token_3_59806c4d35.png&w=3840&q=75)

## Deposit MERL and Other Assets on the Merlin Chain

You can easily deposit the MERL token as well as assets on the Merlin Chain
using Trust Wallet. Here’s how:

  * Select “Receive” from the home screen.

  * Search for “MERL” or the asset on the Merlin Chain you want to deposit, and select it.

![merlin-chain-merl-token-1.gif](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fmerlin_chain_merl_token_1_21363eb028.gif&w=3840&q=75)

From here you have two options. You can either:

  1. Copy your deposit address and use that on your exchange account or other [crypto wallet](https://trustwallet.com/download) to send funds to.

  2. Use the “Deposit from exchange” option to deposit crypto seamlessly from your exchange account (if your exchange supports this option).

Trust Wallet lets you manage and interact with 10M+ crypto assets across 100+
blockchains. You can download Trust Wallet as a mobile app, or you can install
the Trust Wallet Extension for your desktop browser.

[![Download-Trust-Wallet-Button.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2FDownload_Trust_Wallet_Button_3b2b015a21.png&w=3840&q=75)](https://short.trustwallet.com/TW-
SEOblog)

Join the Trust Wallet community on [Telegram](https://rebrand.ly/TW-Telegram-
Announcements) Follow us on [X (formerly Twitter)](https://rebrand.ly/TW-
Twitter-Blog) [Instagram](https://rebrand.ly/TW-Insta-Blog)
[Facebook](https://rebrand.ly/TW-FB-Blog) [Reddit](https://rebrand.ly/TW-
Reddit-Blog) [Warpcast](https://warpcast.com/trustwalletapp)

> **Note:** Any cited numbers, figures, or illustrations are reported at the
> time of writing, and are subject to change.

#### Simple and convenient to use, seamless to explore

[Download Trust Wallet](/download)

##### Stay Connected:

[](https://facebook.com/trustwalletapp)[](https://github.com/trustwallet)[](https://instagram.com/trustwallet)[](https://twitter.com/trustwallet)[](https://discord.gg/trustwallet)[](https://reddit.com/r/trustapp)[](https://t.me/trustwallet)

  * **Wallet**[Mobile App](/download)[Browser Extension](/browser-extension)
  * **Features**[Buy Crypto](/buy-crypto)[Swaps](/swap)[Staking](/staking)[NFTs](/nft)[Security](/security)[SWIFT: Smart Contract Wallet](/swift)
  * **Build**[Developer Docs](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/)[Wallet Core](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/wallet-core)[Submit dApp](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-dapps)[Get assets listed](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-assets)
  * **Support**[FAQ](https://community.trustwallet.com/c/helpcenter/8)[Community Forum](https://community.trustwallet.com/)[Contact Us](https://support.trustwallet.com/en/support/home)
  * **About**[About Us](/about-us)[Careers](/careers)[Press Kit](/press)[Terms of Service](/terms-of-service)[Privacy Policy](/privacy-policy)[Blog](/blog)
  * ![A-LIGN ISO 27701](/_next/static/media/image.8354ab2c.svg)![A-LIGN ISO 27001](/_next/static/media/image.7f0b3bc9.svg)

**Download Trust Wallet**

The most trusted & secure crypto wallet.

[Download for iOS](https://apps.apple.com/app/apple-
store/id1288339409?mt=8)[Download
Extension![Chrome](/_next/static/media/raw.7dd85797.svg)](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/trust-
wallet/egjidjbpglichdcondbcbdnbeeppgdph)[Download APK](/download/apk)[Download
for Android![App
Store](/_next/image?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Fimage.5ee64b2e.png&w=256&q=75)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.wallet.crypto.trustapp)

