[ New: Wallet recovery made easy with Ledger Recover, provided by Coincover
Get started ](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-recover)

[ ![Ledger Academy](https://www.ledger.com/wp-
content/themes/ledger-v2/public/images/ledger-academy-logo-long.svg)
](https://www.ledger.com/academy "Ledger Academy")

  * [ Shop Ledger ](https://shop.ledger.com/)
  * [ Learn and earn  ](https://quest.ledger.com)
  * [ Search __](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library)
  * [ Crypto Glossary ](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary)
  * Topics
    * [Blockchain](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/blockchain)
    * [Crypto](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/crypto)
    * [DAOs](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/daos)
    * [DeFi](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/defi)
    * [Economics and Regulation](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/economics-and-regulation)
    * [Ledger solutions](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/ledgersolutions)
    * [Metaverse](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/metaverse)
    * [NFTs](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/nfts)
    * [Scams](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/scams)
    * [Security](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/security)
    * [Tutorials](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/tutorials)
  * Series
    * [Enter The Donjon](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/enter-the-donjon)
    * [How I Got Hacked](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/how-i-got-hacked)
    * [Keep Your Crypto Safe](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/get-your-crypto-safe)
    * [Ledger How To's](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/ledger-how-tos)
    * [On The Ledger](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/on-the-ledger)
    * [Reading Room](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/reading-room)
    * [School of Block](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/school-of-block)
  * [Start learning](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-web-30-everything-you-need-to-know)
  * English
    * This page is available in English only

  * The Classroom __
    * A) Welcome to Web3
      * [What is Web 3.0?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-web-30-everything-you-need-to-know "What is Web 3.0?")
      * [What Is Blockchain?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-blockchain "What Is Blockchain?")
      * [Blockchain: Where It Started, Where It’s Going](https://www.ledger.com/academy/blockchain-generations-explained "Blockchain: Where It Started, Where It’s Going")
      * [What Is Cryptocurrency?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-cryptocurrency "What Is Cryptocurrency?")
      * [How Many Cryptocurrencies Are There?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/how-many-cryptos-are-there "How Many Cryptocurrencies Are There?")
    * B) How to secure your crypto
      * [What Is a Private Key?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/whats-a-private-key "What Is a Private Key?")
      * [What Is a Crypto Wallet?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/2-how-to-own-crypto/what-is-a-crypto-wallet "What Is a Crypto Wallet?")
      * [What is a Seed Phrase (Secret Recovery Phrase)?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/2-how-to-own-crypto/whats-a-secret-recovery-phrase "What is a Seed Phrase \(Secret Recovery Phrase\)?")
      * [Crypto Threats: How Crypto Gets Stolen](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/2-how-to-own-crypto/how-crypto-gets-stolen-risks-to-beware-of "Crypto Threats: How Crypto Gets Stolen")
    * C) What is Ledger?
      * [What is Ledger? The Ledger Ecosystem Explained](https://www.ledger.com/academy/ledger-nano-the-safest-way-to-manage-crypto "What is Ledger? The Ledger Ecosystem Explained")
      * [Ledger’s Security Model: How Are Ledger Devices Secured?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/ledgers-ecosystem/why-is-ledger-nano-so-secure "Ledger’s Security Model: How Are Ledger Devices Secured?")
      * [Ledger Live App: Buy, Sell, Stake and Swap Crypto](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/ledgers-ecosystem/ledger-live-app-buying-selling-staking-and-swapping-crypto "Ledger Live App: Buy, Sell, Stake and Swap Crypto")
    * D) Web3 security essentials
      * [Web3 Scams: Common Crypto Scams and How To Avoid Them](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/web3-security-essentials/web3-scams-explained "Web3 Scams: Common Crypto Scams and How To Avoid Them")
      * [Do Your Own Research (DYOR): How to Investigate Crypto Projects](https://www.ledger.com/academy/do-your-own-research-how-to-investigate-crypto-projects "Do Your Own Research \(DYOR\): How to Investigate Crypto Projects")
      * [How to Migrate Your Crypto to Ledger](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/web3-security-essentials/how-to-secure-your-crypto-on-a-ledger-nano "How to Migrate Your Crypto to Ledger")
    * E) Digital Assets Explained
      * [Crypto Coins and Tokens: Their Use-Cases Explained](https://www.ledger.com/academy/crypto/what-is-the-difference-between-coins-and-tokens "Crypto Coins and Tokens: Their Use-Cases Explained")
      * [What Are Stablecoins?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-are-stablecoins "What Are Stablecoins?")
      * [What Are Memecoins?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-are-memecoins "What Are Memecoins?")
      * [Digital Assets Beyond Currency](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/blockchain/digital-assets-beyond-currency-explained "Digital Assets Beyond Currency")
    * F) Blockchain Basics
      * [How Does a Blockchain Transaction Work?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/how-does-a-blockchain-transaction-work "How Does a Blockchain Transaction Work?")
      * [Crypto Nodes: What Are They And How Do They Work?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-a-node-and-why-should-i-operate-one "Crypto Nodes: What Are They And How Do They Work?")
      * [What Is a Mempool?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-a-mempool "What Is a Mempool?")
      * [Consensus Mechanisms: How Blockchains Stay Secure](https://www.ledger.com/academy/consensus-protocols-how-are-blockchains-secure "Consensus Mechanisms: How Blockchains Stay Secure")
    * G) Wallet Knowledge (Leveling Up)
      * [What Is a Software Wallet?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/what-is-a-software-wallet "What Is a Software Wallet?")
      * [What Is a Hardware Wallet?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/crypto-hardware-wallet "What Is a Hardware Wallet?")
      * [What Is a Cold Wallet?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/what-is-a-cold-wallet "What Is a Cold Wallet?")
      * [How To Choose a Crypto Wallet](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/choose-the-best-crypto-wallet-for-you "How To Choose a Crypto Wallet")
    * H) Buy it, Sell it, Swap it, Earn it
      * [Why Use Ledger Live For Payments and Transactions?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/the-power-of-ledger-live "Why Use Ledger Live For Payments and Transactions?")
      * [Buying Crypto Through Ledger Live](https://www.ledger.com/academy/benefits-of-buying-crypto-through-ledger-live "Buying Crypto Through Ledger Live")
      * [How To Swap Your Crypto Securely Via Ledger Live](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/ledgersolutions/ledger-swap-the-most-secure-way-to-exchange-your-crypto "How To Swap Your Crypto Securely Via Ledger Live")
      * [Earn Crypto With Ledger Live: Staking Made Easy](https://www.ledger.com/academy/earn-crypto-with-ledger-live-staking-made-easy "Earn Crypto With Ledger Live: Staking Made Easy")
    * I) Blockchain Sleuthing: Become a Crypto Detective
      * [What is a Blockchain Sleuth?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/what-is-a-blockchain-sleuth "What is a Blockchain Sleuth?")
      * [Top Blockchain Sleuths: How 5 Crypto Detectives Rose To Fame](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/top-blockchain-sleuths "Top Blockchain Sleuths: How 5 Crypto Detectives Rose To Fame")
      * [Through the Eyes of a Sleuth: The Nomad Bridge Hack](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/nomad-bridge-hack "Through the Eyes of a Sleuth: The Nomad Bridge Hack")
      * [Best Tools For Blockchain Detectives](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/blockchain-detective-tools "Best Tools For Blockchain Detectives")
      * [How to Catch Criminals on the Blockchain](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/how-to-catch-crypto-criminals "How to Catch Criminals on the Blockchain")
    * J) Wallet Knowledge II - The Evolution of Crypto Storage
      * [Public Vs Private Keys: Understanding PKC in Crypto](https://www.ledger.com/academy/blockchain/what-are-public-keys-and-private-keys "Public Vs Private Keys: Understanding PKC in Crypto")
      * [BIP-32: Understanding Hierarchical Deterministic Wallets](https://www.ledger.com/academy/crypto/what-are-hierarchical-deterministic-hd-wallets "BIP-32: Understanding Hierarchical Deterministic Wallets")
      * [Understanding BIP-39: The Origin of Your Seed Phrase](https://www.ledger.com/academy/bip-39-the-low-key-guardian-of-your-crypto-freedom "Understanding BIP-39: The Origin of Your Seed Phrase")
      * [How Does A Crypto Wallet Work?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/how-does-a-crypto-wallet-work "How Does A Crypto Wallet Work?")
  * Topics __
    * [Blockchain](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/blockchain "Blockchain")
    * [Crypto](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/crypto "Crypto")
    * [DAOs](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/daos "DAOs")
    * [DeFi](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/defi "DeFi")
    * [Economics and Regulation](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/economics-and-regulation "Economics and Regulation")
    * [Ledger solutions](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/ledgersolutions "Ledger solutions")
    * [Metaverse](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/metaverse "Metaverse")
    * [NFTs](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/nfts "NFTs")
    * [Scams](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/scams "Scams")
    * [Security](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/security "Security")
    * [Tutorials](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/tutorials "Tutorials")
  * Series __
    * [Enter The Donjon](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/enter-the-donjon "Enter The Donjon")
    * [How I Got Hacked](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/how-i-got-hacked "How I Got Hacked")
    * [Keep Your Crypto Safe](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/get-your-crypto-safe "Keep Your Crypto Safe")
    * [Ledger How To's](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/ledger-how-tos "Ledger How To's")
    * [On The Ledger](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/on-the-ledger "On The Ledger")
    * [Reading Room](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/reading-room "Reading Room")
    * [School of Block](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/school-of-block "School of Block")
  * [ Shop Ledger ](https://shop.ledger.com/ "Shop Ledger")
  * [ Learn and earn  ](https://quest.ledger.com "Learn and earn")
  * [ Search __](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library "Search")
  * [ Crypto Glossary ](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary "Crypto Glossary")
  * English
    * This page is available in English only

### Up your Web3 game

## Ledger Academy Quests

  * __ Test your knowledge
  * __ Earn POK NFTs

[Play now](https://quest.ledger.com "Play now") [See all
quests](https://quest.ledger.com/quests "See all quests")

[__](https://www.youtube.com/Ledger "Ledger
Youtube")[__](https://twitter.com/Ledger "Ledger
Twitter")[__](https://www.reddit.com/r/ledgerwallet/ "Ledger
Reddit")[__](https://www.facebook.com/Ledger/ "Ledger
Facebook")[__](https://www.linkedin.com/company/ledgerhq "Ledger LinkedIn")

  * [Ledger Academy ](https://www.ledger.com/academy "Ledger Academy ") __
  * [Security](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/security "Security") __
  * ... __
  * The Best Ethereum Wallets in 2024

# The Best Ethereum Wallets in 2024

By **Vineet Nair**

May 10, 2024 | **Updated May 10, 2024**

Beginner

SHARE

[](https://www.instagram.com/ledger
"Instagram")[](https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?u=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Ftopics%2Fsecurity%2Fbest-
ethereum-wallets
"Facebook")[](http://twitter.com/intent/tweet?via=ledger&text=The%20Best%20Ethereum%20Wallets%20in%202024&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Ftopics%2Fsecurity%2Fbest-
ethereum-wallets "Twitter")[](https://www.linkedin.com/sharing/share-
offsite/?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Ftopics%2Fsecurity%2Fbest-
ethereum-wallets
"Linkedin")[](http://reddit.com/submit?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Ftopics%2Fsecurity%2Fbest-
ethereum-wallets&title=The%20Best%20Ethereum%20Wallets%20in%202024 "Reddit")

![Grey closed belt on a purple background.](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2022/09/09_Security_Cover_Purple-1024x432.jpg)

If you want to interact with the Ethereum network, you’re going to need a
wallet that supports Ether (ETH) and other Ethereum assets. Of course, there
are countless wallets to choose from, each with their own strengths and
weaknesses. The key is identifying which purposes are most important for you.
For example, if you want to manage Ethereum NFTs, you’ll need a wallet that
supports these assets. Alternatively, if you want to take part in trading
tokens on Ethereum, you will probably want to get yourself a wallet supported
by the top DeFi apps and protocols.

In short, choosing an [Ethereum
wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/ethereum) depends largely on you
and your needs.

If you’re unsure where to start but want to know which Ethereum wallets are
best—look no further. In this article, Ledger Academy will take you through
the best Ethereum wallets for each purpose, including their strengths and
weaknesses and how to manage each. But of course, if you need a refresher,
check out the article on [what an Ethereum wallet
is.](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/crypto/what-is-an-ethereum-wallet-
and-how-does-it-work)  And if you already know about what Ethereum wallets do,
let’s dive into the best Ethereum wallet options on the market.

## 6 Best Ethereum Hot Wallets

If you’ve ever interacted with the Ethereum network, you’ve likely got a hot
(software) wallet already. These types of wallets come in a few key types:
desktop wallets, mobile wallets or browser wallets. Typically, hot wallets are
free to download and install and easy to use. For that reason, they are often
a crypto user’s first wallet.

In addition, if you want to connect to decentralized protocols, such as DeFi
apps or NFT marketplaces, you will probably need a hot wallet. Typically,
these types of platforms only support a limited number of wallet providers,
and most of the time, these will be hot wallets.

That said, hot wallets all come with a risk: they store private keys (the keys
that control your account) on their host device, i.e. your laptop or
smartphone. This is very convenient, as it means you only need a single device
to send ETH and Ethereum assets. However, it also means your accounts are
vulnerable to hacks. Laptops and smartphones are not designed for storing
private keys, so if you must use one, it’s always best to connect it to a
hardware wallet to keep your private keys offline and away from hackers.

So now you know about hot wallets, let’s dive into the best hot wallets for
the Ethereum network.

### **MetaMask Wallet**

![metamask wallet logo fox](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2024/04/MetaMask_Fox.svg.png)

Metamask is one of the most popular Ethereum hot wallets, boasting over 22.6
Million downloads to date. It comes in a few different variants: a desktop
version, a browser extension version, or a mobile app version.

For NFTs, MetaMask is an industry leader: it is compatible with countless NFT
marketplaces including OpenSea, Magic Eden, and more. It is also easy to use
with NFT minting platforms such as Manifold, allowing you to create ETH NFTs
with minimal effort. It is also one of the most popular hot wallets supported
by Ethereum DeFi apps too. In short, it’s easy to interact with decentralized
exchanges and protocols to swap, borrow, or lend your ETH and Ethereum tokens.

Besides those key functionalities, MetaMask also has an on-ramping option,
allowing you to buy crypto via Paypal directly within its interface.

While it launched as an Ethereum hot wallet, primarily for protecting ETH and
Ethereum tokens, today, it also supports a range of Ethereum layer two
blockchains including Optimism, Polygon, and Base. Plus it’s not just the
Ethereum network that Metamask supports. Today you can also use MetaMask to
manage a range of networks outside the Ethereum ecosystem such as Harmony,
Fantom, and Avalanche.

#### **MetaMask Review**

**Ethereum  ****Wallet Name**| **Type**| **Self Custody**| **Compatible
Hardware**| **Cost**| **NFT  ****Support**| **ETH Layer 2s supported**|
**Other Networks Supported**| **On -ramping**| **In-built Staking**| **Mobile
App**| **Desktop version**| **Browser Version**  
---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---  
MetaMask Wallet  
![](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2024/04/MetaMask_Fox.svg.png)| **Hot
Wallet**|  Yes| Yes  
(Ledger, Trezor)| FREE| Yes| Optimism, Polygon, Base, Linea| Harmony, Fantom,
Avalanche and others| Yes  
(paypal, moonpay)| No| Yes| Yes| Yes  
  
#### **MetaMask Pros and Cons**

Pros| cons  
---|---  
✅ Supports a large range of Ethereum layer 2s and some other leading layer 1
blockchains| ❌As a software (hot) wallet, it stores private keys on the host
device, i.e. your smartphone or laptop. This leaves your accounts vulnerable
to hacking  
✅ Offers on-ramping options| ❌Doesn’t allow you to visualize your NFTs by
default  
✅ Compatible with most NFT and Defi platforms| ❌ Doesn’t offer many in-built
features  
  
### **MyEtherWallet**

![MyEtherWallet logo](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2024/05/myetherwallet.png)

MyEtherWallet is one of the older Ethereum hot wallets still in use. As a non-
custodial wallet, MyEtherWallet gives you true ownership of your assets. It
also offers privacy, never tracking its users’ personal data.

Launched in 2015, it was originally just for sending Ether, but these days, it
offers support for a range of assets within the Ethereum ecosystem and beyond.
Currently, you can use it to access Ethereum and all of its assets, including
Ether and all ERC-20 tokens. You can also use it for a range of Ethereum Layer
two networks including Optimism and Polygon.

However, the networks you can access differ slightly depending on which
MyEtherWallet product you use.

Its browser extension wallet, Enkrypt, offers the most options, specifically
designed for multi-chain features and interoperability between Ethereum,
Ethereum layer twos, and other leading networks including Bitcoin and
Polkadot. Then its mobile app, MEW, compatible with iOS and Android, has a
more limited selection of compatible networks.

 Finally, it also offers a web wallet, called MEW web. This offers a similar
number of assets as the mobile wallet but has the added benefit of
compatibility with a hardware wallet.

#### **MyEtherWallet** Review

Ethereum wallet name| Type| Self custody| compatible hardware| cost| NFT
support| ETH L2s supported| other networks supported| On-ramping| In-built
staking| mobile app| desktop version| browser version  
---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---  
MyEtherWallet  
![](https://ledger-wp-website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2024/04/24321658.png)|
Hot Wallet| Yes| Only for web and browser versions (Ledger, Trezor)| FREE|
Yes| Optimism, Polygon| Bitcoin, Polkadot and others (for enkrypt only)| Yes  
(Moonpay, Simplex)| No| Yes| No| Yes  
  
#### **MyEtherWallet Pros and Cons**

Pros| cons  
---|---  
✅ Offers an on-ramping option, allowing you to buy crypto with your bank card|
❌As a software wallet, it stores private keys on the host device, i.e. your
smartphone or laptop. This leaves your accounts vulnerable to hacking  
✅ Supports both fungible and non-fungible tokens, including ERC-20 tokens,
ERC-721 tokens and ERC-1155 tokens| ❌ Only the web wallet is compatible with a
hardware wallet (such as a Ledger device)  
✅ Compatible with most NFT and Defi platforms| ❌Only supports a limited number
of networks  
  
### **Rabby Wallet**

![rabby wallet logo](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2024/04/rabby-
logo-A5F793A6F6-seeklogo.com_.png)

Rabby wallet is a hot wallet that focuses on security and interoperability.
It’s not just an Ethereum wallet though: it supports Ethereum itself plus over
145 chains, including Ethereum layer twos and a range of other networks,
including Avalanche, Astar, Moonriver and more.

Rabby wallet comes in three versions: a browser wallet, a desktop wallet, and
a mobile wallet (which is still in its beta version). Across all of its
versions, it stands out with its focus on security, offering pre-signing
checks that allow you to see the results of a transaction before you sign.

Apart from this key feature, Rabby Wallet also stands out for its dedication
to open-sourcing its tech. Its tech stack boasts MetaMask’s battle-tested
private key management system, audits by security professionals, and a
“friendly” MIT license.

#### **Rabby Wallet Review**

Ethereum wallet name| Type| Self custody| Compatible with a hardware wallet|
cost| NFT support| ETH L2s supported| other networks supported| On-ramping|
In-built staking| mobile app| desktop version| browser version  
---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---  
Rabby Wallet  
![](https://ledger-wp-website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2024/04/rabby-
logo-A5F793A6F6-seeklogo.com_.png)| Hot Wallet| Yes| Yes  
(Ledger, Trezor, Keystone, GridPlus and more)| FREE| Yes| Arbitrum, Optimism,
Base, Linea, Polygon| Harmony, Klaytn, Moonriver and many more| No| No| Yes|
Yes| Yes  
  
#### **Rabby Wallet Pros and Cons**

Pros| cons  
---|---  
✅ Comes in 3 versions: a browser variant, a web wallet variant, and a mobile
app| ❌As a software wallet, it stores private keys on the host device, i.e.
your smartphone or laptop. This leaves your accounts vulnerable to hacking  
✅ Supports a large number of networks within the Ethereum ecosystem and
beyond| ❌ As a new wallet, it’s not battle-tested which may leave it
vulnerable to bugs  
✅ Offers pre-signing checks, allowing you to verify the results of a
transaction before you sign| ❌ There’s no on-ramping option so you can’t buy
crypto directly via the wallet’s interface  
  
### **Trust Wallet**

![trust wallet logo](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2024/04/32179889.png)

Trust Wallet is one of the leading hot wallets for a range of networks
including Ethereum. It launched in 2017, at the height of the DeFi craze, and
as such it’s supported by countless DeFi protocols and platforms. Since then,
Trust Wallet has expanded its offering, meaning most NFT marketplaces and
minting platforms also support it.

While Trust wallet is primarily an Ethereum wallet, it is also compatible with
a few other chains including Bitcoin, Cosmos, and Polkadot.

It comes in two main variants: a browser extension version and a mobile app
version. To help you stay safe, it also offers security alerts and allows you
to record your seed phrase using its encrypted cloud backup. In addition, it
also guarantees it doesn’t track user data—aiming to keep its users safe.

#### **Trust Wallet Review**

Ethereum wallet name| Type| Self custody| Compatible with a hardware wallet|
cost| NFT support| ETH L2s supported| other networks supported| On-ramping|
In-built staking| mobile app| desktop version| browser version  
---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---  
Trust Wallet  
![](https://ledger-wp-website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2024/04/32179889.png)|
Hot Wallet| Yes| Yes  
(Ledger only)| FREE| Yes| Arbitrum, Optimism, Base, Polygon| Cosmos, Bitcoin,
Polkadot and others.| Yes  
Moonpay, Simplex, Banxa, Ramp and others| Yes| Yes| No| Yes  
  
#### **Trust Wallet Pros and Cons**

Pros| cons  
---|---  
✅ Great for dapps: offers an easy way to interact with exchanges and stake
crypto or trade NFTs| ❌As a software wallet, it stores private keys on the
host device, i.e. your smartphone or laptop. This leaves your accounts
vulnerable to hacking  
✅ Supports both fungible and non-fungible tokens, including ERC-20 tokens,
ERC-721 tokens and ERC-1155 tokens| ❌ Not very user-friendly for managing NFTs  
✅ Offers on-ramping features that allow you to buy crypto with your bank card|
❌ Doesn’t offer a desktop version  
  
### **Guarda Wallet**

![guarda wallet logo](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2024/04/Guarda-shield-logo.png)

Guarda Wallet is a hot wallet for Ethereum and over 50 other leading
blockchains. Incredibly, it allows you to protect Ether and over 400k
alternative assets, including SOL, BTC, ADA, Tezos, and many many more. Apart
from its impressive list of supported assets, it also stands out for its
unique crypto visa debit card which allows you to pay with crypto anywhere you
like.

This hot wallet comes in two forms: a desktop version and a mobile app
version. Its desktop version stands out for being compatible with a range of
operating systems, from Windows to iOS, to Linux and more.

It also allows you to access the wider crypto ecosystem with in-built tools
for buying, staking, and exchanging crypto within its interface.

#### **Guarda Wallet Review**

Ethereum wallet name| Type| Self custody| Compatible with a hardware wallet|
cost| NFT support| ETH L2s supported| other networks supported| On-ramping|
In-built staking| mobile app| desktop version| browser version  
---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---  
Guarda Wallet  
![](https://ledger-wp-website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2024/04/Guarda-shield-
logo.png)| Hot Wallet| Yes| Yes  
(Ledger only)| FREE| Yes| Arbitrum, Optimism, Base, Polygon and many more|
Solana, Bitcoin, Cardano, Tezos and many more| Yes  
(SEPA)  
| Yes| Yes| Yes| No  
  
#### **Guarda Wallet Pros and Cons**

Pros| cons  
---|---  
✅ Great for in-built features: offers on ramping and staking features| ❌As a
software wallet, it stores private keys on the host device, i.e. your
smartphone or laptop. This leaves your accounts vulnerable to hacking  
✅ Offers a crypto Visa debit card| ❌ Not very user-friendly for managing NFTs  
✅ The Desktop version is compatible with alternative operating systems such as
Linux, Ubuntu, and Debian| ❌ Doesn’t offer a browser version if you prefer not
to use an app or install a program  
  
### **Coinbase Wallet**

![](https://ledger-wp-website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2024/04/unnamed-1.png)

Coinbase wallet is a hot wallet (software wallet) created by centralized
exchange Coinbase. However, unlike default exchange wallets, Coinbase wallet
does offer users self-custody. Essentially, it works like any other hot wallet
you may be accustomed to: it allows you to manage private keys yourself and
provides the tool you need to interact with decentralized apps and platforms.
However, it also has a range of extra features.

Regarding networks, Coinbase wallet supports Ethereum, but it also supports
Solana, Doge, and Bitcoin. You can also use your Coinbase hot wallet to
protect any ERC-20 token you like with ease. This wallet also supports NFTs on
the Ethereum network and layer twos such as Base, Optimism, and Polygon. You
can also protect your Solana NFTs using this provider.

Coinbase’s self-custody wallet comes in two main types: a mobile wallet and an
extension wallet. The mobile wallet is available on iOS and Android, whereas
the extension version is available on Chrome and Brave browsers.

#### **Coinbase Wallet Review**

Ethereum wallet name| Type| Self custody| Compatible with a hardware wallet|
cost| NFT support| ETH L2s supported| other networks supported| On-ramping|
In-built staking| mobile app| desktop version| browser version  
---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---  
Coinbase Wallet  
![](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2024/04/unnamed-1.png)| Hot Wallet| Yes| Yes  
(Ledger only)| FREE| Yes| Arbitrum, BNB Chain, Optimism, Polygon, Gnosis and
more| Bitcoin, Dogecoin, Litecoin, Stellar Lumens, Ripple, Solana and more| No  
(possible if you link it to a coinbase custodial account| No  
(possible if you link it to a coinbase custodial account)| Yes|   No| Yes  
  
### **Coinbase Wallet Pros and Cons**

Pros| cons  
---|---  
✅ Easy to transfer funds to and from centralized coinbase wallets| ❌As a
software wallet, it stores private keys on the host device, i.e. your
smartphone or laptop. This leaves your accounts vulnerable to hacking  
✅ Easy user interface| ❌ Doesn’t offer a desktop version  
✅ Supports a wide range of networks and assets|  
  
## 5 Best Ethereum Hardware and Cold Wallets

Although hot wallets are very popular and free to set up, they also come with
significant risks. To explain, hot (software) wallets store private keys on
their host devices, i.e. your laptop or smartphone. Unfortunately, these
devices aren’t designed to protect private keys, which leaves them vulnerable
to hacking.

To keep your crypto safe you must keep your private keys offline. That’s why
hardware wallets exist: they are physical devices specifically designed to
keep your private keys offline while signing transactions and interacting with
the blockchain. The chip they store private keys in is extremely important. An
effective hardware wallet will have security measures in place to mitigate
risks of physical access and hacks.

Hardware wallets also typically allow you to create multiple accounts you can
manage with a single device. This is particularly important for Ethereum
wallets as it offers the key to accessing web3 apps and platforms securely.
Using an HD wallet, you can segregate your assets into multiple accounts with
distinct purposes, allowing you to sign potentially malicious transactions
with an account unconnected to your main holdings.

These types of wallets are physical devices, and thus you will need to pay for
them. As such, the features they offer and their security models differ from
wallet to wallet.

### **Ledger Nano X**

![](https://www.ledger.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/05/nano-on.png)

The Ledger Nano X is a hardware wallet perfect for managing your crypto and
NFTs on the go.

It’s not just for the Ethereum network though, it also supports countless
Ethereum layer 2 chains, such as Polygon, Arbitrum and Optimism. As such, you
can also use it to protect whichever ERC-20 token you like. Outside of the
Ethereum ecosystem, the Ledger Nano X also supports most major
cryptocurrencies including Solana, Tezos, Cosmos and many many more.

The best thing about the Ledger Nano X is that it’s easy and intuitive to use.
The device can connect to your internet-connected device with Bluetooth. Plus
with Ledger’s companion app Ledger Live, you can manage, swap, stake, and sell
your assets with ease.

Of course, like all Ledger devices, the Ledger Nano X benefits from Ledger’s
cutting-edge security model. To explain, the Ledger Nano X stores private keys
in a secure element chip; a completely isolated environment from your
internet-connected device. This industry-grade chip is the same model used for
bank cards and passports, and as such it is immune to physical hacks such as
glitching and side-channel attacks.

Not only that, but it also offers a Trusted Display, a screen that connects
directly to the secure Element. This Trusted Display shows you the receiving
address of each transaction before you sign, allowing you to double-check that
your internet-connected device’s screen is showing you the correct
information. That way, even if your laptop or smartphone has been hacked, you
can still sign transactions with confidence.

To keep you safe, Ledger devices, firmware, and software are battle-tested by
The Ledger Donjon, a team of top-class white hat hackers. Due to their hard
work, Ledger devices have never been hacked! As an extra benefit, Ledger
devices are all compatible with Ledger Recover, a paid optional service that
allows you to create a secure backup of your wallet access.

#### **Ledger Nano X Review**

Ethereum wallet name| Type| Self custody| cost| NFT support| ETH L2s
supported| other networks supported| On-ramping| In-built staking| mobile app|
desktop version  
---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---  
Ledger Nano X  
![](https://ledger-wp-website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2023/08/Ledger-
logo-696.png)| Hardware wallet| Yes| $149| Yes| Arbitrum, Base, Boba, Linea,
Optimism, Polygon and more| Bitcoin, Cardano, Cosmos, Dogecoin, Fantom,
Injective, Polkadot, Tezos and many more| Yes| Yes| Yes| Yes  
  
#### **Ledger Nano X Pros and Cons**

Pros| cons  
---|---  
✅ Supports a wide range of networks and assets| ❌ As it is a physical device,
it is not free.  
✅Offers on-ramping via several different providers, allowing you to choose the
best rates| ❌ Its Trusted Display is quite small, thus it may be difficult to
read for some users  
✅ Offers in-built staking options from a range of staking providers via the
Earn section of Ledger Live| ❌ Doesn’t allow you to visualize NFTs without
installing a specialized NFT app.  
  
### **Trezor Model T**

![trezor wallet logo](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2024/04/twallet.png)

The Trezor Model T is the flagship crypto hardware wallet developed by
SatoshiLabs due to its intuitive touchscreen, improved support for different
cryptocurrencies, and advanced security features compared with the Trezor One
model.

Like all hardware wallets, it stores private keys offline. This is essential
to keep your crypto safe. It also offers a PIN code feature to prevent thieves
from accessing your crypto with access to the physical device.

While all Trezor devices support EVM networks such as Ethereum, Polygon, and
Avalanche, the Trezor T also supports non-EVM chains such as Tezos and
Cardano. The Trezor Model T is also the only model that offers a recovery
system: Shamir backup. In short, this allows you to back up your wallet access
without your seed phrase.

#### **Trezor Model T Review**

Ethereum wallet name| Type| Self custody| cost| NFT support| ETH L2s
supported| other networks supported| On-ramping| In-built staking| mobile app|
desktop version  
---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---  
Trezor Model T  
![](https://ledger-wp-website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2024/04/twallet.png)|
Hardware wallet| Yes| $179| Yes| Polygon| Bitcoin, Solana, Dogecoin, Injective
and some others| Yes| No| No| Yes  
  
#### **Trezor Model T Pros and Cons**

Pros| cons  
---|---  
✅ Offers a seed phrase backup solution called Shamir Backup| ❌ As it is a
physical device, it is not free.  
✅Offers on-ramping, allowing you to buy crypto with fiat currencies| ❌ It
doesn’t offer ways to Earn crypto via staking  
✅ Supports a wide range of networks and assets| ❌ Has limited support for
Ethereum Layer twos and networks outside the ETH ecosystem  
  
### **SafePal S1**

![safepal wallet logo](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2024/04/safepal-wallet.png)

SafePal is a crypto wallet provider that offers both software and hardware
wallets. Its flagship hardware wallet is the SafePal S1, which it claims is
completely air-gapped. This means that as well as storing private keys
offline, it doesn’t interact with any other device or take part in wireless or
wired connectivity including Bluetooth, NFC, WiFi, and even USB cables.

This physical wallet offered by SafePal offers a full-colored screen and a
D-pad for navigation.

The SafePal S1 mainly supports Ethereum and EVM chains and their tokens.
However, it does have some limited support for other networks such as Bitcoin,
Solana, Cosmos, and Tron.

#### **SafePal S1 Review**

ethereum wallet name| Type| Self custody| cost| NFT support  
| ETH L2s supported| other networks supported| On-ramping| In-built staking|
mobile app| desktop version  
---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---  
SafePal S1  
![](https://ledger-wp-website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2024/04/safepal-
wallet.png)| Hardware wallet| Yes| $49.99| Yes| Arbitrum, Base, Polygon|
Bitcoin, Cardano, Polkadot, Cosmos, Sui, and many more| Yes  
(Simplex)| Yes| Yes| Yes  
  
#### **SafePal S1 Pros and Cons**

Pros| cons  
---|---  
✅ Offers in built staking to allow you to earn a passive income| ❌ Not very
user-friendly for beginners  
✅Offers on-ramping, allowing you to buy crypto with fiat currencies| ❌ Is
reasonably new on the market, which could leave it vulnerable to bugs  
✅ Completely airgapped, thus very secure| ❌ Has limited support for networks
outside the ETH ecosystem  
  
### **D’CENT**

![d'cent wallet logo](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2024/04/6323b694ed51679bd6b3354e_public.png)

D’cent biometric wallet is a hardware device with a unique fingerprint
feature. D’cent biometric is not the only model D’cent offers, but it is
certainly the most secure option out of the range. Alongside its fingerprint
technology, it also offers a certified secure chip that encrypts the private
keys it stores to help protect the wallet from physical hackers.

While it doesn’t offer an on-ramping or staking service, it does let you
manage your NFTs and swap assets. It also comes with a mobile companion app
that helps you track your portfolio.

#### **D’CENT Review**

Ethereum wallet name| Type| Self custody| cost| NFT support| ETH L2s
supported| other networks supported| On-ramping| In-built staking| mobile app|
desktop version  
---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---  
D’CENT  
![](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2024/04/6323b694ed51679bd6b3354e_public.png)|
Hardware wallet| Yes| $159| Yes| Polygon, Gnosis, Boba, Arbitrum and more|
Bitcoin, Klaytn, Tron, Cardano, Cosmos, Solana and many more| Yes  
(Simplex, Wyre, Moonpay)| No| Yes| No  
  
#### **D’CENT Pros and Cons**

Pros| cons  
---|---  
✅ Offers a unique biometric fingerprint system| ❌ Is reasonably new on the
market which could leave it vulnerable to bugs  
✅Offers on-ramping, allowing you to buy crypto with fiat currencies| ❌ Doesn’t
offer a desktop app as a companion app, meaning you will have to use it with a
mobile app  
✅ Supports a large range of networks including Ethereum layer 2s and chains
outside of the ETH ecosystem| ❌ Doesn’t offer in-built staking options  
  
## Best Ethereum Wallet Reviews

### **Our Methodology To Review Ethereum Wallets**

If you’re trying to pick the best Ethereum wallet for you, you might be
wondering how to review each one. If you want to know why these Ethereum
wallets made the list, let’s look at some of the elements that are important
to take into account.

#### **Type of Wallet**

First of all, the type of wallet is important to assess. Software wallets are
free, but they have security issues and are thus unsuitable for protecting
large amounts of crypto. Hardware wallets, on the other hand, are very secure
but they will cost you something, as you’ll have to invest in a physical
device.

#### **Custodianship**

Custody of your crypto is also imperative to understand. To explain, custodial
wallets (such as those offered by centralized exchanges) do not give you true
ownership of your assets. Using a non-custodial wallet, you can guarantee that
you are the only person with access to your accounts.

#### **Compatible with a Hardware wallet**

While hot (software) wallets may be required to connect to specific apps or
platforms, as you know, they are not very good at keeping your funds secure.
Thus, when considering which Ethereum hot wallet is best for you, checking its
compatibility with a hardware wallet is a must. By using these two wallets
together, you can access whichever platform you like without leaving your
private keys in a vulnerable position.

#### **Purchase Cost**

Software (hot) wallets tend to be free, whereas hardware wallets can vary in
cost. Before you buy a physical device, you may want to consider how much each
of them cost and what kind of features they offer for that price.

#### **Crypto assets and networks supported  **

While most Ethereum wallets will support Ether and Ethereum tokens (such as
ERC-20 tokens and NFTs), that’s not always the case. Plus, if you want to
explore Ethereum layer 2s or even networks outside the Ethereum ecosystem,
it’s important to check out your chosen wallet’s support for these chains.

#### Device Compatibility

Not all wallets work on all devices. Some software wallets will have a desktop
version but no mobile version or vice versa. Then you’ll also find that the
companion apps for hardware wallets may not work on every internet-connected
device either. If you use a less common operating system on your phone or
laptop, this is an important feature to check.

## Final Ethereum Wallet Comparison

Ethereum wallet name| Type| Self custody| compatible with a hardware wallet|
cost| NFT support| ETH L2s supported| other networks supported| On-ramping|
In-built staking| mobile app| desktop version| browser version  
---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---  
MetaMask Wallet  
![](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2024/04/MetaMask_Fox.svg.png)| Hot Wallet|
Yes| Yes  
(Ledger, Trezor)| FREE| Yes| Optimism, Polygon, Base, Linea| Harmony, Fantom,
Avalanche and others| Yes  
(Paypal, Moonpay)| No| Yes| Yes| Yes  
MyEtherWallet  
![](https://ledger-wp-website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2024/04/24321658.png)|
Hot Wallet| Yes| Only for web and browser versions (Ledger, Trezor)| FREE|
Yes| Optimism, Polygon| Bitcoin, Polkadot and others (for enkrypt only)| Yes  
(Moonpay, Simplex)| No| Yes| No| Yes  
Rabby Wallet  
![](https://ledger-wp-website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2024/04/rabby-
logo-A5F793A6F6-seeklogo.com_.png)| Hot Wallet| Yes| (Ledger, Trezor,
Keystone, GridPlus and more)| FREE| Yes| Arbitrum, Optimism, Base, Linea,
Polygon| Harmony, Klaytn, Moonriver and many more| No| No| Yes| Yes| Yes  
Trust Wallet  
![](https://ledger-wp-website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2024/04/32179889.png)|
Hot Wallet| Yes| Yes  
(Ledger only)| FREE| Yes| Arbitrum, Optimism, Base, Polygon| Cosmos, Bitcoin,
Polkadot and others| Yes| Yes| Yes| No| Yes  
Guarda Wallet  
![](https://ledger-wp-website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2024/04/Guarda-shield-
logo.png)| Hot Wallet| Yes| Yes  
(Ledger only)| FREE| Yes| Arbitrum, Optimism, Base, Polygon and many more|
Solana, Bitcoin, Cardano, Tezos and many more| Yes| Yes| Yes| Yes| No  
Coinbase Wallet  
![](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2024/04/unnamed-1.png)| Hot Wallet| Yes| Yes  
(Ledger only)| FREE| Yes| Arbitrum, BNB Chain, Optimism, Polygon, Gnosis and
more| Bitcoin, Dogecoin, Litecoin, Stellar Lumens, Ripple, Solana and more| No  
(possible if you link it to a coinbase custodial account)| No  
(possible if you link it to a coinbase custodial account)| Yes| No| Yes  
Ledger Nano X  
![](https://ledger-wp-website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2023/08/Ledger-
logo-696.png)| Hardware Wallet| Yes| n.a| $149| Yes| Arbitrum, Base, Boba,
Linea, Optimism, Polygon and more| Bitcoin, Cardano, Cosmos, Dogecoin, Fantom,
Injective, Polkadot, Tezos and many more| Yes| Yes| Yes| Yes| n.a.  
Trezor Model T  
![](https://ledger-wp-website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2024/04/twallet.png)|
Hardware Wallet| Yes| n.a| $179| Yes| Polygon| Bitcoin, Solana, Dogecoin,
Injective and some others| Yes| Yes| No| Yes| n.a.  
SafePal S1  
![](https://ledger-wp-website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2024/04/safepal-
wallet.png)| Hardware Wallet| Yes| n.a| $49.99| Yes| Arbitrum, Base, Polygon|
Bitcoin, Cardano, Polkadot, Cosmos, Sui, and many more| Yes| Yes  
(Simplex)| Yes| No| n.a.  
D’CNT  
![](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2024/04/6323b694ed51679bd6b3354e_public.png)|
Hardware Wallet| Yes| n.a| $159| Yes| Polygon, Gnosis, Boba, Arbitrum and
more| Bitcoin, Klaytn, Tron, Cardano, Cosmos, Solana and many more| Yes  
(Simplex, Wyre, Moonpay)| No| Yes| No| n.a.  
  
## Crypto Wallets Guide

### **What Is a Crypto Wallet?**

A crypto wallet is a device or piece of software that allows you to manage and
store private keys. These private keys allow you to control your account, thus
a crypto wallet’s job is to give you the power over these keys without
revealing them to anyone else.

### **How Do Ethereum Wallets Work?**

Ethereum wallets will typically be controlled by something called a seed
phrase. Essentially, this is like the master key to all of the accounts you
create with that wallet. The seed phrase is made up of 12-24 words which is a
human-readable translation of a very random number called the entropy. Each
time you create a new account, your Ethereum wallet generates a key pair using
your seed phrase: one public key and one private key. Let’s see why this is
important.

#### **Private Keys**

Each blockchain address is controlled by a single private key. However, it’s
important to note that anyone with this private key has access to the entire
account. That’s why keeping it safe is imperative. The private key of each
account is also necessary to generate the public key.

#### **Public Keys**

The public key of your account is its uniquely identifiable number.
Essentially, it’s a unique code which allows others to find and send funds to
your account. Your blockchain address is simply a translation of this number
into a more human-readable format. As mentioned, is generated by your private
key using a secure mechanism. This allows your wallet to restore your accounts
with just the seed phrase, as there is a cryptographic link between the seed
phrase, your private keys and your public keys. However, the link is cleverly
designed so that it’s impossible to work out the private key with the public
key, but very easy to work out the public key with the private key.

### **Types of Ethereum Wallet**

Ethereum wallets come in three main types: software wallets, paper wallets and
hardware wallets. Let’s take a look at each of them and how they differ from
each other.

#### **Mobile Ethereum Wallets**

Software wallets, often referred to as hot wallets, operate via software on
your computer or smartphone. This means they store private keys on an internet
connected device vulnerable to online threats such as malware and spyware. All
software wallets have this vulnerability, but apart from that, they have some
key differences in features and functionality.

##### **Mobile Ethereum Wallets**

Mobile Ethereum wallets operate via apps on your smartphone. These types of
wallets are convenient for interacting with crypto on-the-go.

##### **Desktop Ethereum Wallets**

Desktop Ethereum wallets are programs you install on your computer, such as a
mac or PC.

##### **Ethereum Wallet Extension**

Ethereum wallet extensions work via browser extensions. If you want to use a
wallet browser extension, you’ll need to check that your chosen browser is
supported.

#### **Ethereum Paper Wallets**

Paper wallets are simply pieces of paper with private keys printed on them,
typically in the form of a QR code. These types of wallets are very secure, as
they are not vulnerable to online threats like malware and spyware. However,
they also come with the risk of loss, theft and damage. If someone finds your
paper wallet, they will automatically have access to your funds. Then if your
paper wallet goes up in flames in a house fire, there’s no way to retrieve
your funds.

Beyond that, they are also cumbersome and complex to use. It’s all too easy to
make a mistake while transacting with a paper wallet—using them runs the risk
of human error.

#### **Ethereum Hardware Wallets**

Hardware wallets are the most secure and user friendly type of Ethereum
wallet. They store private keys offline, thus are immune to online threats. In
addition, they offer a user-friendly interface, allowing you to interact with
crypto just as simply as using a software wallet. Many hardware wallets also
offer the option to connect to a software wallet too, so using these two types
of wallets together gives you the best of both worlds: security and ease-of-
use.

### **How To Create an Ethereum Wallet**

Creating an Ethereum wallet depends on which type of wallet you choose. Let’s
dive into the most popular types of Ethereum wallets and how to create them.

#### **How To Create an Ethereum Hot Wallet**

To create an ETH hot wallet you’ll need to follow these steps

  1. Choose which Ethereum wallet provider is best for you
  2. Install the software on your computer or smartphone
  3. Initiate the wallet set-up, which will typically involve recording your seed phrase
  4. Generate your first Ethereum account

Now you should have a new Ethereum hot wallet address you can use to send and
receive ETH and Ethereum tokens.

#### **How To Set up an Ethereum Hardware Wallet**

Creating an Ethereum account will differ depending on which Ethereum hardware
wallet you choose. But typically, you’ll need to follow these steps:

  1. Choose which Ethereum hardware wallet provider is best for you
  2. Purchase the physical device and wait for it to arrive
  3. Initiate the wallet set-up, which will typically involve installing its companion app on your internet connected device and recording your seed phrase
  4. Install the Ethereum app
  5. Create your first Ethereum account

Now you should have a new Ethereum wallet address you can use to send and
receive ETH and Ethereum tokens.

### **Why Do You Need a Crypto Wallet?**

Without a crypto wallet, you won’t be able to send ETH to anyone. Plus,
without a non-custodial crypto wallet, you don’t actually own your funds.
Unlike fiat currencies managed by financial institutions, crypto is
decentralized. That means only you have access to the funds in your non-
custodial wallet. Without a crypto wallet, you don’t really own your funds.

### **How Do You Choose the Best Ethereum Wallet?**

Choosing the best Ethereum wallet very much depends on what you want to do
with it. Using the above comparisons, you can analyze both software and
hardware wallets side by side to decide which is best for you. Remember
though, it’s important to consider the features it has, the networks it
supports, its interoperability and, of course, its security features.

## Frequently Asked Questions About the Best Ethereum Wallets

### **What Is the Best Crypto Wallet?**

The best crypto wallet depends entirely on what you need it for. However, if
you want a secure and user-friendly solution for managing your Ethereum
assets, consider investing in a hardware wallet. With a hardware wallet, you
can keep your private keys safe. Plus, some hardware wallets also offer the
option to connect to software wallet interfaces, allowing you to interact with
decentralized apps and services too.

### **What Is the Safest Ethereum Wallet?**

The safest Ethereum wallet is one that stores private keys offline. Paper
wallets and hardware wallets both offer this option, but the former comes with
a risk: their vulnerability to loss, theft and damage. As a result, the safest
Ethereum wallet is a hardware wallet.

### **What Is the Best Anonymous Ethereum Wallet?**

The best Ethereum wallet for staying anonymous is paper or hardware wallet.
Signing transactions offline makes sure you don’t accidentally reveal your
identity through your internet connected device. If you want to guarantee your
anonymity, you may even want to consider using an air-gapped wallet, although
these are not user-friendly and are best left to the crypto experts.

### **What Is the Best Free Ethereum Wallet?**

The best free Ethereum wallet depends on which features you require. Check out
the comparison table above to find out which free Ethereum wallet suits your
needs.

**Vineet Nair**  

**SHARE**

[](https://www.instagram.com/ledger
"Instagram")[](https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?u=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Ftopics%2Fsecurity%2Fbest-
ethereum-wallets
"Facebook")[](http://twitter.com/intent/tweet?via=ledger&text=The%20Best%20Ethereum%20Wallets%20in%202024&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Ftopics%2Fsecurity%2Fbest-
ethereum-wallets "Twitter")[](https://www.linkedin.com/sharing/share-
offsite/?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Ftopics%2Fsecurity%2Fbest-
ethereum-wallets
"Linkedin")[](http://reddit.com/submit?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Ftopics%2Fsecurity%2Fbest-
ethereum-wallets&title=The%20Best%20Ethereum%20Wallets%20in%202024 "Reddit")

  

Related Resources

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/ledgersolutions/how-ledger-hardware-
wallets-work)

[How Ledger Hardware Wallets
Work](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/ledgersolutions/how-ledger-
hardware-wallets-work)

__Read

8 min Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/best-bitcoin-wallets)

[The Best Bitcoin Wallets in
2024](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/best-bitcoin-wallets)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/nfts/erc-404-tokens-what-are-they-
and-how-do-they-work)

[ERC-404 Tokens: What Are They, and How Do They
Work](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/nfts/erc-404-tokens-what-are-they-
and-how-do-they-work)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-ethereum-restaking)

[What Is Ethereum Restaking?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-ethereum-
restaking)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/leather-hiro-wallet-what-it-
is-and-how-to-use-it)

[Leather (Hiro) Wallet: What It Is and How To Use
It](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/leather-hiro-wallet-what-
it-is-and-how-to-use-it)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/crypto/who-owns-the-most-bitcoin-the-
largest-bitcoin-wallet-addresses)

[Who Owns the Most Bitcoin: The Largest Bitcoin Wallet
Addresses](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/crypto/who-owns-the-most-
bitcoin-the-largest-bitcoin-wallet-addresses)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/defi/what-is-rocket-pool)

[What Is Rocket Pool?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/defi/what-is-
rocket-pool)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-the-ethereum-roadmap-next-upgrades)

[What Is the Ethereum Roadmap: Upgrades in 2024 and
Beyond](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-the-ethereum-roadmap-next-
upgrades)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/crypto/how-to-create-an-ethereum-
wallet)

[How To Create an Ethereum
Wallet](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/crypto/how-to-create-an-
ethereum-wallet)

__Read

Beginner

### Stay in touch

Announcements can be found in our blog. Press contact:  
[media@ledger.com](mailto:media@ledger.com)

  * [__](https://www.reddit.com/r/ledgerwallet/ "Ledger Reddit")
  * [__](https://www.facebook.com/Ledger/ "Ledger Facebook")
  * [__](https://www.instagram.com/ledger/ "Ledger Instagram")
  * [__](https://twitter.com/Ledger "Ledger Twitter")
  * [__](https://www.youtube.com/Ledger "Ledger Youtube")
  * [__](https://www.linkedin.com/company/ledgerhq "Ledger Linkedin company")
  * [__](https://www.tiktok.com/@ledger "Ledger Tiktok")
  * [__](https://discord.com/invite/ledger "Ledger Discord")

### Subscribe to our  
newsletter

New coins supported, blog updates and exclusive offers directly in your inbox

  

Enter your email

Register to newsletter

Your email address will only be used to send you our newsletter, as well as
updates and offers. You can unsubscribe at any time using the link included in
the newsletter.

[Learn more about how we manage your data and your
rights.](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/privacy-notice#ledger-newsletter)

__

[![](https://www.ledger.com/wp-content/themes/ledger-v2/public/images/ledger-
logo-long.svg)](https://www.ledger.com "Ledger")

  * English
    * This page is available in English only

Copyright © Ledger SAS. All rights reserved. Ledger, Ledger Stax, Ledger Nano
S, Ledger Vault, Bolos are trademarks owned by Ledger SAS.  
  
1 rue du Mail, 75002 Paris, France  
  
Payment methods  
![](/wp-content/uploads/2021/11/logo-paypal-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-crypto-s.png?v=6)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-bitpay-s.png?v=6)  
![](/wp-content/uploads/2021/11/layer1.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-visa-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-maestro-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-mastercard-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-cb-s.png?v=2)

  * Products
    * [Ledger Stax](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-stax)
    * [Ledger Nano X](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-nano-x)
    * [Ledger Nano S Plus](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-nano-s-plus)
    * [Compare our devices](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/hardware-wallets-comparison)
    * [Bundles](https://shop.ledger.com/#category-bundle)
    * [Accessories](https://shop.ledger.com/#category-accessories)
    * [All products](https://shop.ledger.com)
    * [Downloads](https://www.ledger.com/ledger-live)

  * Crypto Assets
    * [Bitcoin wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/bitcoin)
    * [Ethereum wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/ethereum)
    * [Cardano wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/cardano)
    * [XRP wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/ripple)
    * [Monero wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/monero)
    * [USDT wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/tether)
    * [See all assets](https://www.ledger.com/supported-crypto-assets)

  * Crypto Services
    * [Crypto Prices](https://www.ledger.com/coin/price)
    * [Buy crypto](https://www.ledger.com/buy)
    * [Staking crypto](https://www.ledger.com/staking)
    * [Swap crypto](https://www.ledger.com/swap)

  * For Business
    * [Ledger Enterprise Solutions](https://enterprise.ledger.com/)

  * For Startups
    * [Funding from Ledger Cathay Capital](https://www.ledger.com/cathay-ledger-fund)

  * For Developers
    * [The Developer Portal](https://developers.ledger.com/)

  * Get started
    * [Start using your Ledger device](https://www.ledger.com/start)
    * [Compatible wallets and services](https://www.ledger.com/ledger-wallets-and-services)
    * [How to buy Bitcoin](https://www.ledger.com/buy-bitcoin)
    * [Guide before buying bitcoin](https://www.ledger.com/buy-bitcoin/how)
    * [Bitcoin Hardware Wallet](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/bitcoin-hardware-wallet)

  * See also
    * [Support](https://support.ledger.com/hc)
    * [Bounty program](https://donjon.ledger.com/bounty/)
    * [Resellers](/reseller)
    * [Ledger Press Kit](https://www.ledger.com/press)
    * [Affiliates](https://www.ledgerwallet.com/affiliates/)
    * [Status](https://status.ledger.com/)
    * [Partners](/partners)

  * Careers
    * [Join us](https://www.ledger.com/career)
    * [All jobs](https://www.ledger.com/jobs)

  * About
    * [Our vision](https://www.ledger.com/blog/we-are-ledger-a-brand-vision)
    * [Ledger Academy](https://www.ledger.com/academy)
    * [The company](/the-company)
    * [The people](/the-people-behind-ledger)
    * [Diversity](https://www.ledger.com/diversity)
    * [Blog](/blog)

  * Legal
    * [Legal Center](https://www.ledger.com/legal-center)
    * [Sales Terms and Conditions](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/terms-and-conditions)
    * [Privacy Policy](https://www.ledger.com/privacy-policy)
    * [Disclaimers](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/disclaimers)

![](https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=237213137153741&ev=PageView&noscript=1)

![](https://t.co/1/i/adsct?bci=4&eci=3&event=%7B%7D&event_id=b345d78e-9a0f-46ad-
abbf-d1a54b760973&integration=gtm&p_id=Twitter&p_user_id=0&pl_id=60cf4c62-f902-465b-9d7e-40fa41432d9c&tw_document_href=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Ftopics%2Fsecurity%2Fbest-
ethereum-
wallets&tw_iframe_status=0&txn_id=nzkax&type=javascript&version=2.3.30)![](https://analytics.twitter.com/1/i/adsct?bci=4&eci=3&event=%7B%7D&event_id=b345d78e-9a0f-46ad-
abbf-d1a54b760973&integration=gtm&p_id=Twitter&p_user_id=0&pl_id=60cf4c62-f902-465b-9d7e-40fa41432d9c&tw_document_href=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Ftopics%2Fsecurity%2Fbest-
ethereum-
wallets&tw_iframe_status=0&txn_id=nzkax&type=javascript&version=2.3.30)

By clicking “Accept All Cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your
device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our
marketing efforts.

Cookies Settings Accept All Cookies

![Company Logo](https://cdn.cookielaw.org/logos/df21fb3f-71b8-491b-89ee-
eb777bcaf866/637ca236-af9d-4a40-815f-1b6a15af499d/ea9d9f41-35f0-4c24-9a83-1ef746863067/White_64.png)

## Privacy Preference Center

  * ### Your Privacy

  * ### Strictly Necessary Cookies

  * ### Performance Cookies

  * ### Functional Cookies

  * ### Targeting Cookies

  * ### Social Media Cookies

#### Your Privacy

When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your
browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you,
your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as
you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but
it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your
right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on
the different category headings to find out more and change our default
settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience
of the site and the services we are able to offer.  
[More information](https://cookiepedia.co.uk/giving-consent-to-cookies)

#### Strictly Necessary Cookies

Always Active

These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched
off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by
you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy
preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block
or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then
work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.

View Vendor Details‎

#### Performance Cookies

Performance Cookies

These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure
and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are
the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All
information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If
you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our
site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.

View Vendor Details‎

#### Functional Cookies

Functional Cookies

These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and
personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose
services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then
some or all of these services may not function properly.

View Vendor Details‎

#### Targeting Cookies

Targeting Cookies

These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They
may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show
you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal
information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet
device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted
advertising.

View Vendor Details‎

#### Social Media Cookies

Social Media Cookies

These cookies are set by a range of social media services that we have added
to the site to enable you to share our content with your friends and networks.
They are capable of tracking your browser across other sites and building up a
profile of your interests. This may impact the content and messages you see on
other websites you visit. If you do not allow these cookies you may not be
able to use or see these sharing tools.

View Vendor Details‎

Back Button

### Vendors List

Filter Button

Consent Leg.Interest

checkbox label label

checkbox label label

checkbox label label

Clear

checkbox label label

Apply Cancel

Confirm My Choices

Allow All

[![Powered by
Onetrust](https://cdn.cookielaw.org/logos/static/powered_by_logo.svg)](https://www.onetrust.com/products/cookie-
consent/)

![dot image
pixel](https://sp.analytics.yahoo.com/sp.pl?a=10000&d=Tue%2C%2028%20May%202024%2014%3A18%3A18%20GMT&n=0&b=The%20Best%20Ethereum%20Wallets%20For%20NFTs%2C%20DeFi%20and%20more%20in%202024%20%7C%20Ledger&.yp=10159916&f=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Ftopics%2Fsecurity%2Fbest-
ethereum-wallets&enc=UTF-8&yv=1.15.1&tagmgr=gtm)

