Skip to main content

[](/en/)

  * Learn
  * Use
  * Build
  * Participate
  * Research

Search```K`

Languages EN

Change page

[Overview](/en/developers/docs/)

Foundational topics

[Intro to Ethereum](/en/developers/docs/intro-to-ethereum/)

[Intro to Ether](/en/developers/docs/intro-to-ether/)

[Intro to dapps](/en/developers/docs/dapps/)

[Web2 vs Web3](/en/developers/docs/web2-vs-web3/)

[Accounts](/en/developers/docs/accounts/)

[Transactions](/en/developers/docs/transactions/)

[Blocks](/en/developers/docs/blocks/)

[Ethereum virtual machine (EVM)](/en/developers/docs/evm/)

[Opcodes](/en/developers/docs/evm/opcodes/)

[Gas](/en/developers/docs/gas/)

[Nodes and clients](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/)

[Run a node](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/run-a-node/)

[Client diversity](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/client-diversity/)

[Nodes as a service](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/nodes-as-a-
service/)

[Node architecture](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/node-architecture/)

[Light clients](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/light-clients/)

[Archive nodes](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/archive-nodes/)

[Bootnodes](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/bootnodes/)

[Networks](/en/developers/docs/networks/)

[Consensus mechanisms](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/)

[Proof-of-work](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pow/)

[Mining](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pow/mining/)

[Mining algorithms](/en/developers/docs/consensus-
mechanisms/pow/mining/mining-algorithms/)

[Dagger-Hashimoto](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pow/mining/mining-
algorithms/dagger-hashimoto/)

[Ethash](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pow/mining/mining-
algorithms/ethash/)

[Proof-of-stake](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/)

[Gasper](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/gasper/)

[Weak subjectivity](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/weak-
subjectivity/)

[Attestations](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/attestations/)

[PoS rewards and penalties](/en/developers/docs/consensus-
mechanisms/pos/rewards-and-penalties/)

[PoS attack and defense](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/attack-
and-defense/)

[Keys](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/keys/)

[Proof-of-stake versus proof-of-work](/en/developers/docs/consensus-
mechanisms/pos/pos-vs-pow/)

[Block proposal](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/block-proposal/)

[Proof-of-stake FAQs](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/faqs/)

[Proof-of-authority](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/poa/)

Ethereum stack

[Intro to the stack](/en/developers/docs/ethereum-stack/)

[Smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/)

[Smart contract languages](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/languages/)

[Smart contract anatomy](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/anatomy/)

[Smart contracts libraries](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/libraries/)

[Testing smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/testing/)

[Compiling smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/compiling/)

[Deploying smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/deploying/)

[Verifying smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/verifying/)

[Upgrading smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/upgrading/)

[Smart contract security](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/security/)

[Smart contract formal verification](/en/developers/docs/smart-
contracts/formal-verification/)

[Composability](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/composability/)

[Development networks](/en/developers/docs/development-networks/)

[Development frameworks](/en/developers/docs/frameworks/)

Ethereum client APIs

[JavaScript APIs](/en/developers/docs/apis/javascript/)

[Backend APIs](/en/developers/docs/apis/backend/)

[JSON-RPC](/en/developers/docs/apis/json-rpc/)

[Data and analytics](/en/developers/docs/data-and-analytics/)

[Block explorers](/en/developers/docs/data-and-analytics/block-explorers/)

[Storage](/en/developers/docs/storage/)

[Integrated Development Environments (IDEs)](/en/developers/docs/ides/)

[Programming languages](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/)

[Dart](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/dart/)

[Delphi](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/delphi/)

[.NET](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/dot-net/)

[Golang](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/golang/)

[Java](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/java/)

[JavaScript](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/javascript/)

[Python](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/python/)

[Ruby](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/ruby/)

[Rust](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/rust/)

Advanced

[Bridges](/en/developers/docs/bridges/)

[Standards](/en/developers/docs/standards/)

[Token standards](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/)

[ERC-20: Fungible Tokens](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/erc-20/)

[ERC-721: NFTs](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/erc-721/)

[ERC-777](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/erc-777/)

[ERC-1155](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/erc-1155/)

[ERC-4626](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/erc-4626/)

[Maximal extractable value (MEV)](/en/developers/docs/mev/)

[Oracles](/en/developers/docs/oracles/)

[Scaling](/en/developers/docs/scaling/)

[Optimistic rollups](/en/developers/docs/scaling/optimistic-rollups/)

[Zero-knowledge rollups](/en/developers/docs/scaling/zk-rollups/)

[State channels](/en/developers/docs/scaling/state-channels/)

[Sidechains](/en/developers/docs/scaling/sidechains/)

[Plasma](/en/developers/docs/scaling/plasma/)

[Validium](/en/developers/docs/scaling/validium/)

[Data availability](/en/developers/docs/data-availability/)

[Networking layer](/en/developers/docs/networking-layer/)

[Network addresses](/en/developers/docs/networking-layer/network-addresses/)

[Portal Network](/en/developers/docs/networking-layer/portal-network/)

[Data structures and encoding](/en/developers/docs/data-structures-and-
encoding/)

[Patricia Merkle Trie](/en/developers/docs/data-structures-and-
encoding/patricia-merkle-trie/)

[Recursive-length prefix (RLP)](/en/developers/docs/data-structures-and-
encoding/rlp/)

[Simple serialize (SSZ)](/en/developers/docs/data-structures-and-
encoding/ssz/)

[Web3 secret storage definition](/en/developers/docs/data-structures-and-
encoding/web3-secret-storage/)

Design fundamentals

[Intro to design and UX](/en/developers/docs/design-and-ux/)

# Client diversity

s

Last edit: [@sogobanwo(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/sogobanwo),
April 19, 2024

See contributors

On this page

  * Prerequisites
  * Why are there multiple clients?
  * Why is client diversity important?
    * Bugs
    * Resilience to attacks
    * Proof-of-stake finality
    * Shared responsibility
  * Current client diversity
  * Execution layer
  * Use a minority client
    * Execution clients
    * Consensus clients
  * Client diversity dashboards
  * Further reading
  * Related topics

The behavior of an Ethereum node is controlled by the client software it runs.
There are several production-level Ethereum clients, each one developed and
maintained in different languages by separate teams. The clients are built to
a common spec that ensures the clients seamlessly communicate with each other
and have the same functionality and provide an equivalent user experience.
However, at the moment the distribution of clients across nodes is not equal
enough to realize this network fortification to its full potential. Ideally,
users divide roughly equally across the various clients to bring as much
client diversity as possible to the network.

## Prerequisites

If you don't already understand what nodes and clients are, check out [nodes
and clients](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/). _Execution_ and
_consensus_ layers are defined in the glossary.

## Why are there multiple clients?

Multiple, independently developed and maintained clients exist because client
diversity makes the network more resilient to attacks and bugs. Multiple
clients is a strength unique to Ethereum - other blockchains rely on the
infallibility of a single client. However, it is not enough simply to have
multiple, clients available, they have to be adopted by the community and the
total active nodes distributed relatively evenly across them.

## Why is client diversity important?

Having many independently developed and maintained clients is vital for the
health of a decentralized network. Let's explore the reasons why.

### Bugs

A bug in an individual client is less of a risk to the network when
representing a minority of Ethereum nodes. With a roughly even distribution of
nodes across many clients, the likelihood of most clients suffering from a
shared issue is small, and as a result, the network is more robust.

### Resilience to attacks

Client diversity also offers resilience to attacks. For example, an attack
that [tricks a particular client(opens in a new
tab)](https://twitter.com/vdWijden/status/1437712249926393858) onto a
particular branch of the chain is unlikely to be successful because other
clients are unlikely to be exploitable in the same way and the canonical chain
remains uncorrupted. Low client diversity increases the risk associated with a
hack on the dominant client. Client diversity has already proven to be an
important defense against malicious attacks on the network, for example the
Shanghai denial-of-service attack in 2016 was possible because attackers were
able to trick the dominant client (Geth) into executing a slow disk i/o
operation tens of thousands of times per block. Because alternative clients
were also online which did not share the vulnerability, Ethereum was able to
resist the attack and continue to operate while the vulnerability in Geth was
fixed.

### Proof-of-stake finality

A bug in a consensus client with over 33% of the Ethereum nodes could prevent
the consensus layer from finalizing, meaning users could not trust that
transactions would not be reverted or changed at some point. This would be
very problematic for many of the apps built on top of Ethereum, particularly
DeFi.

![🚨](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f6a8.svg)
Worse still, a critical bug in a client with a two-thirds majority could cause
the chain to [incorrectly split and finalize(opens in a new
tab)](https://www.symphonious.net/2021/09/23/what-happens-if-beacon-chain-
consensus-fails/), leading to a large set of validators getting stuck on an
invalid chain. If they want to rejoin the correct chain, these validators face
slashing or a slow and expensive voluntary withdrawal and reactivation. The
magnitude of a slashing scales with the number of culpable nodes with a two-
thirds majority slashed maximally (32 ETH).

Although these are unlikely scenarios, the Ethereum eco-system can mitigate
their risk by evening out the distribution of clients across the active nodes.
Ideally, no consensus client would ever reach a 33% share of the total nodes.

### Shared responsibility

There is also a human cost to having majority clients. It puts excess strain
and responsibility on a small development team. The lesser the client
diversity, the greater the burden of responsibility for the developers
maintaining the majority client. Spreading this responsibility across multiple
teams is good for both the health of Ethereum's network of nodes and its
network of people.

## Current client diversity

[![Pie chart showing client
diversity](/_next/image/?url=%2Fcontent%2Fdevelopers%2Fdocs%2Fnodes-and-
clients%2Fclient-diversity%2Fclient-
diversity.png&w=1920&q=75)](/content/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/client-
diversity/client-diversity.png) _Diagram data from[ethernodes.org(opens in a
new tab)](https://ethernodes.org) and [clientdiversity.org(opens in a new
tab)](https://clientdiversity.org/)_

The two pie charts above show snapshots of the current client diversity for
the execution and consensus layers (at time of writing in January 2022). The
execution layer is overwhelmingly dominated by [Geth(opens in a new
tab)](https://geth.ethereum.org/), with [Open Ethereum(opens in a new
tab)](https://openethereum.github.io/) a distant second, [Erigon(opens in a
new tab)](https://github.com/ledgerwatch/erigon) third and [Nethermind(opens
in a new tab)](https://nethermind.io/) fourth, with other clients comprising
less than 1 % of the network. The most commonly used client on the consensus
layer - [Prysm(opens in a new tab)](https://prysmaticlabs.com/#projects) \- is
not as dominant as Geth but still represents over 60% of the network.
[Lighthouse(opens in a new tab)](https://lighthouse.sigmaprime.io/) and
[Teku(opens in a new tab)](https://consensys.net/knowledge-
base/ethereum-2/teku/) make up ~20% and ~14% respectively, and other clients
are rarely used.

The execution layer data were obtained from [Ethernodes(opens in a new
tab)](https://ethernodes.org) on 23-Jan-2022. Data for consensus clients was
obtained from [Michael Sproul(opens in a new
tab)](https://github.com/sigp/blockprint). Consensus client data is more
difficult to obtain because the consensus layer clients do not always have
unambiguous traces that can be used to identify them. The data was generated
using a classification algorithm that sometimes confuses some of the minority
clients (see [here(opens in a new
tab)](https://twitter.com/sproulM_/status/1440512518242197516) for more
details). In the diagram above, these ambiguous classifications are treated
with an either/or label (e.g. Nimbus/Teku). Nevertheless, it is clear that the
majority of the network is running Prysm. The data is a snapshot over a fixed
set of blocks (in this case Beacon blocks in slots 2048001 to 2164916) and
Prysm's dominance has sometimes been higher, exceeding 68%. Despite only being
snapshots, the values in the diagram provide a good general sense of the
current state of client diversity.

Up to date client diversity data for the consensus layer is now available at
[clientdiversity.org(opens in a new tab)](https://clientdiversity.org/).

## Execution layer

Until now, the conversation around client diversity has focused mainly on the
consensus layer. However, the execution client [Geth(opens in a new
tab)](https://geth.ethereum.org) currently accounts for around 85% of all
nodes. This percentage is problematic for the same reasons as for consensus
clients. For example, a bug in Geth affecting transaction handling or
constructing execution payloads could lead to consensus clients finalizing
problematic or bugged transactions. Therefore, Ethereum would be healthier
with a more even distribution of execution clients, ideally with no client
representing more than 33% of the network.

## Use a minority client

Addressing client diversity requires more than individual users to choose
minority clients - it requires mining/validator pools and institutions like
the major dapps and exchanges to switch clients too. However, all users can do
their part in redressing the current imbalance and normalizing the use of all
the available Ethereum software. After The Merge, all node operators will be
required to run an execution client and a consensus client. Choosing
combinations of the clients suggested below will help increase client
diversity.

### Execution clients

[Besu(opens in a new tab)](https://www.hyperledger.org/use/besu)

[Nethermind(opens in a new tab)](https://downloads.nethermind.io/)

[Erigon(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/ledgerwatch/erigon)

[Go-Ethereum(opens in a new tab)](https://geth.ethereum.org/)

### Consensus clients

[Nimbus(opens in a new tab)](https://nimbus.team/)

[Lighthouse(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/sigp/lighthouse)

[Teku(opens in a new tab)](https://consensys.net/knowledge-
base/ethereum-2/teku/)

[Lodestar(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/ChainSafe/lodestar)

[Prysm(opens in a new tab)](https://docs.prylabs.network/docs/getting-started)

Technical users can help accelerate this process by writing more tutorials and
documentation for minority clients and encouraging their node-operating peers
to migrate away from the dominant clients. Guides for switching to a minority
consensus client are available on [clientdiversity.org(opens in a new
tab)](https://clientdiversity.org/).

## Client diversity dashboards

Several dashboards give real-time client diversity statistics for the
execution and consensus layer.

**Consensus layer:**

  * [Rated.network(opens in a new tab)](https://www.rated.network/)

  * [clientdiversity.org(opens in a new tab)](https://clientdiversity.org/) **Execution layer:**

  * [supermajority.info(opens in a new tab)](https://supermajority.info//)

  * [Ethernodes(opens in a new tab)](https://ethernodes.org/)

## Further reading

  * [Client diversity on Ethereum's consensus layer(opens in a new tab)](https://mirror.xyz/jmcook.eth/S7ONEka_0RgtKTZ3-dakPmAHQNPvuj15nh0YGKPFriA)
  * [Ethereum Merge: Run the majority client at your own peril!(opens in a new tab)](https://dankradfeist.de/ethereum/2022/03/24/run-the-majority-client-at-your-own-peril.html) – _Dankrad Fiest, March 24 2022_
  * [Importance of client diversity(opens in a new tab)](https://our.status.im/the-importance-of-client-diversity/)
  * [List of Ethereum node services(opens in a new tab)](https://ethereumnodes.com/)
  * ["Five Whys" of the client diversity problem(opens in a new tab)](https://notes.ethereum.org/@afhGjrKfTKmksTOtqhB9RQ/BJGj7uh08)
  * [Ethereum Diversity and How to Solve For It (YouTube)(opens in a new tab)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1hZgCaiqwfU)
  * [clientdiversity.org(opens in a new tab)](https://clientdiversity.org/)

## Related topics

  * [Run an Ethereum node](/en/run-a-node/)
  * [Nodes and clients](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/)

back-to-top ↑

### Was this article helpful?

YesNo

![👈](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f448.svg)

Previous

[Run a node](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/run-a-node/)

![👉](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f449.svg)

Next

[Nodes as a service](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/nodes-as-a-
service/)

  * [Edit page(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/ethereum/ethereum-org-website/tree/dev/public/content/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/client-diversity/index.md)
  * On this page

    * Prerequisites
    * Why are there multiple clients?
    * Why is client diversity important?
      * Bugs
      * Resilience to attacks
      * Proof-of-stake finality
      * Shared responsibility
    * Current client diversity
    * Execution layer
    * Use a minority client
      * Execution clients
      * Consensus clients
    * Client diversity dashboards
    * Further reading
    * Related topics

Website last updated: May 22, 2024

[(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/ethereum/ethereum-org-
website)[(opens in a new tab)](https://twitter.com/ethdotorg)[(opens in a new
tab)](https://discord.gg/ethereum-org)

### Learn

  * [Learn Hub](/en/learn/)
  * [What is Ethereum?](/en/what-is-ethereum/)
  * [What is ether (ETH)?](/en/eth/)
  * [Ethereum wallets](/en/wallets/)
  * [What is Web3?](/en/web3/)
  * [Smart contracts](/en/smart-contracts/)
  * [Gas fees](/en/gas/)
  * [Run a node](/en/run-a-node/)
  * [Ethereum security and scam prevention](/en/security/)
  * [Quiz Hub](/en/quizzes/)
  * [Ethereum glossary](/en/glossary/)

### Use

  * [Guides](/en/guides/)
  * [Choose your wallet](/en/wallets/find-wallet/)
  * [Get ETH](/en/get-eth/)
  * [Dapps - Decentralized applications](/en/dapps/)
  * [Stablecoins](/en/stablecoins/)
  * [NFTs - Non-fungible tokens](/en/nft/)
  * [DeFi - Decentralized finance](/en/defi/)
  * [DAOs - Decentralized autonomous organizations](/en/dao/)
  * [Decentralized identity](/en/decentralized-identity/)
  * [Stake ETH](/en/staking/)
  * [Layer 2](/en/layer-2/)

### Build

  * [Builder's home](/en/developers/)
  * [Tutorials](/en/developers/tutorials/)
  * [Documentation](/en/developers/docs/)
  * [Learn by coding](/en/developers/learning-tools/)
  * [Set up local environment](/en/developers/local-environment/)
  * [Grants](/en/community/grants/)
  * [Foundational topics](/en/developers/docs/intro-to-ethereum/)
  * [UX/UI design fundamentals](/en/developers/docs/design-and-ux/)
  * [Enterprise - Mainnet Ethereum](/en/enterprise/)
  * [Enterprise - Private Ethereum](/en/enterprise/private-ethereum/)

### Participate

  * [Community hub](/en/community/)
  * [Online communities](/en/community/online/)
  * [Ethereum events](/en/community/events/)
  * [Contributing to ethereum.org](/en/contributing/)
  * [Translation Program](/en/contributing/translation-program/)
  * [Ethereum bug bounty program](/en/bug-bounty/)
  * [Ethereum Foundation](/en/foundation/)
  * [Ethereum Foundation Blog(opens in a new tab)](https://blog.ethereum.org/)
  * [Ecosystem Support Program(opens in a new tab)](https://esp.ethereum.foundation)
  * [Devcon(opens in a new tab)](https://devcon.org/)

### Research

  * [Ethereum Whitepaper](/en/whitepaper/)
  * [Ethereum roadmap](/en/roadmap/)
  * [Improved security](/en/roadmap/security/)
  * [Technical history of Ethereum](/en/history/)
  * [Open research](/en/community/research/)
  * [Ethereum Improvement Proposals](/en/eips/)
  * [Ethereum governance](/en/governance/)

  * [About us](/en/about/)
  * [Ethereum brand assets](/en/assets/)
  * [Code of conduct](/en/community/code-of-conduct/)
  * [Jobs](/en/about/#open-jobs)
  * [Privacy policy](/en/privacy-policy/)
  * [Terms of use](/en/terms-of-use/)
  * [Cookie policy](/en/cookie-policy/)
  * [Press Contact(opens in a new tab)](mailto:press@ethereum.org)

Is this page helpful?

### Execution layer

Ethereum's execution layer is the network of [execution
clients](/en/glossary/#execution-client).

### Consensus layer

Ethereum's consensus layer is the network of [consensus
clients](/en/glossary/#consensus-client).

