[](/)

[ staking ](/staking)

protocols

[ bridges ](/bridges)

[ oracles ](/oracles)

[ liquid staking ](/liquid-staking)

business

[ development ](/products/)

[ institutional staking ](/institutional-staking)

[ everstake capital ](https://everstake.capital/)

[ blog ](/blog)

about us

[ about company ](/about)

[ our products ](/products)

[ crypto reports ](/crypto-reports)

[ chatgpt plugin ](/everstake-chatgpt-plugin-leading-crypto-ai-for-optimal-
staking)

[ eth staking ](/staking/ethereum)

[stake now](/staking)

[](/)

  1. [home](/)
  2. / [ staking ](/staking)
  3. / [ ethereum ](/staking/ethereum)

Your browser does not support HTML5 video.

non-custodial

Enjoy Everstake's Fully Insured, Auto-Compounding Staking Solution

ETHEReUM staking

Enjoy Everstake's Fully Insured, Auto-Compounding Staking Solution

FROM 0.1 ETH

FEE: 10%

EASY STAKE

Stake as little as 0.1 ETH with Everstake

[~4-10% APR ](https://stake.everstake.one/ethereum/)

FROM 32 ETH

LOWER FEE

INSTITUTIONAL

Stake 32+ ETH with Everstake

~4-10% APR

FROM 320 ETH

SPECIAL RATES

Custom Fee rates

Stake 320+ ETH with Everstake and  
enjoy special conditions

[BOOK A CALL ](https://calendly.com/everstake-meeting/30min)

#  Ethereum Staking, Rewards, Calculator and Yield

eth

![Ethereum Logo in
Cube](https://res.cloudinary.com/dnwjaqvaw/image/upload/v1686327349/dashboard-
chains/chain_184.png)

Ethereumstats

4%

apr

4%

apr

price

3870.73 $

reward frequency

Per epoch

CALCULATE your PROFIT

ENTER your AMOUNT

EVERSTAKE FEE: 10 %

your earnings will be:

daily

0.00 eth

monthly

0.00 eth

yearly

0.01 eth

The calculations only give an approximate amount, as the price fluctuates.

calculator – your earnings

daily

0.00 eth

monthly

0.00 eth

yearly

0.01 eth

price

3870.73 $

reward frequency

Per epoch

EASY STAKING

Stake as little as 0.1+ ETH

HOW IT WORKS

Everstake 0.1+ ETH staking solution is a protocol enabling one to stake
amounts under 32 ETH.

Once combined users’ deposits exceed 32 ETH, a new validator launches and
starts generating rewards.

The rewards are re-staked automatically, increasing pool shares of respective
users and their next rewards.

Your rewards are proportional to your stake. They are automatically added to
your main stake each time you receive them to accumulate a higher yield next
time.

![Ethereum Logo in
Cube](https://res.cloudinary.com/dnwjaqvaw/image/upload/v1686327349/dashboard-
chains/chain_184.png)

STEP-BY-STEP GUIDE

We're thrilled to introduce our latest solution that allows everyone to stake
Ethereum with as little as 0.1 ETH. Duly audited by
[ChainSecurity](https://chainsecurity.com/security-audit/everstake-
eth-b2c-staking/) and [Ackee](https://ackeeblockchain.com/blog/everstake-
ethereum-staking-protocol-audit-summary/), it makes staking easy and safe.  
Follow the steps in this guide to stake your ETH with Everstake.

[STAKE NOW](https://stake.everstake.one/ethereum/)

SAFETY

Our 0.1+ ETH staking solution has been audited by ChainSecurity, ensuring it
meets industry standards for safety and reliability. This adds an extra layer
of confidence for our users.

[View Report ](https://chainsecurity.com/security-audit/everstake-
eth-b2c-staking/)

Our staking platform also passed an audit by Ackee, affirming its security and
operational excellence. This further boosts the security of Everstake's
staking experience.

[View Report ](https://ackeeblockchain.com/blog/everstake-ethereum-staking-
protocol-audit-summary/)

0.1+ ETH STAKING

Simplicity

We stripped the staking process down to the bare essentials, removing the
complexity, maximizing clarity, and minimizing the likelihood of errors.

Scalability

Everstake's API for the 0.1+ ETH staking solution makes reward tracking and
displaying automatic while the low entry threshold allows more users to start
delegating ETH.

Safety

Everstake's smart contracts have undergone several security audits by the
industry's leading auditor companies, including ChainSecurity and Ackee. This
ensures the solution is duly checked and completely safe to use.

Auto-compounding

The rewards generated through staking are added to the main stake
automatically. This ensures that the stake gradually increases, thus producing
a higher reward every next time.

Control

Everstake's ETH staking solution is 100% non-custodial, so users retain full
control of their funds, including staking, unstaking, withdrawal, and reward
management.

Integration

Everstake's Wallet SDK enables any developer to integrate staking
functionality in their wallet in one day even without prior experience.
Implement ETH staking with Everstake in your wallet with our JavaScript
library.

[STEP-BY-STEP GUIDE ](https://wallet-sdk.everstake.one/guide/ethereum/getting-
started.html)

EVERSTAKE UI

Stake natively on the Everstake website

[Stake now ](https://stake.everstake.one/ethereum/)

SDK

Implement a seamless staking experience for your project with our JavaScript
library

[view docs ](https://wallet-sdk.everstake.one/guide/ethereum/getting-
started.html)

## Want to start STAKING ETHEREUM?

## Let’s talk!

Everstake’s Business Development team is always in search of new ways to be
useful to our partners and exceed their expectations.

[Book a Call ](https://calendly.com/everstake-meeting/30min)

## ETH Staking Explained: From Ethereum Staking Calculator to Staking Pool
Insights & Boosting Rewards for Optimal APY

Blockchain technology has revolutionized our financial landscape by
introducing cryptocurrencies and crypto-assets, promising high returns and
decentralization. One of the key mechanisms in maintaining and securing these
networks is 'staking.'

When it comes to staking, the choice of validator is vital for maximizing
profits and securing your assets. This is where Everstake comes in, a renowned
staking platform with a proven track record.

As an esteemed staking validator, Everstake prioritizes security, performance,
and reliable returns for investors. Being a non-custodial service, we ensure
your assets remain under your control at all times. Whether you are interested
in Ethereum staking or other cryptocurrencies, we make it easy for you to
participate and profit from the staking economy.

But, what sets Everstake apart from the competition? Why are we hailed as the
[best crypto staking validator](https://everstake.one/)? How do our nodes
crypto contribute to the larger crypto ecosystem? And more importantly, how
can you start staking on the Everstake platform?

This comprehensive guide aims to answer all these questions and more. We will
delve into the intricacies of staking, the benefits of choosing top validators
like Everstake, our performance metrics, and how to kickstart your staking
journey. Additionally, we'll provide insights into Ethereum staking, including
our ETH staking calculator and ETH staking pool, ensuring you have all the
necessary tools to thrive in this exciting financial landscape.

Welcome to the future of crypto investing. Welcome to
[Everstake](https://everstake.one/).

### Table of Contents

  1. ETH Staking Explained: From Ethereum Staking Calculator to Staking Pool Insights & Boosting Rewards for Optimal APY
    1. Everstake Staking Validator Overview
    2. Why We Are the Best Crypto Staking Validator?
      1. Role of Crypto Nodes in Crypto
      2. Non-custodial Services by Everstake
    3. Benefits of Top Validators
    4. Performance of Top Validators
      1. Performance Importance in Ethereum Staking
      2. How Top Staking Platforms Achieve Excellence
    5. Starting Staking with Top Validators
      1. Staking on Everstake Platform Guide
    6. Everstake and it’s Staking Features
      1. Ethereum Staking Calculator
      2. Ethereum Staking Pool
      3. Ethereum Staking Compatibility

### Everstake Staking Validator Overview

Stake company Everstake is a leading staking service platform that empowers
cryptocurrency investors to earn passive income by participating in blockchain
network operations. As a staking validator, we are responsible for validating
transactions, creating new blocks, and maintaining the stability and security
of the blockchain network.

Our expansive list of supported blockchain networks, including Ethereum, makes
Everstake a universal [staking platform](https://everstake.one/staking) where
you can manage and stake a wide array of cryptocurrencies in one place.

We take pride in our robust infrastructure, high-end security systems, and a
team of experienced blockchain engineers and developers dedicated to ensuring
the smooth operation of our staking platform.

Everstake also boasts a user-friendly interface and an easy-to-use staking
mechanism that helps both seasoned and novice crypto enthusiasts make the most
out of their investments.

Additionally, our platform offers comprehensive educational resources and
market insights, which allow you to stay updated with the latest crypto trends
and make informed staking decisions.

### Why We Are the Best Crypto Staking Validator?

Everstake’s reputation as one of the best crypto staking validators is well-
earned, backed by our relentless dedication to optimal performance, unmatched
security, and outstanding customer service.

  * **Optimal Performance:** Staking is a game where performance plays a pivotal role, and Everstake shines in this area. We've invested in a robust infrastructure maintained by experienced blockchain professionals to ensure minimal downtime and high uptime. 

This operational excellence allows us to swiftly validate transactions and
maximizes staking rewards for our users.

  * **Unmatched Security:** In the world of digital assets, security is paramount. At Everstake, we've implemented state-of-the-art security measures to safeguard your investments. Our platform operates on a non-custodial model, meaning you maintain complete control over your assets. 

This approach drastically reduces the risk of asset mismanagement or
misconduct.

  * **Unparalleled Customer Support:** Everstake stands out for its commitment to customer satisfaction. Our customer-centric philosophy drives us to empower users with the necessary resources and knowledge to navigate the often complex staking landscape. 

We offer detailed guides, market insights, and personalized advice to cater to
our users' unique needs.

  * **Future-Ready Adaptability:** Everstake thrives on its ability to adapt to the ever-evolving crypto space. We continuously expand our support for new cryptocurrencies, enhance our platform with innovative features, and refine our services to deliver an optimal staking experience. 

When you stake with Everstake, you're not only investing in the present but
also future-proofing your crypto assets.

#### Role of Crypto Nodes in Crypto

Crypto nodes are integral to the functionality and security of blockchain
networks. They maintain a copy of the entire blockchain, validate
transactions, and uphold the decentralization principle that underpins the
crypto ecosystem. The more nodes a network has, the more decentralized,
secure, and reliable it is.

As a staking validator, Everstake operates multiple crypto nodes across
various blockchain networks. These nodes help process transactions, secure the
network, and generate staking rewards for our clients.

Therefore, our work as a staking platform directly contributes to the larger
crypto ecosystem's health and vitality.

#### Non-custodial Services by Everstake

At Everstake, we understand the importance of maintaining full control over
your digital assets. That's why we offer non-custodial staking services.

This means that while we provide the infrastructure and expertise for staking
and validating transactions, the control of your cryptocurrencies remains in
your hands.

This approach provides several benefits:

  * **** Firstly, it enhances security as there's no central point of failure that attackers could exploit. 
  * **** Secondly, it ensures transparency, as investors can monitor their assets at any time.
  * **** Lastly, it promotes trust as it eliminates the risk of mismanagement of assets.

With Everstake's non-custodial services, you enjoy all the benefits of staking
while retaining complete control over your investments.

### Benefits of Top Validators

Engaging with top-tier staking validators like Everstake provides a myriad of
benefits to crypto investors.

The most prominent advantages include enhanced security, consistent
performance, user-friendly interfaces, technical support, educational
resources, and flexibility to stake multiple cryptocurrencies.

These validators maintain a high level of integrity and transparency, ensuring
that investors' assets are secure and that they earn the maximum possible
rewards from staking.

Top validators also possess a deep understanding of the crypto market, staying
ahead of trends, and regularly updating their platforms to support new
cryptocurrencies.

With their help, investors can navigate the complex crypto landscape, broaden
their investment portfolio, and significantly enhance their potential returns.

### Performance of Top Validators

The performance of staking validators plays a critical role in the success of
your staking investment.

Top validators are characterized by consistent uptime, efficient transaction
validation, and prompt distribution of rewards.

This level of performance not only secures the blockchain network but also
ensures that users receive their due rewards on time.

#### Performance Importance in Ethereum Staking

In Ethereum staking, performance is key. Ethereum 2.0, the proof-of-stake
version of Ethereum, relies heavily on validators to maintain network security
and functionality.

Validators are selected randomly to propose and attest blocks, and those with
consistent uptime have a higher chance of being selected.

Consistent performance is also crucial to maximize earnings from staking.
Validators that fail to be online when selected for block proposing or
attestation can face penalties, reducing their staking rewards.

On the contrary, top-performing validators with high uptime and efficient
operations maximize staking rewards for their clients.

Hence, when staking Ethereum, it's imperative to select a validator like
Everstake that guarantees optimal performance.

#### How Top Staking Platforms Achieve Excellence

Top staking platforms achieve excellence through a blend of advanced
technology, expert knowledge, and rigorous operational procedures. They invest
in high-end servers and robust network infrastructure to ensure maximum uptime
and seamless transaction validations.

These platforms also boast teams of seasoned blockchain experts who monitor
network activities around the clock, swiftly address issues, and adapt to the
evolving blockchain landscape. This commitment to continual improvement
enhances platform performance and, in turn, the returns for stakers.

Additionally, top staking platforms have stringent security protocols in
place, ensuring the safety of staked assets. They also adopt transparent
practices that allow stakers to track their assets and earnings easily.

In essence, the excellence of top staking platforms lies in their unwavering
commitment to performance, security, and transparency.

### Starting Staking with Top Validators

Beginning your staking journey with top validators like Everstake is
straightforward, thanks to their user-friendly interfaces and step-by-step
guides.

Investing with top validators ensures you’re entrusting your assets to
platforms that prioritize security, performance, and user experience, making
your staking journey as profitable and hassle-free as possible.

#### Staking on Everstake Platform Guide

Here is a step-by-step guide on how to start staking on the Everstake
platform:

  1. **Step 1: Visit the Everstake.one Platform**

Start your staking journey by navigating to the Everstake.one website. You'll
find the 'Stake Now' option conveniently located in the upper corner of our
homepage. Just give that a click!

  2. **Step 2: Choose Your Staking Option**

Everstake is proud to support a broad selection of cryptocurrencies for
staking, catering to diverse investor preferences. Choose the best staking
crypto options that align perfectly with your investment strategy.

  3. **Step 3: Start Staking**

Look at the staking calculator. Confirm your staking decision, and the staking
process will commence. You can now sit back and watch your investment grow
over time.

### Everstake and it’s Staking Features

Everstake is deeply involved in the Ethereum ecosystem, providing investors
with robust tools and resources to optimize their [Ethereum
staking](https://everstake.one/staking/ethereum) experience.

We offer an [Ethereum staking](https://everstake.one/staking/ethereum)
calculator, a dedicated Ethereum staking pool, and ensure our platform's
compatibility with the Ethereum staking protocol.

#### Ethereum Staking Calculator

Our Ethereum staking calculator is a powerful tool designed to help investors
estimate their potential earnings from staking Ethereum. By inputting your ETH
amount, the calculator provides an approximation of daily, monthly, and yearly
staking rewards.

It takes into account various factors like network inflation, total ETH staked
in the network, and current Ethereum price, enabling investors to make
informed decisions about their staking strategy.

#### Ethereum Staking Pool

Everstake operates a dedicated Ethereum staking pool to support Ethereum 2.0's
Proof-of-Stake protocol. In our staking pool, investors can pool their
Ethereum together to meet the minimum staking requirement set by Ethereum 2.0
(32 ETH).

By staking in our pool, investors can earn rewards proportionate to their
staked amount, regardless of the total pool size.

Our pool's structure allows for smaller investors to participate in Ethereum
staking without needing to meet the high minimum staking threshold
independently.

#### Ethereum Staking Compatibility

Everstake ensures full compatibility with Ethereum's staking protocol. Our
platform follows the Ethereum 2.0 protocol requirements, including running
Ethereum 2.0 compatible software, supporting validator operations, and
maintaining the minimum 32 ETH staking balance per validator.

By staking on Everstake, investors can rest assured that their Ethereum assets
are managed in strict accordance with Ethereum's staking protocol, ensuring
the security and profitability of their investments.

## faq

###  What is staking in crypto?

+

Crypto staking involves participating in a blockchain network by holding and
'staking' tokens in a wallet to support network operations like transaction
validation and governance. Stakers typically receive additional tokens as
rewards.

###  How do you start coin staking?

+

Starting coin staking involves choosing a stakable cryptocurrency, acquiring
it, selecting a reputable staking platform or wallet, transferring your coins
to the platform, and initiating the staking process. Once staking, you can
earn rewards.

###  What are the risks of staking crypto?

+

Staking crypto risks include volatility in the coin's value, lock-up periods
where you can't access your tokens, and slashing penalties in some networks if
rules are violated, leading to loss of a portion of your staked coins.

###  What is ETH 2.0?

+

Ethereum 2.0 is a large–scale upgrade of the basic blockchain network, in
which the transition from PoW-mining (Proof-of-Work) to POS (Proof-of-Stake)
or staking will be implemented. What will happen with the old miners? You can
read about it [here](https://medium.com/everstake/ethereum-2-0-blockchain-
platform-validators-projects-prospects-and-risks-8419be50f8a3).

###  What are the differences between ETH and ETH 2.0?

+

The key difference is the consensus algorithm. After the upgrade, holders will
be able to launch nodes and receive rewards for their PoS stake. Switching to
PoS will improve security, network speed, and energy efficiency. A more
detailed description can be found in our article
[here](https://medium.com/everstake/f-a-q-on-ethereum-2-0-b16056d82b52).

###  What is the minimum amount of ETH I can stake?

+

Currently, the minimum number of coins to stake on our platform is 0.01 ETH.
In this case, you will have to wait until the pool of 32 ETH fills out. After
that, we will assign you a Validator Address.

###  How can I stake ETH?

+

1\. Connect your wallet to the Everstake Smart Contract

2\. Deposit the amount of ETH you would like to stake. Note: if you stake less
than 32 ETH you will have to wait until the pool of 32 ETH fills out to start
earning rewards.

3\. In the period of time that is defined by the validator queue to join the
network (currently ~14 days) we will assign your Validator Address so that you
can track it’s performance on [beaconcha](https://beaconcha.in/)

###  How does Everstake Smart Contract work?

+

Our Smart Contract gathers ETH and assigns funds to the appropriate validator.
Once 32 ETH has accumulated, our team will ensure the highest uptime. This
includes securing and monitoring the deposited stakes as well as performing
necessary updates to the staking software.

###  When will I start getting rewards?

+

Only 900 Validators can be activated each day on the ETH network. The time of
activation will depend on the number of validators in line. Currently, there
are approximately 90,000 validators, which equals 14 days.

###  How do I get rewarded for ETH 2.0 staking?

+

Rewards vary depending on the rules of the Ethereum staking protocol,
including how much ETH has been staked at a given time. Rewards are expected
to be between 4% to 7% per year. Staking Rewards APR Curve can be found on the
[Ethereum Launchpad page](https://launchpad.ethereum.org/en/).

###  IS THERE STILL A PERIOD MY STAKED ETH AND ETH STAKING REWARDS SHOULD BE
LOCKED UP FOR?

+

Following the Shapella (Shanghai + Capella) upgrade in April 2022, staked ETH
and accumulated rewards became available for unstaking. This means that you
can unstake your funds at any time.

Still, you must keep in mind that there is a withdrawal period after the
unstaking period, and the funds can go back to your wallet only once it has
elapsed. Its duration depends on the number of users exiting the network at
the same time as you. To learn the actual numbers, please check the
[Withdrawal queue length on the Rated
Explorer](https://explorer.rated.network/network?network=mainnet&timeWindow=1d&rewardsMetric=average&geoDistType=all&hostDistType=all&soloProDist=stake#:~:text=Withdrawal%20queue%20length).

###  HOW LONG WILL IT TAKE TO UNSTAKE MY STAKED ETH AND ETH STAKING REWARDS?

+

There is no strict period for this. The unstaking itself, i.e., the moment you
stop earning rewards, usually takes up to 1 day, but the actual duration may
vary. Check the Exit queue length on the [Rated
Explorer](https://explorer.rated.network/network?network=mainnet&timeWindow=1d&rewardsMetric=average&geoDistType=all&hostDistType=all&soloProDist=stake#:~:text=14%2C276%20VALIDATORS-,Exit%20queue%20length,-1h%2016m)
for real-time data.

Note that there is a withdrawal period after the unstaking period and the
funds can go back to your wallet only once it has elapsed. Its duration
depends on the number of users exiting the network at the same time as you. To
learn the actual numbers, please check the [Withdrawal queue length on the
Rated
Explorer](https://explorer.rated.network/network?network=mainnet&timeWindow=1d&rewardsMetric=average&geoDistType=all&hostDistType=all&soloProDist=stake#:~:text=Withdrawal%20queue%20length).

### subscribe

Learn more about staking from a few letters

#### to our newsletter

your e-mail

subscribe

Please enter a valid email address

You are subscribed!

You will receive on-time and unique content through our newsletter

####  Have questions?  
We’re always there to answer!

Our distributed team of 20+ community managers is online 24/7 and is ready to
assist you.

[ Book a call with us
](https://calendar.google.com/calendar/u/0/appointments/schedules/AcZssZ0P1Gk5eYeQcs5shpHMUuvO3WFZHgqZuq3ZNJitr-
IfHxnIzPT_WDX-FRMukAHclS7wAhkY0Ahx)[ Follow us on Twitter
](https://twitter.com/everstake_pool)[ Stay in touch via Discord
](https://discord.gg/NvcW47V3Xb)

Everstake

[ Terms of Use ](/docs/terms-of-use.pdf) & [ Privacy Policy ](/docs/privacy-
policy.pdf)

Copyright © 2024 Everstake

[ staking ](/staking)

[ status ](https://status.everstake.one/)

[ Report vulnerability ](/report-vulnerability)

[ about us ](/about)

[ business ](/institutional-staking)

[](https://twitter.com/everstake_pool) [](https://www.reddit.com/r/Everstake/)
[](https://www.linkedin.com/company/everstakeofficial/)
[](https://www.youtube.com/@everstake7336)

[](https://www.stakingrewards.com/savings/everstake/)

Everstake

[ Terms of Use ](/docs/terms-of-use.pdf) & [ Privacy Policy ](/docs/privacy-
policy.pdf)

Copyright © 2024 Everstake

This website uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience

close

got it

Everstake

642 subscribers

[How to stake Ethereum starting from 0.1 ETH with
Everstake](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yKEvapFQ4uM)

[]()

Everstake

Search

Watch later

Share

Copy link

Info

Shopping

Tap to unmute

If playback doesn't begin shortly, try restarting your device.

More videos

## More videos

You're signed out

Videos you watch may be added to the TV's watch history and influence TV
recommendations. To avoid this, cancel and sign in to YouTube on your
computer.

CancelConfirm

Share

Include playlist

An error occurred while retrieving sharing information. Please try again
later.

[Watch
on](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yKEvapFQ4uM&embeds_referring_euri=https%3A%2F%2Feverstake.one%2F&feature=emb_imp_woyt)

0:00

0:00 / 1:58•Live

•

[](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yKEvapFQ4uM "Watch on YouTube")

# An error occurred.

[Try watching this video on
www.youtube.com](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yKEvapFQ4uM), or enable
JavaScript if it is disabled in your browser.

