Metaco.com will be sunset as of June 7, 2024

[Learn more](https://ripple.com/solutions/digital-asset-custody/ "Learn more")

Skip to main content

[![Metaco](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/logo.svg?x88149)![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/logo-w.svg?x88149)](https://www.metaco.com)

  * Solutions __

__Solutions

Solutions

    * [__Global Custodians Build tomorrow's market infrastructure ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/global-custodians-top-tier-banks/)
    * [__Universal Banks Satisfy demand for new asset classes ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/universal-banks/)
    * [__Neobanks & FintechsFind new routes to monetization ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/neobanks-fintechs/)
    * [__Regulated Exchanges Grow volumes and profit margins ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/regulated-exchanges/)
    * [__Corporates Boost customer loyalty and engagement ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/corporates/)

  * Platform __

__Platform

Platform

Deploy ambitious digital asset use cases with the most secure and versatile
infrastructure.

    * [__Harmonize™ Platform Overview Issue, store, trade, transfer, settle and service any type of digital asset. ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/harmonize/)
    * [__Custody Hot, warm and institutional cold storage ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/custody/)
    * [__Trading Powerful order execution, funding and settlement ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/trading/)
    * [__Web3 Web3 Portal spanning NFTs, DeFi and DApps ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/web3/)
    * [__Governance Entirely customizable risk and compliance controls ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/governance/)
    * [__Orchestration A single source of truth for managing all digital assets ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/orchestration/)
    * [__Tokenization Asset-agnostic smart contract management framework ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/tokenization/)
    * [__Integration Fully integrable platform following enterprise standards ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/integration/)
    * [__Security Highest protection against insider and external threats ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/security/)

  * Company __

__Company

Company

    * [__About](https://www.metaco.com/company/about/)
    * [__Media & news](https://www.metaco.com/company/media-coverage-press-releases/)
    * [__Careers](https://www.metaco.com/careers/)

  * Resources __

__Resources

Resources

    * [__Talks](https://www.metaco.com/resources/talks/)
    * [__Webinars](https://www.metaco.com/resources/webinars/)
    * [__Case studies](https://www.metaco.com/resources/case-studies/)
    * [__Reports](https://www.metaco.com/resources/reports/)
    * [__Blog](https://www.metaco.com/resources/blog/)

[Contact](https://www.metaco.com/contact/ "Contact")

[Press release](https://www.metaco.com/category/press-release/)

# Metaco launches SILO© allowing banks to take secure custody of crypto assets

  *  __ May 22, 2019
  *  __5 min

Share

  * [ __](https://www.linkedin.com/sharing/share-offsite/?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.metaco.com%2Fpress-release%2Fmetaco-launches-silo-allowing-banks-to-take-secure-custody-of-crypto-assets%2F)
  * [__](https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Metaco+https%3A%2F%2Fwww.metaco.com%2Fpress-release%2Fmetaco-launches-silo-allowing-banks-to-take-secure-custody-of-crypto-assets%2F+via+%40metaco_sa)

#### Geneva, 24 January 2018

Last night, at its gala launch event at the Metropole Hotel in Geneva, Metaco,
a Swiss leader in the field of distributed ledgers and digital currencies,
announced the launch of its new solution, SILO©, which allows banks to take
safe custody of their clients’ cryptocurrency assets.

Even though cryptocurrencies, such as Bitcoin and Ethereum, have become much
more popular over the last 12 months, they remain extremely difficult to
store. Individual holders are required to keep safe a private key, which many
forget, lose or have stolen, while many cryptocurrency exchanges have gone of
business, committed fraud or been hacked. It is estimated that, just for
Bitcoin, over 2 million coins have been stolen at least once, representing
more than USD22bn at today’s prices.

Metaco, a Swiss company with clients such SIX Group and Postfinance that has
been operating in the cryptocurrency market since 2014, aims to solve this
issue, which remains one of the last major hurdles for more widespread
adoption of cryptocurrencies.

The SILO© solution, launched to an audience of over 80 senior bankers in
Geneva last night, brings together cutting-edge software from Metaco with
cutting edge hardware from Guardtime, a company which specialises in
protecting firms and nation states from cyberattacks. The patented multi-
wallet solution deployed partly on-premise and partly in the cloud is designed
to manage multiple accounts with different currencies and includes security
protocols such as multi-signature and transaction flow limits. In short, it
allows banks to provide clients with the highest-grade protection of their
assets while still giving them liquidity to trade and make payments.

**Adrien Treccani, CEO of Metaco, commented as follows on the launch**

“There is no question that cryptocurrencies represent the future of money.
However, there remains one major flaw, which is likely to get worse now that
microprocessor issues have been uncovered: that cryptocurrencies are so
difficult to store. The world abounds with examples of bitcoin millionaires
who lost their keys or had them stolen. SILO©, built exclusively for financial
firms, solves this problem and allows individuals to trade cryptocurrencies
with true peace of mind while extending the role of banks as custodians into
the future.”

**Ben Robinson, Chief Strategy Officer of Temenos which offers SILO© to its
customers through MarketPlace, its app store, said**

“Already an important store of value and an important asset class for trading
and investing, cryptocurrencies will increasingly act as a means of
democratizing asset ownership through tokenization. Metaco offers the best,
most secure platform for banks wanting to provide cryptocurrency services. Our
partnership is key to ensuring Temenos’ clients will play a meaningful role in
the future of money.”

**Mike Gault, CEO of Guardtime, commented**

“Cryptocurrencies are an important new asset class demanding highly
specialist, secure technology. By combining our experience and expertise with
that of Metaco, together we have developed the most secure cryptocurrency
platform on the market.”



#### About Metaco

Metaco is a Swiss-based company with international presence. We bring together
industry experts and most talented engineers to fulfill the requirements of
financial corporations. Our aim is to offer outstanding value propositions to
our clients in the field of distributed ledgers and digital currencies, with a
particular focus on payment and banking.

For more information please visit
[silo.metaco.com](https://www.metaco.com/platform/harmonize/)

#### About Guardtime

Guardtime is a team of over 150 cryptographers, developers and security
architects, with decades of experience defending networks from nation-state
attack. Over the last decade we have built a technology platform called KSI
that allows us to tackle hard problems in security, supply chain, compliance
and networking. Our business model is to build long term strategic
partnerships with companies that are leaders in their field. Wework together,
leveraging our platform to build new solutions and take them to  
market.

For more information please visit
[www.guardtime.com](http://www.guardtime.com/)

#### About the Temenos MarketPlace

Launched at the start of 2016, the Temenos MarketPlace is a platform for
facilitating the exchange of value between fintech providers and financial
institutions. Its value proposition is based on curating the very best fintech
solutions from around the world, certifying and integrating these solutions
with the Temenos Suites, and making these solutions as easy to provision as
possible. Today, MarketPlace is the world’s largest fintech store, with over
100 applications from more than 50 fintech providers.  
For more information about MarketPlace or to see our upcoming events, please
visit  
marketplace.temenos.com

![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/footer.png?x88149)

## **Explore** more

  * ![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/12/metaco-pr-template-zodia.jpg?x88149)

[Press release](https://www.metaco.com/category/press-release/)

December 4, 2023### [Zodia Custody integrates on Metaco
network](https://www.metaco.com/press-release/zodia-custody-metaco-network/
"Zodia Custody integrates on Metaco network")

  * ![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/11/metaco-pr-template-square-bbva.png?x88149)

[Press release](https://www.metaco.com/category/press-release/)

November 21, 2023### [BBVA Switzerland expands partnership with
Metaco](https://www.metaco.com/press-release/bbva-switzerland-partnership-
institutional-harmonize/ "BBVA Switzerland expands partnership with Metaco")

  * ![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/04/metaco-placeholder.png?x88149)

[Press release](https://www.metaco.com/category/press-release/)

November 8, 2023### [Announcing HSBC’s New Digital Assets Custody
Service](https://www.metaco.com/press-release/hsbc-metaco-digital-asset-
custody/ "Announcing HSBC’s New Digital Assets Custody Service")

[![Metaco](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/logo-w.svg?x88149)](https://www.metaco.com)

  * [Solutions](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/)
    * [Global Custodians](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/global-custodians-top-tier-banks/)
    * [Universal Banks](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/universal-banks/)
    * [Neobanks & Fintechs](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/neobanks-fintechs/)
    * [Regulated Exchanges](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/regulated-exchanges/)
    * [Corporates](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/corporates/)
  * [Platform](https://www.metaco.com/platform/)
    * [Harmonize™](https://www.metaco.com/platform/harmonize/)
    * [Custody](https://www.metaco.com/platform/custody/)
    * [Trading](https://www.metaco.com/platform/trading/)
    * [Web3](https://www.metaco.com/platform/web3/)
    * [Governance](https://www.metaco.com/platform/governance/)
    * [Orchestration](https://www.metaco.com/platform/orchestration/)
    * [Tokenization](https://www.metaco.com/platform/tokenization/)
    * [Integration](https://www.metaco.com/platform/integration/)
    * [Security](https://www.metaco.com/platform/security/)
  * [Company](https://www.metaco.com/company/media-coverage-press-releases/)
    * [About](https://www.metaco.com/company/about/)
    * [Media & news](https://www.metaco.com/company/media-coverage-press-releases/)
    * [Jobs](https://www.metaco.com/jobs/)
  * [Resources](https://www.metaco.com/resources/)
    * [Talks](https://www.metaco.com/resources/talks/)
    * [Webinars](https://www.metaco.com/resources/webinars/)
    * [Case studies](https://www.metaco.com/resources/case-studies/)
    * [Reports](https://www.metaco.com/resources/reports/)
    * [Blog](https://www.metaco.com/resources/blog/)

![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/10/sco2.png?x88149)![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/10/iso27001.png?x88149)

  * [__](https://www.twitter.com/metaco_sa "Twitter: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")
  * [__](https://www.linkedin.com/company/metaco-ag/ "Linkedin: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")
  * [__](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC4MLOKnJD9bXfHVXMnHM7ow "Youtube: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")
  * [__](https://open.spotify.com/show/0IiI7iftR3F3RqinfJbpRT "Spotify: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")

© 2015-2024 - Metaco SA - All Rights Reserved |[ Terms & Conditions](https://www.metaco.com/terms-conditions/) | [Privacy Policy](https://www.metaco.com/privacy-policy/) | [Cookie policy](https://www.metaco.com/cookie-policy/)

