Metaco.com will be sunset as of June 7, 2024

[Learn more](https://ripple.com/solutions/digital-asset-custody/ "Learn more")

Skip to main content

[![Metaco](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/logo.svg?x88149)![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/logo-w.svg?x88149)](https://www.metaco.com)

  * Solutions __

__Solutions

Solutions

    * [__Global Custodians Build tomorrow's market infrastructure ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/global-custodians-top-tier-banks/)
    * [__Universal Banks Satisfy demand for new asset classes ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/universal-banks/)
    * [__Neobanks & FintechsFind new routes to monetization ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/neobanks-fintechs/)
    * [__Regulated Exchanges Grow volumes and profit margins ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/regulated-exchanges/)
    * [__Corporates Boost customer loyalty and engagement ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/corporates/)

  * Platform __

__Platform

Platform

Deploy ambitious digital asset use cases with the most secure and versatile
infrastructure.

    * [__Harmonize™ Platform Overview Issue, store, trade, transfer, settle and service any type of digital asset. ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/harmonize/)
    * [__Custody Hot, warm and institutional cold storage ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/custody/)
    * [__Trading Powerful order execution, funding and settlement ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/trading/)
    * [__Web3 Web3 Portal spanning NFTs, DeFi and DApps ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/web3/)
    * [__Governance Entirely customizable risk and compliance controls ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/governance/)
    * [__Orchestration A single source of truth for managing all digital assets ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/orchestration/)
    * [__Tokenization Asset-agnostic smart contract management framework ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/tokenization/)
    * [__Integration Fully integrable platform following enterprise standards ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/integration/)
    * [__Security Highest protection against insider and external threats ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/security/)

  * Company __

__Company

Company

    * [__About](https://www.metaco.com/company/about/)
    * [__Media & news](https://www.metaco.com/company/media-coverage-press-releases/)
    * [__Careers](https://www.metaco.com/careers/)

  * Resources __

__Resources

Resources

    * [__Talks](https://www.metaco.com/resources/talks/)
    * [__Webinars](https://www.metaco.com/resources/webinars/)
    * [__Case studies](https://www.metaco.com/resources/case-studies/)
    * [__Reports](https://www.metaco.com/resources/reports/)
    * [__Blog](https://www.metaco.com/resources/blog/)

[Contact](https://www.metaco.com/contact/ "Contact")

[Blog](https://www.metaco.com/category/blog/)

# Tokenization: The Future of Asset Ownership Beyond ETFs and REITs

  *  __ September 22, 2023
  *  __6 min
  *  __by Katrin Koller, Global Head Advisory

Share

  * [ __](https://www.linkedin.com/sharing/share-offsite/?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.metaco.com%2Fblog%2Ftokenization-asset-ownership-etf-reit%2F)
  * [__](https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Metaco+https%3A%2F%2Fwww.metaco.com%2Fblog%2Ftokenization-asset-ownership-etf-reit%2F+via+%40metaco_sa)

According to[Boston Consulting Group](https://web-
assets.bcg.com/1e/a2/5b5f2b7e42dfad2cb3113a291222/on-chain-asset-
tokenization.pdf), _“a_ _large chunk of the world’s wealth today is locked in
illiquid assets or in assets that cannot be quickly monetized when needed. In
a survey conducted in the U.S. in 1997, 56%+ of assets held by taxpayers with
a net-worth of between $600,000 and $1 million_ _were illiquid. All else being
equal, illiquid assets typically trade at a discount vs. liquid assets.”_
These assets are characterized by higher transaction costs, poor price
discovery and information asymmetry around demand and supply.

Exchange-Traded Funds (ETFs) have come a long way since the first U.S. listing
in 1993. For the following decades, the financial industry has leveraged
innovative tools like ETFs and Real Estate Investment Trusts (REITs) to
fractionalize ownership of traditionally illiquid assets like real estate or
to track prices of baskets of assets such as stocks and bonds. While these
vehicles have democratized investing to some extent, they come with
limitations. Tokenization, enabled by blockchain technology, aims to resolve
some of these issues by offering a more dynamic, transparent, and efficient
way to own and trade assets. This article will explore how tokenization
outperforms conventional means like ETFs and REITs in programmability,
transparency, and price discovery.

### Programmability

One of the major shortcomings of traditional financial vehicles is the lack of
customization and programmability. In contrast, tokenized assets can have
embedded smart contracts, autonomous programs that run on a blockchain. Smart
contracts can automate various operations such as dividend payments, voting
rights, or access controls with lesser reliance on long chains of centralized
intermediaries.

Imagine a tokenized real estate asset where the rent is automatically
distributed to token holders via smart contracts. Or consider an art piece
where the original artist receives a small percentage every time the token
representing the art is resold. Such ‘programmable ownership’ brings
unprecedented flexibility and customization to the asset ownership space,
something that is hard to achieve with ETFs or REITs.

For special cases where regulated institutions need to control who is and who
isn’t accepted as an investor, to meet compliance and other market
requirements, token programmability helps define whitelilsting or blacklisting
rules that enable automated control over the accepted investor base.

### Transparency

Transparency is another aspect where tokenization shines. Blockchains are
inherently transparent and immutable ledgers. Every transaction is recorded on
the network, visible to all network participants. Transactions can be audited
in real-time, providing a level of transparency that is difficult to match
with traditional systems.

ETFs and REITs often involve a number of intermediaries like brokers,
custodians, and asset managers, each of whom could introduce some form of
opacity. In contrast, with a tokenized asset, one can always verify her
ownership and any transactions made directly on the blockchain, leveraging
complete transparency. This also contributes to reduced risk of fraud or
mismanagement, as all actions are accountable.

### Price discovery

Price discovery in traditional markets can sometimes be cumbersome due to the
layers of intermediaries, time delays, and geographic limitations. ETFs and
REITs have solved the price discovery problem in that they are generally
traded on stock exchanges. However, those have specific trading hours and can
exclude potential investors based on geographical restrictions.

Tokenized assets, however, can be traded 24/7 on decentralized platforms
accessible to anyone with an internet connection. This wider access and
extended trading hours lead to a more dynamic and efficient price discovery
mechanism. Whether you’re a retail investor in Tokyo wanting to invest in a
tokenized New York real estate property, or a trader in London looking to
capitalize on real-time price fluctuations, tokenization offers an inclusive
and efficient trading environment.

### Accessibility and inclusion

Tokenization can also drastically lower the barriers to entry and democratize
access to assets for a wider pool of investors. Traditional ETFs and REITs may
have minimum investment requirements, often excluding large parts of a wider
investor base. With tokenization, one can own a fraction of a high-value
asset, such as a piece of art or a luxury apartment, for a much lower ticket
size than if she would had to buy an entire prohibitively priced apartment,
further democratizing asset ownership.

### Market dynamism

While lowering the ticket size of each investment, tokenization also leads to
a more dynamic market by enabling 24/7/365 real-time trading and value
exchange, over trades being bundled within specific trading hours. This
further improves price discovery and tradability of underlying assets.

### The future is tokenized

While ETFs and REITs have been revolutionary in providing average investors
with opportunities to own fractions of otherwise illiquid assets, they still
function within the framework of traditional finance with all its inherent
limitations. Tokenization not only offers fractional ownership but enhances it
with unprecedented programmability, higher transparency, and superior price
discovery mechanisms. As blockchain technology matures and regulatory
frameworks adapt, tokenization stands to redefine our understanding of what it
means to ‘own an asset’. Without these, digital assets will struggle to reach
their full potential.

## **Capitalize on** the Token Economy

Find out how leading financial institutions and corporates leverage Metaco
Harmonize™ to create and support new asset classes to satisfy client demand,
now and in the future.

[Learn more](https://www.metaco.com/platform/tokenization/ "Learn more")

![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/footer.png?x88149)

[![Metaco](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/logo-w.svg?x88149)](https://www.metaco.com)

  * [Solutions](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/)
    * [Global Custodians](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/global-custodians-top-tier-banks/)
    * [Universal Banks](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/universal-banks/)
    * [Neobanks & Fintechs](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/neobanks-fintechs/)
    * [Regulated Exchanges](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/regulated-exchanges/)
    * [Corporates](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/corporates/)
  * [Platform](https://www.metaco.com/platform/)
    * [Harmonize™](https://www.metaco.com/platform/harmonize/)
    * [Custody](https://www.metaco.com/platform/custody/)
    * [Trading](https://www.metaco.com/platform/trading/)
    * [Web3](https://www.metaco.com/platform/web3/)
    * [Governance](https://www.metaco.com/platform/governance/)
    * [Orchestration](https://www.metaco.com/platform/orchestration/)
    * [Tokenization](https://www.metaco.com/platform/tokenization/)
    * [Integration](https://www.metaco.com/platform/integration/)
    * [Security](https://www.metaco.com/platform/security/)
  * [Company](https://www.metaco.com/company/media-coverage-press-releases/)
    * [About](https://www.metaco.com/company/about/)
    * [Media & news](https://www.metaco.com/company/media-coverage-press-releases/)
    * [Jobs](https://www.metaco.com/jobs/)
  * [Resources](https://www.metaco.com/resources/)
    * [Talks](https://www.metaco.com/resources/talks/)
    * [Webinars](https://www.metaco.com/resources/webinars/)
    * [Case studies](https://www.metaco.com/resources/case-studies/)
    * [Reports](https://www.metaco.com/resources/reports/)
    * [Blog](https://www.metaco.com/resources/blog/)

![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/10/sco2.png?x88149)![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/10/iso27001.png?x88149)

  * [__](https://www.twitter.com/metaco_sa "Twitter: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")
  * [__](https://www.linkedin.com/company/metaco-ag/ "Linkedin: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")
  * [__](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC4MLOKnJD9bXfHVXMnHM7ow "Youtube: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")
  * [__](https://open.spotify.com/show/0IiI7iftR3F3RqinfJbpRT "Spotify: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")

© 2015-2024 - Metaco SA - All Rights Reserved |[ Terms & Conditions](https://www.metaco.com/terms-conditions/) | [Privacy Policy](https://www.metaco.com/privacy-policy/) | [Cookie policy](https://www.metaco.com/cookie-policy/)

