  * **Wallet**[**Mobile App** The world of Web3 in your pocket](/download)[**Browser Extension** An optimized Web3 experience for desktop](/browser-extension)
  * **Features**[**Swaps** Swap securely and seamlessly](/swap)[**Staking** Earn crypto rewards while securing networks](/staking)[**NFTs** Explore the world of NFTs](/nft)[**Security** Learn how we keep your assets & Web3 journey safe](/security)[**Buy Crypto** Buy crypto in under five minutes](/buy-crypto)[**SWIFT: Smart Contract Wallet** Explore Web3 easily with account abstraction features](/swift)
  * **Build**[**Developer Docs** Get guides for building powerful Web3 applications](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/)[**Wallet Core** Open-source, mobile-focused crypto wallet library](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/wallet-core)[**Submit dApp** Get your dApp in front of millions](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-dapps)[**Get assets listed** Elevate your asset’s exposure](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-assets)
  * **Support**[**FAQ** Get answers to your most pressing questions](https://community.trustwallet.com/c/helpcenter/8)[**Community Forum** Connect with our vibrant and diverse community](https://community.trustwallet.com/)[**Contact Us** Reach out for personalized support](https://support.trustwallet.com/en/support/home)
  * **About**[**About Us** Discover who we are and what drives us](/about-us)[**Careers** Join us in shaping the future of Web3](/careers)[**Press Kit** Download our official logo and other media assets](/press)[**Blog** Stay up-to-date on Web3 trends and insights](/blog)[**Terms of Service** What you need to know to use our services](/terms-of-service)[**Privacy Policy** Your privacy matters, learn how we protect it](/privacy-policy)

DarkLightLanguage

[Download Trust Wallet](/download)

[](/)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.4edbb099.svg)[**Mobile App** The world
of Web3 in your pocket](/download)[**Browser Extension** An optimized Web3
experience for desktop](/browser-extension)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.e7c57d68.svg)[**Swaps** Swap securely
and seamlessly](/swap)[**Staking** Earn crypto rewards while securing
networks](/staking)[**NFTs** Explore the world of NFTs](/nft)[**Security**
Learn how we keep your assets & Web3 journey safe](/security)[**Buy Crypto**
Buy crypto in under five minutes](/buy-crypto)[**SWIFT: Smart Contract
Wallet** Explore Web3 easily with account abstraction features](/swift)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.b373ab3f.svg)[**Developer Docs** Get
guides for building powerful Web3
applications](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/)[**Wallet Core**
Open-source, mobile-focused crypto wallet
library](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/wallet-core)[**Submit
dApp** Get your dApp in front of
millions](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-dapps)[**Get
assets listed** Elevate your asset’s
exposure](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-assets)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.1211abf0.svg)[**FAQ** Get answers to
your most pressing
questions](https://community.trustwallet.com/c/helpcenter/8)[**Community
Forum** Connect with our vibrant and diverse
community](https://community.trustwallet.com/)[**Contact Us** Reach out for
personalized support](https://support.trustwallet.com/en/support/home)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.9a6dd06f.svg)[**About Us** Discover who
we are and what drives us](/about-us)[**Careers** Join us in shaping the
future of Web3](/careers)[**Press Kit** Download our official logo and other
media assets](/press)[**Blog** Stay up-to-date on Web3 trends and
insights](/blog)[**Terms of Service** What you need to know to use our
services](/terms-of-service)[**Privacy Policy** Your privacy matters, learn
how we protect it](/privacy-policy)

[](/)

WalletFeaturesBuildSupportAbout

Language

[Download](/download)

[Home](/)  >  [Blog](/blog)  >  [Guides](/blog?category=Guides)  >  [A
Beginner's Guide to Helium (HNT)](/blog/beginners-guide-to-helium-hnt)

##### Guides

# A Beginner's Guide to Helium (HNT)

Published on: May 7, 2024

##### Share post

[](https://facebook.com/trustwalletapp)[](https://github.com/trustwallet)[](https://instagram.com/trustwallet)[](https://twitter.com/trustwallet)[](https://discord.gg/trustwallet)[](https://reddit.com/r/trustapp)[](https://t.me/trustwallet)

  * **The Helium Network Overview**
  * **What is HNT?**
  * **Helium Subnetwork Tokens**
  * **HNT and the Solana Ecosystem**
  * **HNT Tokenomics**
  * **How to Buy SOL Using Trust Wallet**
  * **How to Deposit SOL to Your Trust Wallet Address**
  * **How to Swap SOL for HNT Using Trust Wallet**

##### In Brief

Explore The Helium Network Token (HNT), the Solana-based native cryptocurrency
of the Helium Network.

![A Beginner's Guide to Helium \(HNT\)](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fhelium_beginners_guide_7ce1fe6586.png&w=3840&q=75)

The crypto world boasts thousands of crypto projects with diverse
applications. In Web3, the Internet of Things (IoT), however, remains largely
untouched and this is where the Helium Network and its native cryptocurrency,
[HNT](https://trustwallet.com/helium-wallet), stand out. With a vision to
revolutionize IoT connectivity and data transmission, Helium presents a unique
proposition in the crypto space.

Built on the [Solana](https://apps.apple.com/app/apple-
store/id1288339409?pt=1324988&ct=SEO%20Content&mt=8) blockchain, [Helium
Network](https://trustwallet.com/helium-wallet) introduces a novel approach to
incentivizing wireless infrastructure and fostering the Internet of Things
(IoT) ecosystem. This beginner's guide aims to explore Helium (HNT) by
providing an overview of its core concepts.

### Before You Get Started

Before you explore HNT in more detail, it’s important to remember that you can
manage HNT using Trust Wallet.

You can download Trust Wallet as a mobile app, or you can install the Trust
Wallet Extension for your desktop browser.

![helium-beginners-guide-3.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fhelium_beginners_guide_3_2ad99a3711.png&w=3840&q=75)

[![Download-Trust-Wallet-Button.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2FDownload_Trust_Wallet_Button_3b2b015a21.png&w=3840&q=75)](https://short.trustwallet.com/TW-
SEOblog)

## The Helium Network Overview

The [Helium](https://trustwallet.com/helium-wallet) Network is a project
carving a unique niche in the cryptocurrency and internet of things (IoT)
space. The Helium project aims to create a decentralized wireless network,
fundamentally changing how devices connect and transmit data. Helium aims to
transform traditional telecommunications by providing a secure, scalable, and
cost-effective solution for IoT device connectivity.

Imagine a world where internet access isn't solely provided by traditional
telecom giants, but also by a network of everyday people sharing their
wireless coverage. This is the essence of the Helium Network. Users can
participate by setting up special devices called Helium Hotspots, which extend
the network's reach. Helium’s innovative approach enables a robust and
reliable wireless network that extends far beyond traditional Wi-Fi or
cellular coverage areas.

## What is HNT?

The Helium Network Token (HNT), is the native cryptocurrency of The Helium
Network. HNT is specifically designed to function within the Helium ecosystem.
While HNT is used to power transactions, its purpose extends further far
beyond just powering transactions. Here's how:

### Incentivizes network growth

HNT acts as a reward system, distributed to users who operate Helium Hotspots.
These Hotspots act as mini-towers, extending the network's reach. Hotspot
owners are rewarded with HNT tokens for providing wireless coverage. This
incentivizes participation and fuels the network's continuous expansion.

### Facilitates data transfer

HNT is used to pay for data transfer across the Helium Network. When devices
send and receive data packets, they use HNT to pay for the service. A small
amount of HNT is burned with each data transfer. This mechanism helps control
the overall supply of HNT and incentivizes efficient resource allocation
within the network.

### Governs the network

While the specific implementation details are still evolving, HNT is
envisioned to play a role in the future governance of the Helium Network.
Token holders may eventually have a say in network upgrades and key decision-
making processes.

![helium-beginners-guide-4.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fhelium_beginners_guide_4_f780fd6d1a.png&w=3840&q=75)

## Helium Subnetwork Tokens

While HNT takes center stage in the Helium Network, there are other token
types that play specific roles within the ecosystem. IOT Token (IOT) and
Helium Mobile Token (MOBILE) are designed to facilitate specific use cases
within the Helium Network and are ultimately backed by and redeemable for HNT.

### IOT Token (IOT)

IOT is the protocol token of the Helium IoT Network. IOT was introduced to the
Helium Network through the community proposal HIP-52. The first IOT tokens
were minted following the Solana migration. The IOT token is mined by LoRaWAN
Hotspots through both data transfer proceeds as well as Proof of Coverage.

Devices on the network that transmit IoT data (like sensor readings) use IOT
tokens to pay for the service. IOT tokens themselves, however, aren't traded
on exchanges. Instead, they are earned by Hotspot owners who provide the
coverage for these data transfers, and then redeemable for HNT.

### Helium Mobile Token (MOBILE)

The Helium Mobile Token (MOBILE) is the protocol token of the Helium Mobile
Network. It was introduced to the Helium Network through the community
proposal HIP-53. MOBILE can be earned by both Hotspot operators and phone
users. Hotspot owners providing network coverage and phone subscribers
participating in "Discovery Mapping" (location tracking) can receive MOBILE
tokens. This location tracking helps determine where new Hotspots are needed.

## HNT and the Solana Ecosystem

The Helium Network migrated its token (HNT) to the [Solana
blockchain](https://trustwallet.com/) on 18 April 2023. The main reasons for
this move include:

  * **Scalability and speed:** The Helium Network was experiencing limitations with its own blockchain, particularly regarding transaction speed and handling a growing network. [Solana](https://apps.apple.com/app/apple-store/id1288339409?pt=1324988&ct=SEO%20Content&mt=8) boasts superior scalability compared to the previous blockchain, enabling faster and cheaper transactions on the Helium Network. Fast and affordable transactions are crucial for a network aiming for mass adoption.

  * **Enhanced DeFi integration:** By joining the Solana ecosystem, HNT gained access to a thriving Decentralized Finance (DeFi) space. This opens doors for HNT holders to explore various investment opportunities and liquidity options, potentially increasing its overall value and utility.

  * **Expanded utility:** Migrating to [Solana](https://apps.apple.com/app/apple-store/id1288339409?pt=1324988&ct=SEO%20Content&mt=8) allows HNT to become compatible with platforms built on the Solana standard (SPL). This paves the way for new integrations and functionalities within the wider crypto world, fostering innovation and potential use cases beyond the Helium Network itself.

## HNT Tokenomics

**Total Supply:** 223 million HNT.

#### Distribution

**30% network data transfer:** This portion rewards users who transfer data on
the network. **35% hotspot infrastructure:** A significant portion goes to
Hotspot operators, who contribute to network coverage. **35% Helium, Inc. and
investors:** This allocation supports the development and ongoing operations
of the Helium Network.

## How to Buy SOL Using Trust Wallet

You can [buy crypto](https://trustwallet.com/buy-crypto/), including SOL,
using Trust Wallet, via our trusted partners. Here’s how:

  * Select “Buy” from the home screen.

  * Search for “Solana” or “SOL” and select it.

  * Choose the currency you want to use, then enter the amount of SOL you want to purchase.

  * Select the third party provider & payment method you’d like to use.

  * Select the Buy button and complete the remaining steps.

![helium-beginners-guide-1.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fhelium_beginners_guide_1_4f7d28e38d.png&w=3840&q=75)

## How to Deposit SOL to Your Trust Wallet Address

You can deposit SOL from another wallet or from a centralized exchange. Here’s
how to deposit SOL:

  * Select “Receive” from the home screen.

  * Search for your “SOL,” and select it.

From here, you have two options. You can either:

  1. Copy your deposit address and use that on your exchange account or other [Solana wallet](https://trustwallet.com/solana-wallet) to send funds to.

  2. Use the “Deposit from exchange” option to deposit crypto seamlessly from your exchange account.

## How to Swap SOL for HNT Using Trust Wallet

You can easily [swap SOL for HNT](https://trustwallet.com/swap) using Trust
Wallet. Once you have SOL in your wallet, here’s what you need to do:

  * Open the Trust Wallet app on your mobile phone.

  * Click “Swap” on the bottom left side of your screen.

  * Change the “From” network to Solana and choose SOL as your token

  * Change the “To” network to Solana and choose HNT as your token.

  * Enter the amount of SOL you would like to swap.

  * Click “Continue.”

![helium-beginners-guide-2.gif](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fhelium_beginners_guide_2_9d73a786bc.gif&w=3840&q=75)

Remember that in addition to HNT, Trust Wallet lets you manage and interact
with 10M+ crypto assets across 100+ blockchains. Download the latest version
of Trust Wallet today.

[![Download-Trust-Wallet-Button.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2FDownload_Trust_Wallet_Button_3b2b015a21.png&w=3840&q=75)](https://short.trustwallet.com/TW-
SEOblog)

Join the Trust Wallet community on [Telegram](https://rebrand.ly/TW-Telegram-
Announcements) Follow us on [X (formerly Twitter)](https://rebrand.ly/TW-
Twitter-Blog) [Instagram](https://rebrand.ly/TW-Insta-Blog)
[Facebook](https://rebrand.ly/TW-FB-Blog) [Reddit](https://rebrand.ly/TW-
Reddit-Blog) [Warpcast](https://warpcast.com/trustwalletapp)

> **Note:** Any cited numbers, figures, or illustrations are reported at the
> time of writing, and are subject to change.

#### Simple and convenient to use, seamless to explore

[Download Trust Wallet](/download)

##### Stay Connected:

[](https://facebook.com/trustwalletapp)[](https://github.com/trustwallet)[](https://instagram.com/trustwallet)[](https://twitter.com/trustwallet)[](https://discord.gg/trustwallet)[](https://reddit.com/r/trustapp)[](https://t.me/trustwallet)

  * **Wallet**[Mobile App](/download)[Browser Extension](/browser-extension)
  * **Features**[Buy Crypto](/buy-crypto)[Swaps](/swap)[Staking](/staking)[NFTs](/nft)[Security](/security)[SWIFT: Smart Contract Wallet](/swift)
  * **Build**[Developer Docs](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/)[Wallet Core](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/wallet-core)[Submit dApp](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-dapps)[Get assets listed](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-assets)
  * **Support**[FAQ](https://community.trustwallet.com/c/helpcenter/8)[Community Forum](https://community.trustwallet.com/)[Contact Us](https://support.trustwallet.com/en/support/home)
  * **About**[About Us](/about-us)[Careers](/careers)[Press Kit](/press)[Terms of Service](/terms-of-service)[Privacy Policy](/privacy-policy)[Blog](/blog)
  * ![A-LIGN ISO 27701](/_next/static/media/image.8354ab2c.svg)![A-LIGN ISO 27001](/_next/static/media/image.7f0b3bc9.svg)

**Download Trust Wallet**

The most trusted & secure crypto wallet.

[Download for iOS](https://apps.apple.com/app/apple-
store/id1288339409?mt=8)[Download
Extension![Chrome](/_next/static/media/raw.7dd85797.svg)](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/trust-
wallet/egjidjbpglichdcondbcbdnbeeppgdph)[Download APK](/download/apk)[Download
for Android![App
Store](/_next/image?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Fimage.5ee64b2e.png&w=256&q=75)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.wallet.crypto.trustapp)

