[![](/_nuxt/img/Nosana_Logo_horizontal_color_white.9b9a5b4.svg)](/)

Info

[Docs](https://docs.nosana.io) [GitHub](https://github.com/nosana-ci)
[Staking](https://app.nosana.io/stake/)

Community

[ Blog ](/blog) [__ Twitter](https://twitter.com/nosana_ai) [__
Discord](https://discord.gg/nosana-ai) [__
Telegram](https://t.me/NosanaCompute)

Company

[ Team page ](/team)

#  Incentivized  
GPU Test Grid

##  A multi-phase test grid for developers, data scientists, and AI
enthusiasts.

Join us as an early adopter and build the foundation for the world's biggest
GPU-compute grid. We're working to make AI more accessible and powerful than
ever before.  

[**Registrations are closed at this
time.**](https://forms.gle/d6Copk6W4TAMDY5n8)

The aim of our GPU compute grid is to provide a scalable, cost-efficient
solution for AI computations, foster market innovation and meet the growing
demand for advanced, energy-efficient GPUs. Register to take part and access
complimentary, on-demand compute.  

[**Get Access To GPU Power**](https://forms.gle/QrqDokeC4eEjpEZa8)

![](/_nuxt/img/technology.290b99b.svg)

##  Be an Early Adopter

By joining the Test Grid you will be at the frontier of powering the AI
revolution. The Test Grid is split into multiple phases, each designed to
thoroughly evaluate specific aspects of our GPU-compute grid. As we progress
through the phases, we will gradually introduce new features, expand hardware
support, and enable more AI models to be run. This phased approach ensures
that we are gathering comprehensive feedback and addressing any potential
issues before we move to the mainnet.

Phase 1

##  12/10/2023 → 1/31/2024

  * Up to 250,000 $NOS tokens in rewards 
  * Validate our GPU grid with a variety of GPU devices 
  * Fine-tune the process and instructions of installing and upgrading nodes 
  * Benchmark performance of various AI algorithms on the Nosana network 
  * Bootstrap the network with an initial supply of GPUs 

Test Grid Phase 1 is now successfully completed, we thank all of our
participants, and welcome them to Phase 2

Phase 2

##  April - June 2024

  * Scale up our GPU grid capacity to 1000+ nodes, with automated node onboarding. 
  * Focused testing on our improved node with enhanced functionality. 
  * Onboarding and provision of real demand from selected projects and companies. 
  * Ongoing performance testing and node monitoring. 

[**Get access to GPU Power**](https://forms.gle/QrqDokeC4eEjpEZa8)

##  Requirements

During the first two phases of the Test Grid you will require an NVIDIA GPU
with CUDA. The following list of models will be supported, other cards will be
reviewed.

NVIDIA RTX 4090  |  NVIDIA RTX 4080  |  NVIDIA RTX 4070Ti  |  NVIDIA RTX 4070   
---|---|---|---  
NVIDIA RTX 4060Ti  |  NVIDIA RTX 4060  |  NVIDA RTX 3090Ti  |  NVIDA RTX 3090   
NVIDA RTX 3080Ti  |  NVIDA RTX 3080  |  NVIDIA RTX 3070Ti  |  NVIDIA RTX 3070   
NVIDIA RTX 3060Ti  |  NVIDIA RTX 3060  |  NVIDIA RTX A4000  |  NVIDIA RTX A4500   
NVIDIA RTX A5000  |  NVIDIA RTX A5500  |  NVIDIA RTX A6000  |   
  
##  FAQ

  * ###  My GPU model is not listed above, can I still join? 

-

The list of GPU models is not exhaustive. If you have a different model you
can still register for the Test Grid, your GPU will then be reviewed and
potentially added to the grid (if not now, then in a later phase).

  * ###  How do I register for the Test Grid? 

+

The registration involves 2 steps:  
\- Registering your GPU hardware on the Nosana Network  
\- Filling out an application form.  
In-depth tutorial can be found here:
<https://docs.nosana.io/nodes/testgrid.html>

  * ###  Do I need a blockchain wallet? 

+

For the registration you will need a Solana address to receive your access key
NFT on.  
When joining the test grid we recommend that you generate a new Solana keypair
with a small amount of SOL for transaction fees. Instructions on how to do
this can be found in the [Registration
guide](https://docs.nosana.io/nodes/testgrid.html).

  * ###  How do I know if I’m selected for the Test Grid? 

+

You will receive an email with instructions once you get selected for the Test
Grid.  
Did you submit your registration but did not receive an email? Our Test Grid
is most likely oversubscribed, but we will onboard more participants as the
Test Grid progresses.

  * ###  What kinds of tests will I need to do? 

+

During the Incentivized GPU Test Grid there will be a selection of markets
running various AI workloads. These workloads may include generic stress and
performance test, light workloads, and more robust workloads for higher
powered GPU’s.

  * ###  How much $NOS will I earn? 

+

The exact amount of NOS you can earn during this program will be shared when
the registration opens. There are multiple ways you can earn rewards:  
  
\- Once you run the benchmark job and get accepted, you will receive a base
reward price  
\- For each workload you run you will receive a specific NOS reward  
\- There will be several challenges during the Test Grid that pay out
additional rewards, some of which require KYC.

  * ###  How long will Phase 2 last? 

+

Phase 2 is expected to run until the beginning of July 2024 - but can be
extended based on the distributed rewards

##  Advantages of Joining the Test Grid

![](/_nuxt/img/browser.8b0bda4.svg)

Earn $NOS tokens for your participation (up to 250,000 NOS tokens available in
Phase 1)

![](/_nuxt/img/devops.9a88e51.svg)

Become fast-tracked as a GPU supplier for the mainnet release

![](/_nuxt/img/nodes.bc2a113.svg)

Support the advancement of decentralized AI

![](/_nuxt/img/chat-group.1bf9798.svg)

Be involved in the forefront of Nosana's development and connect directly with
the team

![](/_nuxt/img/server.b292503.svg)

Utilize your existing hardware for generating a passive income

[Home](/) [Docs](https://docs.nosana.io) [Team](/team) [Contact](/contact)

[__](https://twitter.com/nosana_ai)[__](https://discord.gg/nosana-
ai)[__](https://t.me/NosanaCompute)[__](https://nosana.medium.com/)[__](https://github.com/nosana-
ci)

![](/_nuxt/img/footer-logo.85bfcff.svg)

© NOSANA 2024

