Skip to main content

[](/en/)

  * Learn
  * Use
  * Build
  * Participate
  * Research

Search```K`

Languages EN

Change page

[Overview](/en/developers/docs/)

Foundational topics

[Intro to Ethereum](/en/developers/docs/intro-to-ethereum/)

[Intro to Ether](/en/developers/docs/intro-to-ether/)

[Intro to dapps](/en/developers/docs/dapps/)

[Web2 vs Web3](/en/developers/docs/web2-vs-web3/)

[Accounts](/en/developers/docs/accounts/)

[Transactions](/en/developers/docs/transactions/)

[Blocks](/en/developers/docs/blocks/)

[Ethereum virtual machine (EVM)](/en/developers/docs/evm/)

[Opcodes](/en/developers/docs/evm/opcodes/)

[Gas](/en/developers/docs/gas/)

[Nodes and clients](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/)

[Run a node](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/run-a-node/)

[Client diversity](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/client-diversity/)

[Nodes as a service](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/nodes-as-a-
service/)

[Node architecture](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/node-architecture/)

[Light clients](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/light-clients/)

[Archive nodes](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/archive-nodes/)

[Bootnodes](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/bootnodes/)

[Networks](/en/developers/docs/networks/)

[Consensus mechanisms](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/)

[Proof-of-work](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pow/)

[Mining](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pow/mining/)

[Mining algorithms](/en/developers/docs/consensus-
mechanisms/pow/mining/mining-algorithms/)

[Dagger-Hashimoto](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pow/mining/mining-
algorithms/dagger-hashimoto/)

[Ethash](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pow/mining/mining-
algorithms/ethash/)

[Proof-of-stake](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/)

[Gasper](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/gasper/)

[Weak subjectivity](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/weak-
subjectivity/)

[Attestations](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/attestations/)

[PoS rewards and penalties](/en/developers/docs/consensus-
mechanisms/pos/rewards-and-penalties/)

[PoS attack and defense](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/attack-
and-defense/)

[Keys](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/keys/)

[Proof-of-stake versus proof-of-work](/en/developers/docs/consensus-
mechanisms/pos/pos-vs-pow/)

[Block proposal](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/block-proposal/)

[Proof-of-stake FAQs](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/faqs/)

[Proof-of-authority](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/poa/)

Ethereum stack

[Intro to the stack](/en/developers/docs/ethereum-stack/)

[Smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/)

[Smart contract languages](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/languages/)

[Smart contract anatomy](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/anatomy/)

[Smart contracts libraries](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/libraries/)

[Testing smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/testing/)

[Compiling smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/compiling/)

[Deploying smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/deploying/)

[Verifying smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/verifying/)

[Upgrading smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/upgrading/)

[Smart contract security](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/security/)

[Smart contract formal verification](/en/developers/docs/smart-
contracts/formal-verification/)

[Composability](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/composability/)

[Development networks](/en/developers/docs/development-networks/)

[Development frameworks](/en/developers/docs/frameworks/)

Ethereum client APIs

[JavaScript APIs](/en/developers/docs/apis/javascript/)

[Backend APIs](/en/developers/docs/apis/backend/)

[JSON-RPC](/en/developers/docs/apis/json-rpc/)

[Data and analytics](/en/developers/docs/data-and-analytics/)

[Block explorers](/en/developers/docs/data-and-analytics/block-explorers/)

[Storage](/en/developers/docs/storage/)

[Integrated Development Environments (IDEs)](/en/developers/docs/ides/)

[Programming languages](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/)

[Dart](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/dart/)

[Delphi](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/delphi/)

[.NET](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/dot-net/)

[Golang](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/golang/)

[Java](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/java/)

[JavaScript](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/javascript/)

[Python](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/python/)

[Ruby](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/ruby/)

[Rust](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/rust/)

Advanced

[Bridges](/en/developers/docs/bridges/)

[Standards](/en/developers/docs/standards/)

[Token standards](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/)

[ERC-20: Fungible Tokens](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/erc-20/)

[ERC-721: NFTs](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/erc-721/)

[ERC-777](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/erc-777/)

[ERC-1155](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/erc-1155/)

[ERC-4626](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/erc-4626/)

[Maximal extractable value (MEV)](/en/developers/docs/mev/)

[Oracles](/en/developers/docs/oracles/)

[Scaling](/en/developers/docs/scaling/)

[Optimistic rollups](/en/developers/docs/scaling/optimistic-rollups/)

[Zero-knowledge rollups](/en/developers/docs/scaling/zk-rollups/)

[State channels](/en/developers/docs/scaling/state-channels/)

[Sidechains](/en/developers/docs/scaling/sidechains/)

[Plasma](/en/developers/docs/scaling/plasma/)

[Validium](/en/developers/docs/scaling/validium/)

[Data availability](/en/developers/docs/data-availability/)

[Networking layer](/en/developers/docs/networking-layer/)

[Network addresses](/en/developers/docs/networking-layer/network-addresses/)

[Portal Network](/en/developers/docs/networking-layer/portal-network/)

[Data structures and encoding](/en/developers/docs/data-structures-and-
encoding/)

[Patricia Merkle Trie](/en/developers/docs/data-structures-and-
encoding/patricia-merkle-trie/)

[Recursive-length prefix (RLP)](/en/developers/docs/data-structures-and-
encoding/rlp/)

[Simple serialize (SSZ)](/en/developers/docs/data-structures-and-
encoding/ssz/)

[Web3 secret storage definition](/en/developers/docs/data-structures-and-
encoding/web3-secret-storage/)

Design fundamentals

[Intro to design and UX](/en/developers/docs/design-and-ux/)

# Ethereum Archive Node

p

Last edit: [@pettinarip(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/pettinarip),
October 24, 2023

See contributors

On this page

  * Prerequisites
  * What is an archive node
    * Use cases
  * Implementations and usage
  * Recommended practices
    * Hardware
  * Further reading
  * Related topics

An archive node is an instance of an Ethereum client configured to build an
archive of all historical states. It is a useful tool for certain use cases
but might be more tricky to run than a full node.

## Prerequisites

You should understand the concept of an [Ethereum
node](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/), [its
architecture](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/node-architecture/), [sync
strategies](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/#sync-modes), practices of
[running](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/run-a-node/) and [using
them](/en/developers/docs/apis/json-rpc/).

## What is an archive node

To grasp the importance of an archive node, let's clarify the concept of
"state." Ethereum can be referred to as _transaction-based state machine_. It
consists of accounts and applications executing transactions which are
changing their state. The global data with information about each account and
contract is stored in a trie database called state. This is handled by the
execution layer (EL) client and includes:

  * Account balances and nonces
  * Contract code and storage
  * Consensus-related data, e.g. Staking Deposit Contract

To interact with the network, verify and produce new blocks, Ethereum clients
have to keep up with the most recent changes (the tip of the chain) and
therefore the current state. An execution layer client configured as a full
node verifies and follows the latest state of the network but only caches the
past few states, e.g. the state associated with the last 128 blocks, so it can
handle chain reorgs and provide fast access to recent data. The recent state
is what all clients need to verify incoming transactions and use the network.

You can imagine the state as a momentary network snapshot at a given block and
the archive as a history replay.

Historical states can be safely pruned because they are not necessary for the
network to operate and it would be uselessly redundant for client to keep all
out-of-date data. States that existed before some recent block (e.g. 128
blocks before the head) are effectively thrown away. Full nodes only keep
historical blockchain data (blocks and transactions) and occasional historical
snapshots they can use to regenerate older states on request. They do this by
re-executing past transactions in the EVM, which can be computationally
demanding when the desired state is far from the nearest snapshot.

However, this means that accessing a historical state on a full node consumes
a lot of computation. The client might need to execute all past transactions
and compute one historical state from genesis. Archive nodes solve this by
storing not only the most recent states but every historical state created
after each block. It basically makes a trade-off with bigger disk space
requirement.

It's important to note that the network does not depend on archive nodes to
keep and provide all historical data. As mentioned above, all historical
interim states can be derived on a full node. Transactions are stored by any
full node (currently less than 400G) and can be replayed to build the whole
archive.

### Use cases

Regular usage of Ethereum like sending transactions, deploying contracts,
verifying consensus, etc. does not require access to historical states. Users
never need an archive node for a standard interaction with the network.

The main benefit of state archive is a quick access to queries about
historical states. For example, archive node would promptly return results
like:

  * _What was ETH balance of account 0x1337... at block 15537393?_
  * _What is the balance of token 0x in contract 0x at block 1920000?_

As explained above, a full node would need to generate this data by EVM
execution which uses the CPU and takes time. Archive nodes access them on the
disk and serve responses immediately. This is a useful feature for certain
parts of infrastructure, for example:

  * Service providers like block explorers
  * Researchers
  * Security analysts
  * Dapp developers
  * Auditing and compliance

There are various free [services](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/nodes-
as-a-service/) that also allow access to historical data. As it is more
demanding to run an archive node, this access is mostly limited and works only
for occasional access. If your project requires constant access to historical
data, you should consider running one yourself.

## Implementations and usage

Archive node in this context means data served by user facing execution layer
clients as they handle the state database and provide JSON-RPC endpoints.
Configuration options, sync time and database size may vary by client. For
details, please refer to the documentation provided by your client.

Before starting your own archive node, learn about the differences between the
clients and especially the various [hardware
requirements](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/run-a-node/#requirements).
Most clients are not optimized for this feature and their archives require
more than 12TB of space. In contrast, implementations like Erigon can store
the same data in under 3TB which makes them the most effective way of running
an archive node.

## Recommended practices

Apart from general [recommendations for running a
node](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/run-a-node/), an archive node may
be more demanding on hardware and maintenance. Considering Erigons [key
features(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/ledgerwatch/erigon#key-
features), the most practical approach is using the
[Erigon](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/#erigon) client implementation.

### Hardware

Always make sure to verify hardware requirements for a given mode in a
client's documentation. The biggest requirement for archive nodes is the disk
space. Depending on client, it varies from 3TB to 12TB. Even if HDD might be
considered a better solution for large amounts of data, syncing it and
constantly updating the head of the chain will require SSD drives. [SATA(opens
in a new tab)](https://www.cleverfiles.com/help/sata-hard-drive.html) drives
are good enough but it should be a reliable quality, at least [TLC(opens in a
new tab)](https://blog.synology.com/tlc-vs-qlc-ssds-what-are-the-differences).
Disks can be fitted into a desktop computer or a server with enough slots.
Such dedicated devices are ideal for running high uptime node. It's totally
possible to run it on a laptop but the portability will come at an additional
cost.

All of the data needs to fit in one volume, therefore disks have to be joined,
e.g. with [RAID0(opens in a new
tab)](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Standard_RAID_levels#RAID_0) or [LVM(opens
in a new tab)](https://web.mit.edu/rhel-doc/5/RHEL-5-manual/Deployment_Guide-
en-US/ch-lvm.html). It might be also worth considering using [ZFS(opens in a
new tab)](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ZFS) as it supports "Copy-on-write"
which ensures data is correctly written to the disk without any low level
errors.

For more stability and security in preventing accidental database corruption,
especially in a professional setup, consider using [ECC memory(opens in a new
tab)](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ECC_memory) if your system supports it.
The size of RAM is generally advised to be the same as for a full node but
more RAM can help speed up the synchronization.

During initial sync, clients in archive mode will execute every transaction
since genesis. Execution speed is mostly limited by the CPU, so a faster CPU
can help with the initial sync time. On an average consumer computer, the
initial sync can take up to a month.

## Further reading

  * [Ethereum Full Node vs Archive Node(opens in a new tab)](https://www.quicknode.com/guides/infrastructure/ethereum-full-node-vs-archive-node) \- _QuickNode, September 2022_
  * [Building Your Own Ethereum Archive Node(opens in a new tab)](https://tjayrush.medium.com/building-your-own-ethereum-archive-node-72c014affc09) \- _Thomas Jay Rush, August 2021_
  * [How to set up Erigon, Erigon’s RPC and TrueBlocks (scrape and API) as services(opens in a new tab)](https://magnushansson.xyz/blog_posts/crypto_defi/2022-01-10-Erigon-Trueblocks) _– Magnus Hansson, updated September 2022_

## Related topics

  * [Nodes and clients](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/)
  * [Running a node](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/run-a-node/)

back-to-top ↑

### Was this article helpful?

YesNo

![👈](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f448.svg)

Previous

[Light clients](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/light-clients/)

![👉](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f449.svg)

Next

[Bootnodes](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/bootnodes/)

  * [Edit page(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/ethereum/ethereum-org-website/tree/dev/public/content/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/archive-nodes/index.md)
  * On this page

    * Prerequisites
    * What is an archive node
      * Use cases
    * Implementations and usage
    * Recommended practices
      * Hardware
    * Further reading
    * Related topics

Website last updated: May 22, 2024

[(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/ethereum/ethereum-org-
website)[(opens in a new tab)](https://twitter.com/ethdotorg)[(opens in a new
tab)](https://discord.gg/ethereum-org)

### Learn

  * [Learn Hub](/en/learn/)
  * [What is Ethereum?](/en/what-is-ethereum/)
  * [What is ether (ETH)?](/en/eth/)
  * [Ethereum wallets](/en/wallets/)
  * [What is Web3?](/en/web3/)
  * [Smart contracts](/en/smart-contracts/)
  * [Gas fees](/en/gas/)
  * [Run a node](/en/run-a-node/)
  * [Ethereum security and scam prevention](/en/security/)
  * [Quiz Hub](/en/quizzes/)
  * [Ethereum glossary](/en/glossary/)

### Use

  * [Guides](/en/guides/)
  * [Choose your wallet](/en/wallets/find-wallet/)
  * [Get ETH](/en/get-eth/)
  * [Dapps - Decentralized applications](/en/dapps/)
  * [Stablecoins](/en/stablecoins/)
  * [NFTs - Non-fungible tokens](/en/nft/)
  * [DeFi - Decentralized finance](/en/defi/)
  * [DAOs - Decentralized autonomous organizations](/en/dao/)
  * [Decentralized identity](/en/decentralized-identity/)
  * [Stake ETH](/en/staking/)
  * [Layer 2](/en/layer-2/)

### Build

  * [Builder's home](/en/developers/)
  * [Tutorials](/en/developers/tutorials/)
  * [Documentation](/en/developers/docs/)
  * [Learn by coding](/en/developers/learning-tools/)
  * [Set up local environment](/en/developers/local-environment/)
  * [Grants](/en/community/grants/)
  * [Foundational topics](/en/developers/docs/intro-to-ethereum/)
  * [UX/UI design fundamentals](/en/developers/docs/design-and-ux/)
  * [Enterprise - Mainnet Ethereum](/en/enterprise/)
  * [Enterprise - Private Ethereum](/en/enterprise/private-ethereum/)

### Participate

  * [Community hub](/en/community/)
  * [Online communities](/en/community/online/)
  * [Ethereum events](/en/community/events/)
  * [Contributing to ethereum.org](/en/contributing/)
  * [Translation Program](/en/contributing/translation-program/)
  * [Ethereum bug bounty program](/en/bug-bounty/)
  * [Ethereum Foundation](/en/foundation/)
  * [Ethereum Foundation Blog(opens in a new tab)](https://blog.ethereum.org/)
  * [Ecosystem Support Program(opens in a new tab)](https://esp.ethereum.foundation)
  * [Devcon(opens in a new tab)](https://devcon.org/)

### Research

  * [Ethereum Whitepaper](/en/whitepaper/)
  * [Ethereum roadmap](/en/roadmap/)
  * [Improved security](/en/roadmap/security/)
  * [Technical history of Ethereum](/en/history/)
  * [Open research](/en/community/research/)
  * [Ethereum Improvement Proposals](/en/eips/)
  * [Ethereum governance](/en/governance/)

  * [About us](/en/about/)
  * [Ethereum brand assets](/en/assets/)
  * [Code of conduct](/en/community/code-of-conduct/)
  * [Jobs](/en/about/#open-jobs)
  * [Privacy policy](/en/privacy-policy/)
  * [Terms of use](/en/terms-of-use/)
  * [Cookie policy](/en/cookie-policy/)
  * [Press Contact(opens in a new tab)](mailto:press@ethereum.org)

Is this page helpful?

