  * **Wallet**[**Mobile App** The world of Web3 in your pocket](/download)[**Browser Extension** An optimized Web3 experience for desktop](/browser-extension)
  * **Features**[**Swaps** Swap securely and seamlessly](/swap)[**Staking** Earn crypto rewards while securing networks](/staking)[**NFTs** Explore the world of NFTs](/nft)[**Security** Learn how we keep your assets & Web3 journey safe](/security)[**Buy Crypto** Buy crypto in under five minutes](/buy-crypto)[**SWIFT: Smart Contract Wallet** Explore Web3 easily with account abstraction features](/swift)
  * **Build**[**Developer Docs** Get guides for building powerful Web3 applications](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/)[**Wallet Core** Open-source, mobile-focused crypto wallet library](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/wallet-core)[**Submit dApp** Get your dApp in front of millions](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-dapps)[**Get assets listed** Elevate your asset’s exposure](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-assets)
  * **Support**[**FAQ** Get answers to your most pressing questions](https://community.trustwallet.com/c/helpcenter/8)[**Community Forum** Connect with our vibrant and diverse community](https://community.trustwallet.com/)[**Contact Us** Reach out for personalized support](https://support.trustwallet.com/en/support/home)
  * **About**[**About Us** Discover who we are and what drives us](/about-us)[**Careers** Join us in shaping the future of Web3](/careers)[**Press Kit** Download our official logo and other media assets](/press)[**Blog** Stay up-to-date on Web3 trends and insights](/blog)[**Terms of Service** What you need to know to use our services](/terms-of-service)[**Privacy Policy** Your privacy matters, learn how we protect it](/privacy-policy)

DarkLightLanguage

[Download Trust Wallet](/download)

[](/)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.4edbb099.svg)[**Mobile App** The world
of Web3 in your pocket](/download)[**Browser Extension** An optimized Web3
experience for desktop](/browser-extension)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.e7c57d68.svg)[**Swaps** Swap securely
and seamlessly](/swap)[**Staking** Earn crypto rewards while securing
networks](/staking)[**NFTs** Explore the world of NFTs](/nft)[**Security**
Learn how we keep your assets & Web3 journey safe](/security)[**Buy Crypto**
Buy crypto in under five minutes](/buy-crypto)[**SWIFT: Smart Contract
Wallet** Explore Web3 easily with account abstraction features](/swift)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.b373ab3f.svg)[**Developer Docs** Get
guides for building powerful Web3
applications](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/)[**Wallet Core**
Open-source, mobile-focused crypto wallet
library](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/wallet-core)[**Submit
dApp** Get your dApp in front of
millions](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-dapps)[**Get
assets listed** Elevate your asset’s
exposure](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-assets)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.1211abf0.svg)[**FAQ** Get answers to
your most pressing
questions](https://community.trustwallet.com/c/helpcenter/8)[**Community
Forum** Connect with our vibrant and diverse
community](https://community.trustwallet.com/)[**Contact Us** Reach out for
personalized support](https://support.trustwallet.com/en/support/home)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.9a6dd06f.svg)[**About Us** Discover who
we are and what drives us](/about-us)[**Careers** Join us in shaping the
future of Web3](/careers)[**Press Kit** Download our official logo and other
media assets](/press)[**Blog** Stay up-to-date on Web3 trends and
insights](/blog)[**Terms of Service** What you need to know to use our
services](/terms-of-service)[**Privacy Policy** Your privacy matters, learn
how we protect it](/privacy-policy)

[](/)

WalletFeaturesBuildSupportAbout

Language

[Download](/download)

[Home](/)  >  [Blog](/blog)  >
[Cryptocurrency](/blog?category=Cryptocurrency)  >  [What Is the Bitcoin
Halving?](/blog/what-is-the-bitcoin-halving)

##### Cryptocurrency

# What Is the Bitcoin Halving?

Published on: Mar 28, 2024

##### Share post

[](https://facebook.com/trustwalletapp)[](https://github.com/trustwallet)[](https://instagram.com/trustwallet)[](https://twitter.com/trustwallet)[](https://discord.gg/trustwallet)[](https://reddit.com/r/trustapp)[](https://t.me/trustwallet)

  * **Understanding The Bitcoin Halving**
  * **How Does Bitcoin Halving Work?**
  * **When is The Bitcoin Halving 2024?**
  * **Does the Bitcoin Halving Influence the Bitcoin Price?**
  * **How to Buy Bitcoin Using Trust Wallet**
  * **How to Deposit Bitcoin to Your Trust Wallet Address**

##### In Brief

Discover everything you need to know about the Bitcoin halving, its effect on
the crypto market, and what it could mean for BTC holders.

![What Is the Bitcoin Halving?](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fwhat_is_bitcoin_halving_d22b363d3c.png&w=3840&q=75)

The [Bitcoin halving](https://trustwallet.com/blog/bitcoin-halving-why-they-
happen-and-why-you-should-care) is fast approaching, but what exactly is it,
and how will it affect the crypto ecosystem? Our comprehensive guide explains
the Bitcoin halving, exploring its mechanics, historical effect, and what it
could mean for BTC holders and enthusiasts.

Before you dive in, remember that Trust Wallet makes it easy to buy and sell
Bitcoin via our trust partners. You can also use Trust Wallet as your secure
[crypto wallet](https://trustwallet.com/blog/crypto-wallet) for managing
Bitcoin, as well as, 10M+ more assets across 100+ blockchains.

[![Download-Trust-Wallet-Button.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2FDownload_Trust_Wallet_Button_3b2b015a21.png&w=3840&q=75)](https://short.trustwallet.com/TW-
blog)

## Understanding The Bitcoin Halving

The Bitcoin halving is a crucial event within the crypto world that occurs
approximately every four years. Embedded within Bitcoin's code, this event
alters the protocol's supply mechanism, affecting its supply and demand
dynamics. A Bitcoin halving tends to create scarcity, often causing the
[Bitcoin price](https://trustwallet.com/blog/how-high-can-the-bitcoin-price-
go) to rise. Before we get started Before we get started, remember that you
can buy, sell, receive and store Bitcoin using Trust Wallet.

You can Trust Wallet as your secure [Bitcoin
wallet](https://trustwallet.com/bitcoin-wallet). Download Trust Wallet as a
mobile app, or install the Trust Wallet Extension for your desktop browser.

## How Does Bitcoin Halving Work?

The Bitcoin halving involves a deliberate reduction in the reward granted to
miners for validating transactions and securing the network. Specifically, the
number of new [Bitcoin](https://trustwallet.com/buy-crypto/bitcoin) generated
with each mined block is halved. The Bitcoin halving slows down the pace at
which new coins are introduced into circulation.

This mechanism serves a dual purpose: to manage Bitcoin's inflation rate, and
to uphold the principle of scarcity. With a predetermined cap of 21 million
coins, [Bitcoin](https://trustwallet.com/buy-crypto/bitcoin) operates on a
deflationary model, wherein the rate of coin creation gradually diminishes
over time.

From an economic perspective, the Bitcoin halving echoes the principles of
scarcity observed in traditional commodities like gold. As the rate of new
supply diminishes, existing Bitcoin becomes scarce relative to demand. This
could drive the price of Bitcoin upward.

As the crypto community approaches the Bitcoin halving in 2024, anticipation
and speculation is building. While historical patterns suggest a bullish
sentiment around halving events, the intricacies of market dynamics ensure
that outcomes remain uncertain.

## When is The Bitcoin Halving 2024?

The exact date for the Bitcoin halving 2024 isn't fixed. It is estimated to
take place around mid-April 2024. It's important to note this is an estimate
because the halving is tied to the number of blocks mined, not a specific
date. With fluctuations in mining speed, the actual date may shift.

A Bitcoin halving occurs approximately every four years, or every 210,000
blocks. This process will continue until the block reward drops below one
Satoshi, the smallest denomination of Bitcoin (0.00000001 BTC). It is
estimated that the final Bitcoin will be mined around the year 2140.

![what-is-bitcoin-halving-1.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fwhat_is_bitcoin_halving_1_fabefc689c.png&w=3840&q=75)

### Previous Bitcoin Halving Dates

Let's take a step back and explore some of the previous Bitcoin halving dates:

  * **Genesis Block (2009):** The very first block, also known as the genesis block, offered a whopping 50 Bitcoin as a reward to miners. This hefty sum incentivized early participation and rapid network growth.

  * **First Bitcoin Halving (November 28, 2012):** After roughly four years and 210,000 mined blocks, the first Bitcoin halving date arrived. This event sliced the reward in half, bringing it down to 25 Bitcoin per block.

  * **Second Bitcoin Halving (July 9, 2016):** The second Bitcoin halving occurred around block 420,000. The block reward dropped to 12.5 Bitcoin per block.

  * **Third Halving (May 11, 2020):** With the arrival of block 630,000, the reward halved once more, settling at the current rate of 6.25 Bitcoin per block.

This built-in halving mechanism is designed to slowly decrease the total
number of Bitcoin entering circulation. With a finite supply, these reductions
aim to maintain Bitcoin scarcity and potentially influence the value of
existing Bitcoin. As we approach the 2024 Bitcoin halving, the reward is
expected to fall to 3.125 Bitcoin per block.

## Does the Bitcoin Halving Influence the Bitcoin Price?

Yes, the Bitcoin halving often affects the price of Bitcoin. This is likely
because of the reduction in the rate at which new Bitcoin comes into
circulation. Basic economic principles dictate that when the supply of an
asset decreases, while demand remains constant or increases, the price tends
to rise.

Historically, each Bitcoin halving event has been associated with a
significant increase in the price of Bitcoin.

After past Bitcoin halving events, the [price of
Bitcoin](https://trustwallet.com/blog/how-to-buy-bitcoin-using-trust-wallet-a-
visual-guide) tends to see notable upswings. Previously, these increases have
occurred post-halving. This year, however, appears to deviate from this
pattern. The value of Bitcoin has surged ahead of the scheduled halving date.
Whether this upward trend will persist beyond the 2024 halving remains
uncertain.

While the Bitcoin halving can be a contributing factor to price movements, it
is not the sole factor. The actual influence can be influenced by various
factors.

## How to Buy Bitcoin Using Trust Wallet

You can [buy crypto](https://trustwallet.com/buy-crypto), including Bitcoin,
using Trust Wallet, via our trusted partners. Here’s how:

  * Select “Buy” from the home screen.

  * Search for “Bitcoin” or “BTC” and select it.

  * Choose the currency you want to use, then enter the amount of [BTC](https://trustwallet.com/buy-crypto/bitcoin) you want to purchase.

  * Select the third party provider & payment method you’d like to use.

  * Select the Buy button and complete the remaining steps.

![what-is-bitcoin-halving-2.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fwhat_is_bitcoin_halving_2_7a29ffa9fb.png&w=3840&q=75)

## How to Deposit Bitcoin to Your Trust Wallet Address

In addition to buying BTC using Trust Wallet, you can also deposit BTC from
another Bitcoin wallet or from a centralized exchange. Here’s how:

  * Select “Receive” from the home screen.

  * Search for “Bitcoin” or “BTC” and select it.

From here you have two options. You can either:

  1. Copy your deposit address and use that on your exchange account or other wallet to send funds to.

  2. Use the “Deposit from exchange” option to deposit crypto from your exchange account.

![what-is-bitcoin-halving-3.gif](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fwhat_is_bitcoin_halving_3_84b5a9fe5b.gif&w=3840&q=75)

### Do Your Own Research (DYOR)

Remember, past events do not guarantee future ones. It's essential to
acknowledge the inherent volatility of the cryptocurrency market and to
conduct thorough research before engaging in investment decisions.

It's crucial to adhere to the principle of Do Your Own Research (DYOR) and
evaluate all aspects of potential investments carefully.

[![Download-Trust-Wallet-Button.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2FDownload_Trust_Wallet_Button_3b2b015a21.png&w=3840&q=75)](https://short.trustwallet.com/TW-
blog)

Join the Trust Wallet community on [Telegram](https://rebrand.ly/TW-Telegram-
Announcements) Follow us on [X (formerly Twitter)](https://rebrand.ly/TW-
Twitter-Blog) [Instagram](https://rebrand.ly/TW-Insta-Blog)
[Facebook](https://rebrand.ly/TW-FB-Blog) [Reddit](https://rebrand.ly/TW-
Reddit-Blog)

> **Note:** Any cited numbers, figures, or illustrations are reported at the
> time of writing, and are subject to change.

#### Simple and convenient to use, seamless to explore

[Download Trust Wallet](/download)

##### Stay Connected:

[](https://facebook.com/trustwalletapp)[](https://github.com/trustwallet)[](https://instagram.com/trustwallet)[](https://twitter.com/trustwallet)[](https://discord.gg/trustwallet)[](https://reddit.com/r/trustapp)[](https://t.me/trustwallet)

  * **Wallet**[Mobile App](/download)[Browser Extension](/browser-extension)
  * **Features**[Buy Crypto](/buy-crypto)[Swaps](/swap)[Staking](/staking)[NFTs](/nft)[Security](/security)[SWIFT: Smart Contract Wallet](/swift)
  * **Build**[Developer Docs](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/)[Wallet Core](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/wallet-core)[Submit dApp](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-dapps)[Get assets listed](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-assets)
  * **Support**[FAQ](https://community.trustwallet.com/c/helpcenter/8)[Community Forum](https://community.trustwallet.com/)[Contact Us](https://support.trustwallet.com/en/support/home)
  * **About**[About Us](/about-us)[Careers](/careers)[Press Kit](/press)[Terms of Service](/terms-of-service)[Privacy Policy](/privacy-policy)[Blog](/blog)
  * ![A-LIGN ISO 27701](/_next/static/media/image.8354ab2c.svg)![A-LIGN ISO 27001](/_next/static/media/image.7f0b3bc9.svg)

**Download Trust Wallet**

[Download for iOS](https://apps.apple.com/app/apple-
store/id1288339409?mt=8)[Download
Extension![Chrome](/_next/static/media/raw.7dd85797.svg)](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/trust-
wallet/egjidjbpglichdcondbcbdnbeeppgdph)[Download APK](/download/apk)[Download
for Android![App
Store](/_next/image?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Fimage.5ee64b2e.png&w=256&q=75)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.wallet.crypto.trustapp)

