Metaco.com will be sunset as of June 7, 2024

[Learn more](https://ripple.com/solutions/digital-asset-custody/ "Learn more")

Skip to main content

[![Metaco](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/logo.svg?x88149)![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/logo-w.svg?x88149)](https://www.metaco.com)

  * Solutions __

__Solutions

Solutions

    * [__Global Custodians Build tomorrow's market infrastructure ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/global-custodians-top-tier-banks/)
    * [__Universal Banks Satisfy demand for new asset classes ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/universal-banks/)
    * [__Neobanks & FintechsFind new routes to monetization ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/neobanks-fintechs/)
    * [__Regulated Exchanges Grow volumes and profit margins ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/regulated-exchanges/)
    * [__Corporates Boost customer loyalty and engagement ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/corporates/)

  * Platform __

__Platform

Platform

Deploy ambitious digital asset use cases with the most secure and versatile
infrastructure.

    * [__Harmonize™ Platform Overview Issue, store, trade, transfer, settle and service any type of digital asset. ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/harmonize/)
    * [__Custody Hot, warm and institutional cold storage ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/custody/)
    * [__Trading Powerful order execution, funding and settlement ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/trading/)
    * [__Web3 Web3 Portal spanning NFTs, DeFi and DApps ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/web3/)
    * [__Governance Entirely customizable risk and compliance controls ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/governance/)
    * [__Orchestration A single source of truth for managing all digital assets ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/orchestration/)
    * [__Tokenization Asset-agnostic smart contract management framework ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/tokenization/)
    * [__Integration Fully integrable platform following enterprise standards ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/integration/)
    * [__Security Highest protection against insider and external threats ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/security/)

  * Company __

__Company

Company

    * [__About](https://www.metaco.com/company/about/)
    * [__Media & news](https://www.metaco.com/company/media-coverage-press-releases/)
    * [__Careers](https://www.metaco.com/careers/)

  * Resources __

__Resources

Resources

    * [__Talks](https://www.metaco.com/resources/talks/)
    * [__Webinars](https://www.metaco.com/resources/webinars/)
    * [__Case studies](https://www.metaco.com/resources/case-studies/)
    * [__Reports](https://www.metaco.com/resources/reports/)
    * [__Blog](https://www.metaco.com/resources/blog/)

[Contact](https://www.metaco.com/contact/ "Contact")

[Blog](https://www.metaco.com/category/blog/)

# 6 Key Tenets of Institutional Digital Asset Custody

  *  __ November 7, 2023
  *  __7 min

Share

  * [ __](https://www.linkedin.com/sharing/share-offsite/?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.metaco.com%2Fblog%2F6-key-tenets-of-institutional-digital-asset-custody%2F)
  * [__](https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Metaco+https%3A%2F%2Fwww.metaco.com%2Fblog%2F6-key-tenets-of-institutional-digital-asset-custody%2F+via+%40metaco_sa)

In part one of this two-part series on the need for institutional digital
asset custody solutions, we made the case that banks have an opportunity to
enhance their own businesses by expanding their current custody offerings to
fill this gap in the market. In this deeper dive, we’ll explore the
considerations banks must confront and the six key tenets that will define a
successful crypto custody offering.

### [The Tokenized Future](https://www.metaco.com/blog/tokenization-asset-
ownership-etf-reit/)

The tokenization of assets is expected to skyrocket in the coming years, with
the Boston Consulting Group predicting a $16 trillion business opportunity
constituting 10% of global GDP by 2030 _[1]_. As more sophisticated
institutional investors engage, they need trusted digital asset custody
solutions. Banks are well-positioned to leverage their role as custodians of
traditional assets in this tokenized world to become critical parts of the new
economic value chain.

Most banks are already in the midst of digital transformation strategies that
have included a shift to online and mobile engagement or open banking
services. Now, forward-leaning banks must begin including [digital asset
custody](https://www.metaco.com/whitepaper/primer-da-custody/) within their
definition of digital transformation. Key considerations of that expanded
strategy will be the technology, compliance and financial resources required
to execute it.

Many banks and financial service institutions will likely opt for third-party
custody providers because of their advantages in time-to-market, up-front cost
and readily-available regulatory and technology expertise. All of those
considerations should be viewed in the context of a long-term strategic
investment that will expand a bank’s prospects and opportunities over time.

Whichever path a bank chooses, its most critical obligation is digital asset
security, or the secure management and protections of their clients’ digital
assets. Adherence to these six core tenets will ensure it positions itself as
a trusted custody provider.

### 1\. Security Measures

From the Mt. Gox hack in 2014 to more recent exchange breaches, it’s clear
that security is fundamental to any digital asset custody solution. The key is
striking a balance between adequately safeguarding assets and maintaining
accessibility for customers.

Cold wallets, multi-signature wallets, physical security protocols, continuous
monitoring or some combination of these can all be employed as part of a
robust security strategy able to detect and respond to potential attacks in
real time _[2]_. Regular security audits provide peace of mind that digital
asset custodians are complying with accepted industry standards and staying
ahead of evolving risks.

### 2\. Specialized Technology Infrastructure

Advanced technology infrastructure goes hand-in-hand with security, providing
superior functionality, scalability and resilience as part of the effective
digital asset custody services. From Hardware Security Modules (HSMs) to
Multi-Party Computations (MPCs) and blockchain integrations to redundancy and
disaster recovery, a technology stack must be able to handle high volumes
while remaining flexible enough to surmount constantly-emerging challenges
_[3]_.

### 3\. Regulatory Compliance

Clarity is coming to digital asset custody, with regulatory bodies worldwide
working to define frameworks and licensing procedures. Digital asset
custodians must not only comply with these standards but also provide
mechanisms for adherence to internal policies and management considerations.

These robust regulatory and governance frameworks are essential to reduce
vulnerabilities and bolster customer confidence. Ensuring compliance with
Anti-Money Laundering (AML) and Know Your Customer (KYC) regulations, proper
licensing and registration, detailed reporting and auditing procedures,
transaction verification processes and strict access and authorization
controls all work to foster an environment of trust.

![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/11/metaco-
blog-01.jpg?x88149)

### 4\. Risk Management

Comprehensive governance and risk management practices are essential to
safeguarding digital assets. These include continuous assessment of
cybersecurity risks, monitoring regulatory changes, managing market volatility
and mitigating operational risks like human error or system failures.
Employing routine audits and putting contingency plans in place as backstops
will help harden a risk management strategy.

### 5\. Insurance

Insurance coverage is a fundamental offering among reputable custody service
solutions, protecting customers from negligence, theft or loss in a world
where value cannot be retrieved from a centralized authority. In 2023, for
example, the holder of $135,000 CryptoPunk #685 intended to leverage the asset
to buy another NFT but instead unintentionally (and permanently) burned it
_[4]_. While the scope of insurance coverage varies among providers, it is an
additional layer of security to safeguard crypto assets and provides customers
with more peace of mind.

### 6\. Business Model

The ever-evolving nature of the digital asset market demands agility from
custodians. Banks aiming to vary their digital asset holdings and appeal to
clients with diverse portfolios must design custody solutions that are
interoperable across asset types and blockchains. At the same time, custodians
must be able to deliver immediate access to liquidity, either through seamless
integration with liquidity providers or an in-house trading desk.

### Delivering Trustworthy Custody Solutions

Institutional digital asset custody will play a pivotal role in the tokenized
economy. Persistent security concerns means institutional and retail investors
alike are seeking digital asset custodians they can trust.

For banks and financial providers seeking to capitalize on this growth,
adhering to the tenets of security, technology, regulatory compliance,
operational excellence and risk management is non-negotiable. Proving a
custodian mindset in both reputation and execution will deliver a clear
competitive advantage and help support the success of the broader digital
asset ecosystem.

Download the full report from Metaco for [A Primer on Digital Asset
Custody](https://www.metaco.com/whitepaper/primer-da-custody/), including a
deeper dive on the considerations and core tenets banks must take into account
when building a solution or choosing a digital asset custody provider.

    
    
    _[1] https://web-assets.bcg.com/1e/a2/5b5f2b7e42dfad2cb3113a291222/on-chain-asset-tokenization.pdf_
    _[2] https://www.pwchk.com/en/press-room/press-releases/pr-110723.html_
    _[3] https://futureoffinance.biz/digital-asset-custody-the-future-looks-like-the-past-3/https://www.coingecko.com/en/global-charts_
    _[4] https://cointelegraph.com/news/nft-investor-accidentally-burns-135k-cryptopunk-trying-to-borrow-money_



## Subscribe to future **Metaco insights**

[ Subscribe](https://go.metaco.com/l/1003211/2023-09-22/qzqx "Subscribe")

![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/footer.png?x88149)

[![Metaco](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/logo-w.svg?x88149)](https://www.metaco.com)

  * [Solutions](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/)
    * [Global Custodians](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/global-custodians-top-tier-banks/)
    * [Universal Banks](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/universal-banks/)
    * [Neobanks & Fintechs](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/neobanks-fintechs/)
    * [Regulated Exchanges](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/regulated-exchanges/)
    * [Corporates](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/corporates/)
  * [Platform](https://www.metaco.com/platform/)
    * [Harmonize™](https://www.metaco.com/platform/harmonize/)
    * [Custody](https://www.metaco.com/platform/custody/)
    * [Trading](https://www.metaco.com/platform/trading/)
    * [Web3](https://www.metaco.com/platform/web3/)
    * [Governance](https://www.metaco.com/platform/governance/)
    * [Orchestration](https://www.metaco.com/platform/orchestration/)
    * [Tokenization](https://www.metaco.com/platform/tokenization/)
    * [Integration](https://www.metaco.com/platform/integration/)
    * [Security](https://www.metaco.com/platform/security/)
  * [Company](https://www.metaco.com/company/media-coverage-press-releases/)
    * [About](https://www.metaco.com/company/about/)
    * [Media & news](https://www.metaco.com/company/media-coverage-press-releases/)
    * [Jobs](https://www.metaco.com/jobs/)
  * [Resources](https://www.metaco.com/resources/)
    * [Talks](https://www.metaco.com/resources/talks/)
    * [Webinars](https://www.metaco.com/resources/webinars/)
    * [Case studies](https://www.metaco.com/resources/case-studies/)
    * [Reports](https://www.metaco.com/resources/reports/)
    * [Blog](https://www.metaco.com/resources/blog/)

![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/10/sco2.png?x88149)![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/10/iso27001.png?x88149)

  * [__](https://www.twitter.com/metaco_sa "Twitter: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")
  * [__](https://www.linkedin.com/company/metaco-ag/ "Linkedin: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")
  * [__](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC4MLOKnJD9bXfHVXMnHM7ow "Youtube: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")
  * [__](https://open.spotify.com/show/0IiI7iftR3F3RqinfJbpRT "Spotify: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")

© 2015-2024 - Metaco SA - All Rights Reserved |[ Terms & Conditions](https://www.metaco.com/terms-conditions/) | [Privacy Policy](https://www.metaco.com/privacy-policy/) | [Cookie policy](https://www.metaco.com/cookie-policy/)

