Skip to main content

[](/en/)

  * Learn
  * Use
  * Build
  * Participate
  * Research

Search```K`

Languages EN

Change page

[Overview](/en/developers/docs/)

Foundational topics

[Intro to Ethereum](/en/developers/docs/intro-to-ethereum/)

[Intro to Ether](/en/developers/docs/intro-to-ether/)

[Intro to dapps](/en/developers/docs/dapps/)

[Web2 vs Web3](/en/developers/docs/web2-vs-web3/)

[Accounts](/en/developers/docs/accounts/)

[Transactions](/en/developers/docs/transactions/)

[Blocks](/en/developers/docs/blocks/)

[Ethereum virtual machine (EVM)](/en/developers/docs/evm/)

[Opcodes](/en/developers/docs/evm/opcodes/)

[Gas](/en/developers/docs/gas/)

[Nodes and clients](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/)

[Run a node](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/run-a-node/)

[Client diversity](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/client-diversity/)

[Nodes as a service](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/nodes-as-a-
service/)

[Node architecture](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/node-architecture/)

[Light clients](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/light-clients/)

[Archive nodes](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/archive-nodes/)

[Bootnodes](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/bootnodes/)

[Networks](/en/developers/docs/networks/)

[Consensus mechanisms](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/)

[Proof-of-work](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pow/)

[Mining](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pow/mining/)

[Mining algorithms](/en/developers/docs/consensus-
mechanisms/pow/mining/mining-algorithms/)

[Dagger-Hashimoto](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pow/mining/mining-
algorithms/dagger-hashimoto/)

[Ethash](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pow/mining/mining-
algorithms/ethash/)

[Proof-of-stake](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/)

[Gasper](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/gasper/)

[Weak subjectivity](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/weak-
subjectivity/)

[Attestations](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/attestations/)

[PoS rewards and penalties](/en/developers/docs/consensus-
mechanisms/pos/rewards-and-penalties/)

[PoS attack and defense](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/attack-
and-defense/)

[Keys](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/keys/)

[Proof-of-stake versus proof-of-work](/en/developers/docs/consensus-
mechanisms/pos/pos-vs-pow/)

[Block proposal](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/block-proposal/)

[Proof-of-stake FAQs](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/faqs/)

[Proof-of-authority](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/poa/)

Ethereum stack

[Intro to the stack](/en/developers/docs/ethereum-stack/)

[Smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/)

[Smart contract languages](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/languages/)

[Smart contract anatomy](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/anatomy/)

[Smart contracts libraries](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/libraries/)

[Testing smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/testing/)

[Compiling smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/compiling/)

[Deploying smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/deploying/)

[Verifying smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/verifying/)

[Upgrading smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/upgrading/)

[Smart contract security](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/security/)

[Smart contract formal verification](/en/developers/docs/smart-
contracts/formal-verification/)

[Composability](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/composability/)

[Development networks](/en/developers/docs/development-networks/)

[Development frameworks](/en/developers/docs/frameworks/)

Ethereum client APIs

[JavaScript APIs](/en/developers/docs/apis/javascript/)

[Backend APIs](/en/developers/docs/apis/backend/)

[JSON-RPC](/en/developers/docs/apis/json-rpc/)

[Data and analytics](/en/developers/docs/data-and-analytics/)

[Block explorers](/en/developers/docs/data-and-analytics/block-explorers/)

[Storage](/en/developers/docs/storage/)

[Integrated Development Environments (IDEs)](/en/developers/docs/ides/)

[Programming languages](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/)

[Dart](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/dart/)

[Delphi](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/delphi/)

[.NET](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/dot-net/)

[Golang](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/golang/)

[Java](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/java/)

[JavaScript](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/javascript/)

[Python](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/python/)

[Ruby](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/ruby/)

[Rust](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/rust/)

Advanced

[Bridges](/en/developers/docs/bridges/)

[Standards](/en/developers/docs/standards/)

[Token standards](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/)

[ERC-20: Fungible Tokens](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/erc-20/)

[ERC-721: NFTs](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/erc-721/)

[ERC-777](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/erc-777/)

[ERC-1155](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/erc-1155/)

[ERC-4626](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/erc-4626/)

[Maximal extractable value (MEV)](/en/developers/docs/mev/)

[Oracles](/en/developers/docs/oracles/)

[Scaling](/en/developers/docs/scaling/)

[Optimistic rollups](/en/developers/docs/scaling/optimistic-rollups/)

[Zero-knowledge rollups](/en/developers/docs/scaling/zk-rollups/)

[State channels](/en/developers/docs/scaling/state-channels/)

[Sidechains](/en/developers/docs/scaling/sidechains/)

[Plasma](/en/developers/docs/scaling/plasma/)

[Validium](/en/developers/docs/scaling/validium/)

[Data availability](/en/developers/docs/data-availability/)

[Networking layer](/en/developers/docs/networking-layer/)

[Network addresses](/en/developers/docs/networking-layer/network-addresses/)

[Portal Network](/en/developers/docs/networking-layer/portal-network/)

[Data structures and encoding](/en/developers/docs/data-structures-and-
encoding/)

[Patricia Merkle Trie](/en/developers/docs/data-structures-and-
encoding/patricia-merkle-trie/)

[Recursive-length prefix (RLP)](/en/developers/docs/data-structures-and-
encoding/rlp/)

[Simple serialize (SSZ)](/en/developers/docs/data-structures-and-
encoding/ssz/)

[Web3 secret storage definition](/en/developers/docs/data-structures-and-
encoding/web3-secret-storage/)

Design fundamentals

[Intro to design and UX](/en/developers/docs/design-and-ux/)

# Deploying smart contracts

w

Last edit: [@wackerow(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/wackerow), April
23, 2024

See contributors

On this page

  * Prerequisites
  * How to deploy a smart contract
    * What you'll need
    * Steps to deploy a smart contract
  * Related tools
  * Related tutorials
  * Further reading
  * Related topics

You need to deploy your smart contract for it to be available to users of an
Ethereum network.

To deploy a smart contract, you merely send an Ethereum transaction containing
the compiled code of the smart contract without specifying any recipient.

## Prerequisites

You should understand [Ethereum networks](/en/developers/docs/networks/),
[transactions](/en/developers/docs/transactions/) and the [anatomy of smart
contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/anatomy/) before deploying
smart contracts.

Deploying a contract also costs ether (ETH) since they are stored on the
blockchain, so you should be familiar with [gas and
fees](/en/developers/docs/gas/) on Ethereum.

Finally, you'll need to compile your contract before deploying it, so make
sure you've read about [compiling smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-
contracts/compiling/).

## How to deploy a smart contract

### What you'll need

  * Your contract's bytecode – this is generated through [compilation](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/compiling/)
  * ETH for gas – you'll set your gas limit like other transactions so be aware that contract deployment needs a lot more gas than a simple ETH transfer
  * a deployment script or plugin
  * access to an [Ethereum node](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/), either by running your own, connecting to a public node, or via an API key using a [node service](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/nodes-as-a-service/)

### Steps to deploy a smart contract

The specific steps involved will depend on the development framework in
question. For example, you can check out [Hardhat's documentation on deploying
your contracts(opens in a new tab)](https://hardhat.org/guides/deploying.html)
or [Foundry's documentation on deploying and verifying a smart contract(opens
in a new tab)](https://book.getfoundry.sh/forge/deploying). Once deployed,
your contract will have an Ethereum address like other
[accounts](/en/developers/docs/accounts/) and can be verified using [source
code verification tools](/en/developers/docs/smart-
contracts/verifying/#source-code-verification-tools).

## Related tools

**Remix -_Remix IDE allows developing, deploying and administering smart
contracts for Ethereum like blockchains_**

  * [Remix(opens in a new tab)](https://remix.ethereum.org)

**Tenderly -_Web3 development platform that provides debugging, observability,
and infrastructure building blocks for developing, testing, monitoring, and
operating smart contracts_**

  * [tenderly.co(opens in a new tab)](https://tenderly.co/)
  * [Docs(opens in a new tab)](https://docs.tenderly.co/)
  * [GitHub(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/Tenderly)
  * [Discord(opens in a new tab)](https://discord.gg/eCWjuvt)

**Hardhat -_A development environment to compile, deploy, test, and debug your
Ethereum software_**

  * [hardhat.org(opens in a new tab)](https://hardhat.org/getting-started/)
  * [Docs on deploying your contracts(opens in a new tab)](https://hardhat.org/guides/deploying.html)
  * [GitHub(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/nomiclabs/hardhat)
  * [Discord(opens in a new tab)](https://discord.com/invite/TETZs2KK4k)

**thirdweb -_Easily deploy any contract to any EVM compatible chain, using a
single command_**

  * [Documentation(opens in a new tab)](https://portal.thirdweb.com/deploy/)

**Crossmint -_Enterprise-grade web3 development platform to deploy smart
contracts, enable credit-card and cross chain payments, and use APIs to
create, distribute, sell, store, and edit NFTs._**

  * [crossmint.com(opens in a new tab)](https://www.crossmint.com)
  * [Documentation(opens in a new tab)](https://docs.crossmint.com)
  * [Discord(opens in a new tab)](https://discord.com/invite/crossmint)
  * [Blog(opens in a new tab)](https://blog.crossmint.com)

## Related tutorials

  * [Deploying your first smart contract](/en/developers/tutorials/deploying-your-first-smart-contract/) _– An introduction to deploying your first smart contract on an Ethereum test network._
  * [Hello World | smart contract tutorial](/en/developers/tutorials/hello-world-smart-contract/) _– An easy-to-follow tutorial to create & deploy a basic smart contract on Ethereum._
  * [Interact with other contracts from Solidity](/en/developers/tutorials/interact-with-other-contracts-from-solidity/) _– How to deploy a smart contract from an existing contract and interact with it._
  * [How to downsize your contract size](/en/developers/tutorials/downsizing-contracts-to-fight-the-contract-size-limit/) _\- How to reduce your contract's size to keep it under the limit and save on gas_

## Further reading

  * <https://docs.openzeppelin.com/learn/deploying-and-interacting>[(opens in a new tab)](https://docs.openzeppelin.com/learn/deploying-and-interacting) \- _OpenZeppelin_
  * [Deploying your contracts with Hardhat(opens in a new tab)](https://hardhat.org/guides/deploying.html) \- _Nomic Labs_

 _Know of a community resource that helped you? Edit this page and add it!_

## Related topics

  * [Development frameworks](/en/developers/docs/frameworks/)
  * [Run an Ethereum node](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/run-a-node/)
  * [Nodes-as-a-service](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/nodes-as-a-service/)

back-to-top ↑

### Was this article helpful?

YesNo

![👈](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f448.svg)

Previous

[Compiling smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/compiling/)

![👉](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f449.svg)

Next

[Verifying smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/verifying/)

  * [Edit page(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/ethereum/ethereum-org-website/tree/dev/public/content/developers/docs/smart-contracts/deploying/index.md)
  * On this page

    * Prerequisites
    * How to deploy a smart contract
      * What you'll need
      * Steps to deploy a smart contract
    * Related tools
    * Related tutorials
    * Further reading
    * Related topics

Website last updated: May 22, 2024

[(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/ethereum/ethereum-org-
website)[(opens in a new tab)](https://twitter.com/ethdotorg)[(opens in a new
tab)](https://discord.gg/ethereum-org)

### Learn

  * [Learn Hub](/en/learn/)
  * [What is Ethereum?](/en/what-is-ethereum/)
  * [What is ether (ETH)?](/en/eth/)
  * [Ethereum wallets](/en/wallets/)
  * [What is Web3?](/en/web3/)
  * [Smart contracts](/en/smart-contracts/)
  * [Gas fees](/en/gas/)
  * [Run a node](/en/run-a-node/)
  * [Ethereum security and scam prevention](/en/security/)
  * [Quiz Hub](/en/quizzes/)
  * [Ethereum glossary](/en/glossary/)

### Use

  * [Guides](/en/guides/)
  * [Choose your wallet](/en/wallets/find-wallet/)
  * [Get ETH](/en/get-eth/)
  * [Dapps - Decentralized applications](/en/dapps/)
  * [Stablecoins](/en/stablecoins/)
  * [NFTs - Non-fungible tokens](/en/nft/)
  * [DeFi - Decentralized finance](/en/defi/)
  * [DAOs - Decentralized autonomous organizations](/en/dao/)
  * [Decentralized identity](/en/decentralized-identity/)
  * [Stake ETH](/en/staking/)
  * [Layer 2](/en/layer-2/)

### Build

  * [Builder's home](/en/developers/)
  * [Tutorials](/en/developers/tutorials/)
  * [Documentation](/en/developers/docs/)
  * [Learn by coding](/en/developers/learning-tools/)
  * [Set up local environment](/en/developers/local-environment/)
  * [Grants](/en/community/grants/)
  * [Foundational topics](/en/developers/docs/intro-to-ethereum/)
  * [UX/UI design fundamentals](/en/developers/docs/design-and-ux/)
  * [Enterprise - Mainnet Ethereum](/en/enterprise/)
  * [Enterprise - Private Ethereum](/en/enterprise/private-ethereum/)

### Participate

  * [Community hub](/en/community/)
  * [Online communities](/en/community/online/)
  * [Ethereum events](/en/community/events/)
  * [Contributing to ethereum.org](/en/contributing/)
  * [Translation Program](/en/contributing/translation-program/)
  * [Ethereum bug bounty program](/en/bug-bounty/)
  * [Ethereum Foundation](/en/foundation/)
  * [Ethereum Foundation Blog(opens in a new tab)](https://blog.ethereum.org/)
  * [Ecosystem Support Program(opens in a new tab)](https://esp.ethereum.foundation)
  * [Devcon(opens in a new tab)](https://devcon.org/)

### Research

  * [Ethereum Whitepaper](/en/whitepaper/)
  * [Ethereum roadmap](/en/roadmap/)
  * [Improved security](/en/roadmap/security/)
  * [Technical history of Ethereum](/en/history/)
  * [Open research](/en/community/research/)
  * [Ethereum Improvement Proposals](/en/eips/)
  * [Ethereum governance](/en/governance/)

  * [About us](/en/about/)
  * [Ethereum brand assets](/en/assets/)
  * [Code of conduct](/en/community/code-of-conduct/)
  * [Jobs](/en/about/#open-jobs)
  * [Privacy policy](/en/privacy-policy/)
  * [Terms of use](/en/terms-of-use/)
  * [Cookie policy](/en/cookie-policy/)
  * [Press Contact(opens in a new tab)](mailto:press@ethereum.org)

Is this page helpful?

