[](https://www.binance.com/en)

[Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/crypto/buy)

[Markets](https://www.binance.com/en/markets/overview)

Trade

Basic

  * [SpotBuy and sell on the Spot market with advanced tools](https://www.binance.com/en/trade/BTC_USDT?type=spot)
  * [MarginIncrease your profits with leverage](https://www.binance.com/en/trade?type=cross)
  * [P2PBuy & sell cryptocurrencies using bank transfer and 800+ options](https://p2p.binance.com/en)
  * [Convert & Block TradeThe easiest way to trade at all sizes](https://www.binance.com/en/convert)

Advanced

  * [Trading BotsTrade smarter with our various automated strategies - easy, fast and reliable](https://www.binance.com/en/trading-bots)
  * [Copy TradingFollow the most popular traders](https://www.binance.com/en/copy-trading)
  * [APIsUnlimited opportunities with one key](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-api)

[Futures](https://www.binance.com/en/futures/home)

  * [USDⓈ-M FuturesContracts settled in USDT and USDC](https://www.binance.com/en/futures)
  * [COIN-M FuturesContracts settled in cryptocurrency](https://www.binance.com/en/delivery)
  * [OptionsUSDT Options with limited downside and affordable entry](https://www.binance.com/en/eoptions)

[Earn](https://www.binance.com/en/earn)

[Square](https://www.binance.com/en/square)

  * [SquareStay informed with everything crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/square)
  * [Academy (Learn & Earn)Earn crypto by learning about blockchain](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn)
  * [BlogExpand your knowledge and get the latest insights](https://www.binance.com/en/blog)
  * [ResearchInstitutional-grade analysis, in-depth insights, and more](https://www.binance.com/en/research)

More

  * [VIP & InstitutionalYour trusted digital asset platform for VIPs and institutions](https://www.binance.com/en/vip-institutional-services)
  * [Launchpad & LaunchpoolDiscover and gain access to new token launches](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)
  * [MegadropLock your BNB and complete Web3 quests for boosted airdrop rewards](https://www.binance.com/en/megadrop)
  * [Mining PoolMine more rewards by connecting to the pool](https://pool.binance.com/en)
  * [PaySend, receive and spend crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/payment)
  * [LoansGet an instant loan secured by crypto assets](https://www.binance.com/en/loan)

  * [NFTExplore NFTs from creators worldwide](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/home)
  * [Fan TokenDiscover an all-new fandom and unlock unlimited fan experiences](https://www.binance.com/en/fan-token)
  * [Web3 WalletMeet the next-generation Web3 wallet](https://www.binance.com/en/web3wallet)
  * [BNB ChainThe most popular blockchain to build your own dApp](https://www.bnbchain.org)
  * [CharityBlockchain empowers charity to be more transparent, efficient, and traceable](https://www.binance.charity)

[Log
In](https://accounts.binance.com/en/login?loginChannel=blog&return_to=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYmluYW5jZS5jb20vZW4vYmxvZy9jb21tdW5pdHkvYmluYW5jZS1yZWNlaXZlcy1jeWJlci1zZWN1cml0eS1wcm9mZXNzaW9uYWwtYXdhcmQtZnJvbS1ob25nLWtvbmctYXV0aG9yaXRpZXMtODUwODQ0MTE5NzM5Nzk4MDU5Mz9sYW5nPWVu)[Sign
Up](https://accounts.binance.com/en/register?registerChannel=blog&return_to=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYmluYW5jZS5jb20vZW4vYmxvZy9jb21tdW5pdHkvYmluYW5jZS1yZWNlaXZlcy1jeWJlci1zZWN1cml0eS1wcm9mZXNzaW9uYWwtYXdhcmQtZnJvbS1ob25nLWtvbmctYXV0aG9yaXRpZXMtODUwODQ0MTE5NzM5Nzk4MDU5Mz9sYW5nPWVu)

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/images/common/logo.png)

Scan to Download App IOS & Android

[More Download
Options](https://www.binance.com/en/download?utm_source=&utm_campaign=)

##### [Binance Blog](/blog)

# Binance Receives Cyber Security Professional Award From Hong Kong
Authorities

2024-02-29

## Main Takeaways

  * The Cyber Security Professional Awards is Hong Kong's landmark cyber security awards ceremony. Its fourth iteration was held on February 29, 2024.

  * During the ceremony, Binance received the Merit Award under the banking and finance category, being the only Web3 representative to receive this honor from the Hong Kong Police Force this year.

  * Binance's expertise and continued efforts in assisting Hong Kong law enforcement agencies in the fight against virtual asset crimes has been recognised and commended.

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20240229/01fe1c26-a723-4321-bf32-baf1928d7952)

Binance has been presented the Merit Award during the Hong Kong Cyber Security
Professional Awards ceremony, recognizing its contributions in assisting the
Hong Kong Police Force (HKPF) in combating virtual asset-related crimes.
Binance was the only Web3 company to have been presented the Merit Award under
the banking and finance sectors.

Jointly organized by the HKPF, the Government Computer Emergency Response Team
Hong Kong (GovCERT.HK), and the Hong Kong Computer Emergency Response Team
Coordination Centre (HKCERT), the event brought together cyber security
experts from various relevant sectors.

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20240229/c6e5f786-d963-40d8-80b3-fa3c3b8d2340)_Police
Officers from Hong Kong Cybersecurity and Technology Crime Bureau and
representatives from Binance’s Investigation team_

##  Recognizing Expertise

Launched in 2016, the Cyber Security Professional Awards is Hong Kong's
premier cyber security awards ceremony, recognizing the outstanding
achievements and skills of cyber security professionals across different
industries. Binance’s commitment to cooperating with Hong Kong law enforcement
officials, as well as its assistance to the HKPF in dealing with virtual
asset-related crimes, has won the recognition of this year's selection
committee.

A representative of the Hong Kong Police Force said: “With the advent of the
digital age, there have been concerns about the latest developments in crime
trends. We believe it is crucial to increase cooperation with stakeholders in
the industry and strengthen the effectiveness of law enforcement to combat
crime through resource sharing, intelligence exchange, and talent cultivation.
We are grateful to Binance for its support in enhancing the ability of law
enforcement officers to combat criminals. We will continue to communicate and
cooperate with industry experts to ensure the continued security of
cyberspace.”

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20240229/e1200b08-e9df-4d4c-b2a8-1d1dca69e551)
_Mr. Siu Chak-Yee, Commissioner of Police of HKPF with representatives from
Binance’s Investigation team, Carlos Mak_

##  Collaboration Is Key to Web3 Security

Carlos Mak from Binance’s Investigations team, said: "I am honored to have
received this award on behalf of Binance, and it serves as an important
recognition of our commitment and efforts to secure Web3 networks. Close
collaboration with law enforcement authorities is an integral part of
Binance’s efforts to eradicate criminals in the industry, and we are driven to
work alongside Hong Kong law enforcement officers to strengthen cyber
security. In the future, Binance will continue our efforts to bolster global
Web3 security and build a trustworthy Web3 ecosystem.”

As an organization dedicated to maintaining user protection, Binance has one
of the strongest financial crime compliance departments in the industry.
Binance has played a key role in solving multiple major international cases
and has worked with law enforcement agencies worldwide to share expertise in
combating virtual asset-related crimes. These efforts have contributed to the
creation of a safer virtual asset space today. According to [_Chainalysis’
2024 Crypto Crime Report_](https://www.chainalysis.com/blog/2024-crypto-crime-
report-introduction/) , the total value of virtual assets received by illicit
addresses showed a considerable decline between 2022 and 2023, from $39.6
billion to $24.2 billion. This trend was also visible in the share of illicit
crypto transactions in the overall transaction flow  going down from 0.42% to
0.34% between 2022 and 2023.

Previously, Binance was also invited to participate in various activities
organized by the Hong Kong Police Force, including the [_International Forum
on Cyber Policing (ISCP)_](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/ecosystem/binance-
brings-law-enforcement-expertise-to-hong-kong-international-symposium-on-
cyber-policing-3815824125081248102) , the [_Virtual Asset Investigation
Course_](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/community/binance-teams-up-with-hong-
kong-police-to-fight-cybercrime-7861278029724070297) , and the [_Commercial
Crime Advanced Course_](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/ecosystem/binance-
contributes-to-hong-kong-commercial-crime-bureaus-advanced-educational-
course-2221950511455444773) , which were well received by law enforcement
officers.

## Further Reading

  * [ _Above and Beyond for Users: How Binance Helps Tackle Crime On - and Offline_](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/community/above-and-beyond-for-users-how-binance-helps-tackle-crime-on--and-offline-7072508369250665645)

  * [ _Binance Shares Cyber-Policing and Investigative Expertise With INTERPOL_](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/ecosystem/binance-shares-cyberpolicing-and-investigative-expertise-with-interpol-8801759366914474386)

  * [ _Daily Life of Binance Investigators_](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/ecosystem/daily-life-of-binance-investigators-3127623160088591852)

194,997,170 users chose us. Find out why today.

Register Now

94

###### Share Post

Article Outlines

Binance Receives Cyber Security Professional Award From Hong Kong Authorities

Main Takeaways

Recognizing Expertise

Collaboration Is Key to Web3 Security

Further Reading

194,997,170 users chose us. Find out why today.

Register Now

### Community

[](https://discord.gg/jE4wt8g2H2)[](https://www.binance.com/en/community)[](https://www.tiktok.com/@binance?lang=en)[](https://www.facebook.com/binance)[](https://twitter.com/binance)[](https://www.reddit.com/r/binance)[](https://www.instagram.com/Binance/)[](https://coinmarketcap.com/exchanges/binance/)[](https://www.youtube.com/binanceyoutube)[](https://www.binance.com/en/community)

English

English

العربية

العربية (البحرين)

български

Čeština

Dansk

Deutsch (Schweiz)

Ελληνικά

English (UAE)

English (Australia)

English (Bahrain)

English (India)

English (Japan)

English (Kazakhstan)

English (Nigeria)

English (New Zealand)

English (South Africa)

Español (España)

Español (Argentina)

Español (Latinoamérica)

Español (México)

Français

Français (Afrique)

magyar nyelv

Bahasa Indonesia

Italiano

日本語

Қазақша (Қазақстан)

Қазақша

ລາວ

latviešu valoda

Polski

Português

Português (Brasil)

Română

Русский

Русский (Казахстан)

Русский (Украина)

සිංහල

Slovenčina

Slovenščina

Svenska

Türkçe

Українська

Tiếng Việt

简体中文

繁體中文

USD-$

USD-$

AED-د.إ

ARS-ARS$

AUD-A$

BDT-৳

BGN-лв

BHD-.د.ب

BOB-$b

BRL-R$

CAD-C$

CHF-CHF

CNY-¥

COP-COL$

CZK-Kč

DKK-KR

EGP-E£

EUR-€

GBP-£

HKD-HKD

HRK-kn

HUF-Ft

IDR-Rp

INR-₹

JPY-¥

KES-KSh

KWD-ك.د

KZT-₸

MAD-م.د.

MNT-₮

MXN-Mex$

NZD-NZ$

OMR-ر.ع.

PEN-S/.

PHP-₱

PKR-₨

PLN-zł

QAR-ر.ق

RON-lei

RUB-₽

SAR-ر.س

SEK-kr

THB-฿

TRY-₺

TWD-NT$

UAH-₴

UGX-USh

VES-Bs

VND-₫

ZAR-R

Theme

English

USD

Theme

### About Us

  * [About](https://www.binance.com/en/about)
  * [Careers](https://www.binance.com/en/careers)
  * [Announcements](https://www.binance.com/en/support/announcement)
  * [News](https://www.binance.com/en/square/news/all)
  * [Press](https://www.binance.com/en/press)
  * [Legal](https://www.binance.com/en/legal/home)
  * [Terms](https://www.binance.com/en/terms)
  * [Privacy](https://www.binance.com/en/about-legal/privacy-portal)
  * [Building Trust](https://www.binance.com/en/land/building_trust)
  * [Blog](https://www.binance.com/en/blog)
  * [Community](https://www.binance.com/en/community)
  * [Sitemap](https://www.binance.com/en/country-region-selector)
  * [Risk Warning](https://www.binance.com/en/risk-warning)
  * [Notices](https://www.binance.com/en/support/list/notices)
  * [Downloads](https://www.binance.com/en/download)
  * [Desktop Application](https://www.binance.com/en/desktop-download)

### Products

  * [Exchange](https://www.binance.com/en/trade)
  * [Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/buy-sell-crypto)
  * [Leveraged Tokens](https://www.binance.com/en/leveraged-tokens/tokens/allTokens)
  * [TradingView](https://www.binance.com/en/land/tradingview)
  * [Pay](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/payment)
  * [Academy](https://academy.binance.com/en)
  * [Live](https://www.binance.com/en/live)
  * [Tax](https://www.binance.com/en/tax)
  * [Gift Card](https://www.binance.com/en/gift-card)
  * [Launchpad & Launchpool](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)
  * [Auto-Invest](https://www.binance.com/en/auto-invest)
  * [ETH Staking](https://www.binance.com/en/eth2)
  * [NFT](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/home)
  * [BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/bnb)
  * [BABT](https://www.binance.com/en/BABT?source=footer)
  * [Research](https://www.binance.com/en/research)
  * [Charity](https://www.binance.charity)

### Business

  * [P2P Merchant Application](https://c2c.binance.com/en/merchantApplication)
  * [P2Pro Merchant Application](https://p2p.binance.com/en/p2pro)
  * [Listing Application](https://www.binance.com/en/my/coin-apply)
  * [Institutional & VIP Services](https://www.binance.com/en/vip-institutional-services)
  * [Labs](https://labs.binance.com/)

### Learn

  * [Learn & Earn](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn)
  * [Browse Crypto Prices](https://www.binance.com/en/price)
  * [Bitcoin Price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/bitcoin)
  * [Ethereum Price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/ethereum)
  * [Browse Crypto Price Predictions](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction)
  * [Bitcoin Price Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction/bitcoin)
  * [Ethereum Price Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction/ethereum)
  * [Buy Bitcoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bitcoin)
  * [Buy BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bnb)
  * [Buy Ripple](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/xrp)
  * [Buy Dogecoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/dogecoin)
  * [Buy Ethereum](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/ethereum)
  * [Buy Tradable Altcoins](https://www.binance.com/en/altcoins/tradable)

### Service

  * [Affiliate](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/affiliate)
  * [Referral](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/referral?utm_source=Lite_web_footer)
  * [OTC Trading](https://www.binance.com/en/otc)
  * [Historical Market Data](https://www.binance.com/en/landing/data)
  * [Proof of Reserves](https://www.binance.com/en/proof-of-reserves)

### Support

  * [24/7 Chat Support](https://www.binance.com/en/chat?sourceEntry=4)
  * [Support Center](https://www.binance.com/en/support)
  * [Product Feedback & Suggestions](https://www.binance.com/en/my/user-support/feedback/entry)
  * [Fees](https://www.binance.com/en/fee/schedule)
  * [APIs](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-api)
  * [Binance Verify](https://www.binance.com/en/official-verification)
  * [Trading Rules](https://www.binance.com/en/trade-rule)
  * [Binance Airdrop Portal](https://www.binance.com/en/airdrop)
  * [Law Enforcement Requests](https://www.binance.com/en/support/law-enforcement)

Binance© 2024Cookie Preferences

![Company Logo](https://cdn.cookielaw.org/logos/99f99939-5a0d-4feb-
aef3-ba45f16b6907/5bfb9945-c83c-46f9-8bd7-55e8fd1975b5/02e50907-93f6-477d-a8a2-d581dace49c2/binance-h.png)

## Privacy Preference Center

When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your
browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you,
your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as
you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but
it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your
right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on
the different category headings to find out more and change our default
settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience
of the site and the services we are able to offer.  
[Cookie Policy](https://www.binance.com/en/cookie-privacy)

Allow All

###  Manage Consent Preferences

#### Strictly Necessary Cookies

Always Active

These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched
off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by
you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy
preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block
or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then
work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.

Cookies Details‎

#### Functional Cookies

Functional Cookies

These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and
personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose
services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then
some or all of these services may not function properly.

Cookies Details‎

#### Targeting Cookies

Targeting Cookies

Targeting cookies may be set through our site by ourselves and our advertising
partners. First parties and third parties will use them to build a profile of
your interests based on the browsing information they collect from you, which
includes uniquely identifying your browser and terminal equipment. If you do
not allow these cookies you will still see basic advertising on your browser
that is generic and not based on your interests

Cookies Details‎

#### Performance Cookies

Performance Cookies

These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure
and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are
the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All
information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If
you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our
site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.

Cookies Details‎

Back Button

### Cookie List

Search Icon

Filter Icon

Clear

checkbox label label

Apply Cancel

Consent Leg.Interest

checkbox label label

checkbox label label

checkbox label label

Reject All Confirm My Choices

[![Powered by
Onetrust](https://cdn.cookielaw.org/logos/static/powered_by_logo.svg)](https://www.onetrust.com/products/cookie-
consent/)

