SAMOYEDCOIN

![Website logo](/img/favicon.webp)

![Website logo](/img/favicon.webp)

  * Home

  * About Us

  * Buy $Samo

  * Tokenomics

  * Roadmap

  * Samo Swap

  * Lend Nft

  * [All Links](https://linktr.ee/samoyedcoin)

Socials

[](https://twitter.com/samoyedcoin "Go to https://twitter.com/samoyedcoin")
[](https://www.coingecko.com/en/coins/samoyedcoin "Go to
https://www.coingecko.com/en/coins/samoyedcoin")
[](https://discord.gg/samoyedcoin "Go to https://discord.gg/samoyedcoin")

#

SAMO SWAP

SAMO SWAP SAMO SWAP SAMO SWAP

#

NFT LENDING

NFT LENDING NFT LENDING NFT LENDING

![SAMO Dog picture](img/samodog_des.webp)

# Solana's  
FIRST  
Memecoin!

Join us and let us be your guide in the crypto world!

The very FIRST memecoin and dog money on the Solana blockchain.

How to buy whitepaper

#

About us

About us About us About us

## The Samoyedcoin Project

Amid the rise of âmemecoinsâ and Solana in 2021, Samoyedcoin (SAMO) was
born to promote, educate and support the Solana ecosystem. Seeing the
potential of online communities, the advantages of Solana, and the influence
dog coins have in onboarding new market participants, marketing their
underlying blockchain, and infiltrating modern-day culture, SAMO also evolved
into an experimental _Web 3.0 community coin._

SAMO is an emerging digital asset that backs a community concentrated on
onboarding Solana users, educating market participants, making personal
connections, and helping each other navigate life. While weâre the [fastest,
most efficient, and most eco-friendly dog
money](https://dogcoincomparison.com/ "Go to https://dogcoincomparison.com/")
in all of crypto, we aspire to be MORE than that; we aspire to be Solanaâs
Ambassador.

_**Our Vision** : Accelerate the adoption, development, and growth of the
Solana ecosystem._

_**Our Mission** : Establish Samoyedcoin as Solanaâs ambassador by pushing
the limits of whatâs possible for a Web 3.0 community._

_**Our Strategy** : Provide market participants with the knowledge, resources,
and community to better navigate Solana, crypto, and life._

![SAMO Project picture](img/samo_project_des.webp)

#

Buy $SAMO

Buy $SAMO Buy $SAMO Buy $SAMO

![SAMO Card picture](img/samo_card_des.webp)

## How To Buy $SAMO?

The easiest way to join the Samo Famo is to get your paws on some $SAMO!

You can purchase $SAMO via a centralized exchange (CEX) or a decentralized
exchange (DEX), such as [Orca](https://www.orca.so/ "Go to
https://www.orca.so/") or [Jupiter](https://jup.ag/swap/USDC-SAMO "Go to
https://jup.ag/swap/USDC-SAMO").

## Centralized Exchanges

[ ![MEXC Logo](img/exchanges/mexc2.webp)](https://www.mexc.com/price/SAMO "Go
to https://www.mexc.com/price/SAMO") [ ![GEMINI
Logo](img/exchanges/gmini.webp)](https://www.gemini.com/prices/samoyedcoin "Go
to https://www.gemini.com/prices/samoyedcoin") [ ![Gate.io
Logo](img/exchanges/gateio.webp)](https://www.gate.io/trade/SAMO_USDT "Go to
https://www.gate.io/trade/SAMO_USDT") [ ![POLONIEX
Logo](img/exchanges/polo.webp)](https://poloniex.com/trade/SAMO_USDT?type=spot
"Go to https://poloniex.com/trade/SAMO_USDT?type=spot") [ ![CUBE
Logo](img/exchanges/cube.webp)](https://www.cube.exchange/trade/SAMOUSDC "Go
to https://www.cube.exchange/trade/SAMOUSDC") [ ![Bitget
Logo](img/exchanges/bitget.webp)](https://www.bitget.com/price/samoyedcoin "Go
to https://www.bitget.com/price/samoyedcoin") [ ![Latoken
Logo](img/exchanges/latoken.webp)](https://latoken.com/exchange/SAMO%5C_USDT
"Go to https://latoken.com/exchange/SAMO%5C_USDT") [ ![
Logo](img/exchanges/bingx.webp)](https://bingx.com/en-us/prices/samoyedcoin/
"Go to https://bingx.com/en-us/prices/samoyedcoin/")

[ ![Kraken
Logo](img/exchanges/kraken.webp)](https://www.kraken.com/prices/samoyedcoin
"Go to https://www.kraken.com/prices/samoyedcoin") [ ![OKX
Logo](img/exchanges/okx.webp)](https://www.okx.com/price/samoyedcoin-samo "Go
to https://www.okx.com/price/samoyedcoin-samo")

## How To Buy NFTs?

Samoyedcoinâs genesis collection of randomly generated, custom-designed NFTs
can be purchased on major NFT marketplaces, such as
[Tensor](https://www.tensor.trade/trade/samo_nft "Go to
https://www.tensor.trade/trade/samo_nft"),
[OpenSea](https://opensea.io/collection/samoyed-coin "Go to
https://opensea.io/collection/samoyed-coin"), [Magic
Eden](https://magiceden.io/marketplace/samo_nft "Go to
https://magiceden.io/marketplace/samo_nft") &
[Solanart](https://solanart.io/collections/samonft "Go to
https://solanart.io/collections/samonft").

#

Tokenomics

Tokenomics Tokenomics Tokenomics

## Additional Details

In April 2021, SAMO was created with a max supply of 14 billion SAMO. After
all burns were completed in 2022, SAMOâs max supply fell to 4.746 billion

SAMO will have a max circulating supply of 4.746 billion SAMO. No more SAMO
will ever be created.

![SAMO Graph picture](img/graph_des.webp)

## SAMO Wins

  * Launched in April 2021 as the first Solana memecoin
  * 1 million $SAMO was airdropped to 2,000 early community members
  * Samoyedcoin featured at Solana Breakpoint in Lisbon
  * 54% of SAMOâs total supply was burned
  * Secured 11 centralized exchange listings alongside all major DEXs on Solana
  * SAMO holders surpassed 50K

  * SAMO NFTs were launched
  * Sponsored 4 Solana Hacker Houses, Breakpoint, and major crypto conferences
  * Published Samoyedcoin Whitepawper
  * $SAMO listed on prominent exchanges like Kraken & Gemini
  * Partnered with key ecosystem partners, like Phantom, Orca, Solend, & Step Finance
  * SamoDAO was born and funded with 100M SAMO
  * SAMO added to The Giving Block, allowing 2K nonprofits to accept SAMO donations
  * SAMO holders surpassed 80K

  * SAMO was listed on 5 centralized exchanges and 3 DeFi protocols, including MarginFi, Mango Markets, and Symmetry
  * Launched the Samoyedcoin [Dune Dashboard](https://dune.com/ennnas/samoyedcoin "Go to https://dune.com/ennnas/samoyedcoin")
  * Partnered with Solana Pay to expand $SAMO outreach at Hacker Houses
  * SAMO was integrated into Tiplink & Elusiv protocols
  * Partnered with PYTH allowing other chains to pull the $SAMO price feed
  * Launched multi-chain support for SAMO via the Samo Swap
  * Partnered with AllDomains to launch .Samo Solana Domains
  * SAMO holders surpassed 100K
  * Launched Saga Tools and airdropped $SAMO to Saga Genesis Holders
  * Announced the coming Samoyedcoin Mastercard

#

Roadmap

Roadmap Roadmap Roadmap

![Wavy background](img/svg/wave_roadmap.svg) ![Wavy
background](img/svg/wave_roadmap_back.svg) ![Wavy
background](img/svg/wave_roadmap.svg)

![SAMO Rocket picture](img/samo_rocket_des.webp)

![](img/svg/year_block.svg)

## The Year Of SAMO

After launching nearly 3 years ago and surviving one of crypto's most intense
bear markets, SAMO is poised for what many expect to be an explosive year in
crypto. With strategic initiatives underway and a suite of groundbreaking
releases set to launch, 2024 will undoubtedly go down as The Year of SAMO.

### 2024 Focuses

  * Mass marketing campaigns to drive $SAMO awareness
  * New ways to spend $SAMO in real life
  * Centralized Exchange listings
  * DeFi and dApp integrations + tools
  * Ecosystem collaborations & partnerships
  * SAMO NFT V2 released
  * Phase 2...

## SAMO Hall Of Memes

  * ![img/memes/samo31.webp](img/memes/samo31.webp)

  * ![img/memes/samo37.gif](img/memes/samo37.gif)

  * ![img/memes/samo36.webp](img/memes/samo36.webp)

  * ![img/memes/samo35s.gif](img/memes/samo35s.gif)

  * ![img/memes/samo35.webp](img/memes/samo35.webp)

  * ![img/memes/samo34.gif](img/memes/samo34.gif)

  * ![img/memes/samo33.gif](img/memes/samo33.gif)

  * ![img/memes/samo32.webp](img/memes/samo32.webp)

  * ![img/memes/samo3.webp](img/memes/samo3.webp)

  * ![img/memes/samo4.webp](img/memes/samo4.webp)

  * ![img/memes/samo5s.gif](img/memes/samo5s.gif)

  * ![img/memes/samo6.webp](img/memes/samo6.webp)

  * ![img/memes/samo7.webp](img/memes/samo7.webp)

  * ![img/memes/samo8.webp](img/memes/samo8.webp)

  * ![img/memes/samo9s.gif](img/memes/samo9s.gif)

  * ![img/memes/samo10.webp](img/memes/samo10.webp)

  * ![img/memes/samo11.webp](img/memes/samo11.webp)

  * ![img/memes/samo12.webp](img/memes/samo12.webp)

  * ![img/memes/samo13s.gif](img/memes/samo13s.gif)

  * ![img/memes/samo14.webp](img/memes/samo14.webp)

  * ![img/memes/samo15.webp](img/memes/samo15.webp)

  * ![img/memes/samo16.webp](img/memes/samo16.webp)

  * ![img/memes/samo17.webp](img/memes/samo17.webp)

  * ![img/memes/samo18.webp](img/memes/samo18.webp)

  * ![img/memes/samo19.webp](img/memes/samo19.webp)

  * ![img/memes/samo20.webp](img/memes/samo20.webp)

  * ![img/memes/samo21.webp](img/memes/samo21.webp)

  * ![img/memes/samo30.webp](img/memes/samo30.webp)

  * ![img/memes/samo29.webp](img/memes/samo29.webp)

  * ![img/memes/samo28s.gif](img/memes/samo28s.gif)

  * ![img/memes/samo27.gif](img/memes/samo27.gif)

  * ![img/memes/samo26s.gif](img/memes/samo26s.gif)

  * ![img/memes/samo25.webp](img/memes/samo25.webp)

  * ![img/memes/samo24.webp](img/memes/samo24.webp)

  * ![img/memes/samo23.webp](img/memes/samo23.webp)

  * ![img/memes/samo22.webp](img/memes/samo22.webp)

  * ![img/memes/samo31.webp](img/memes/samo31.webp)

  * ![img/memes/samo37.gif](img/memes/samo37.gif)

  * ![img/memes/samo36.webp](img/memes/samo36.webp)

  * ![img/memes/samo35s.gif](img/memes/samo35s.gif)

  * ![img/memes/samo35.webp](img/memes/samo35.webp)

  * ![img/memes/samo34.gif](img/memes/samo34.gif)

  * ![img/memes/samo33.gif](img/memes/samo33.gif)

  * ![img/memes/samo32.webp](img/memes/samo32.webp)

  * ![img/memes/samo3.webp](img/memes/samo3.webp)

  * ![img/memes/samo4.webp](img/memes/samo4.webp)

  * ![img/memes/samo5s.gif](img/memes/samo5s.gif)

  * ![img/memes/samo6.webp](img/memes/samo6.webp)

  * ![img/memes/samo7.webp](img/memes/samo7.webp)

  * ![img/memes/samo8.webp](img/memes/samo8.webp)

  * ![img/memes/samo9s.gif](img/memes/samo9s.gif)

  * ![img/memes/samo10.webp](img/memes/samo10.webp)

![Left Arrow](img/svg/arrow_slider.svg)

![right Arrow](img/svg/arrow_slider.svg)

  *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   * 

## Frequently Asked Questions

When was Samoyedcoin ($SAMO) founded?

![toggle arrow](img/svg/faq_item_arrow.svg) ![toggle
arrow](img/svg/faq_item_arrow.svg) ![toggle arrow](img/svg/faq_item_arrow.svg)

Samoyedcoin's origins date back to April 2021, when SAMO's founders first
became immersed in the Solana ecosystem amid the rise of several notable DeFi
projects. After falling in love with Solana, the team identified an
opportunity to add a little "fun" to the ecosystem, which led to the birth of
SAMO.

Though initially launched as a meme coin, SAMO has evolved into an
experimental community coin that backs a community of market participants
focused on better navigating the crypto ecosystem, helping educate and onboard
new users, and making meaningful life-long connections along the way. Seeing
the impact global communities had in 2021 (such as Reddit's notorious
r/WallStBets subreddit), SAMO has identified an opportunity to bring together
like-minded crypto enthusiasts to leave our mark in crypto and on the world.

What makes SAMO different from the rest?

![toggle arrow](img/svg/faq_item_arrow.svg) ![toggle
arrow](img/svg/faq_item_arrow.svg) ![toggle arrow](img/svg/faq_item_arrow.svg)

Thanks to the technological advantages of Solana, SAMO is more efficient, eco-
friendly, and scarce than other "dog coins," such as Dogecoin (DOGE) and Shiba
Inu (SHIB). While we take great pride in being the best form of dog money in
the game, we aspire to be more than that. We aspire to be an onboarding and
marketing tool for the Solana ecosystem, in addition to a global community
where anyone can join to learn more about the Solana ecosystem and traverse it
together.

Unlike our peers, the SAMO community (dubbed "The Samo Famo") believes that
fostering a no-shill, non-contentious, transparent, free-spirited culture is
the best path forward. Unfortunately, most meme coins and community coins are
founded on disingenuous practices today. Many use deceptive tokenomics, pursue
aggressive marketing campaigns purely for price appreciation, urge their
members to aggressively self-promote their coin, and even use automated
technologies (also known as "bots) to spread awareness via social media.
Seeing that these strategies are likely to yield an unstable and inauthentic
community, SAMO intentionally zigs when others zag.

Why the Solana blockchain?

![toggle arrow](img/svg/faq_item_arrow.svg) ![toggle
arrow](img/svg/faq_item_arrow.svg) ![toggle arrow](img/svg/faq_item_arrow.svg)

SAMO chose to build on Solana not only because of the opportunity to add some
good ol' fashion memeing fun, but also because of Solana's technological
advantages. As it stands today, transactions on Solana take less than a second
to complete, cost a fraction of a penny to send ($0.00025), and use as much
energy as a Google search. Needless to say, Solana is the most efficient and
eco-friendly blockchain around.

What can I do with $SAMO and a SAMO NFT?

![toggle arrow](img/svg/faq_item_arrow.svg) ![toggle
arrow](img/svg/faq_item_arrow.svg) ![toggle arrow](img/svg/faq_item_arrow.svg)

$SAMO and SAMO NFT owners can get exclusive access to VIP channels and events
in our Discord. Holders of both can also gain access to SamoDAO.

Not only can you use $SAMO to make donations via
[TheGivingBlock.com](https://thegivingblock.com/ "Go to
https://thegivingblock.com/"), make private transactions with
[Elusiv.io](https://www.elusiv.io/ "Go to https://www.elusiv.io/"), or make
online purchases through [Shopping.io](https://www.shopping.io/ "Go to
https://www.shopping.io/"), but $SAMO can also be used across various DeFi
platforms - including [Orca](https://www.orca.so/ "Go to
https://www.orca.so/"), [Raydium](https://raydium.io/ "Go to
https://raydium.io/"), [Kamino](https://app.kamino.finance/ "Go to
https://app.kamino.finance/"), [Margin.fi](https://www.marginfi.com/ "Go to
https://www.marginfi.com/"), [Solend](https://solend.fi/ "Go to
https://solend.fi/"), [Tulip](https://tulip.garden/ "Go to
https://tulip.garden/"), and others. Soon, $SAMO holders will also be able to
make real life purchases with a Samoyedcoin branded and funded Mastercard!

Lastly, SAMO NFTs provide yet another way for community members to tie their
online identity with the Samo Famo so they can show the world that they're
part of our community. With the release of SAMO NFTs V2, owners will be able
to customize their NFTs with exclusive and rare traits - in addition to
upgrading their existing NFTs to the new and improved art.

What is SAMOâs vision, mission, and strategy?

![toggle arrow](img/svg/faq_item_arrow.svg) ![toggle
arrow](img/svg/faq_item_arrow.svg) ![toggle arrow](img/svg/faq_item_arrow.svg)

**The SAMO Vision** : Accelerate the adoption, development, and growth of the
Solana ecosystem.

**The SAMO Strategy** : Provide market participants with the knowledge,
resources, and community to better navigate Solana, crypto, and life.

**The SAMO Mission** : Establish Samoyedcoin as Solanaâs ambassador by
pushing the limits of what's possible for a Web 3.0 community.

Why a samoyed breed?

![toggle arrow](img/svg/faq_item_arrow.svg) ![toggle
arrow](img/svg/faq_item_arrow.svg) ![toggle arrow](img/svg/faq_item_arrow.svg)

The Samoyed breed is an easily identifiable dog and is beloved for its fluffy
white coat and friendly demeanor. Little do people know, the Samoyed is one of
the "14 ancient breeds" with a genetic make-up that is similar to wolves yet
is widely known for being among the most social, loyal, intelligent, gentle,
family-oriented, and vocal breeds in existence.

Above all else, it's the Samoyed's vibrant physical features, personality, and
working-class identity that makes it the perfect breed to market and support
the emerging Solana ecosystem while also bringing an element of "fun" to an
industry that is known for being difficult and stressful to navigate.

#

community

community community community

The purpose of Samoyedcoin is simple: bring as many people into the Solana
ecosystem and help them better understand how to navigate it all. To make that
happen, we continue to partner with various ecosystem projects so we can do
our part in keeping SAMO as the best onboarder to the Solana community.

## Partners & Integrations

[ ![betdex.com picture](img/partners/betdex_des.webp) Go to
betdex.com](https://www.betdex.com/) [ ![step.finance
picture](img/partners/step_des.webp) Go to
step.finance](https://www.step.finance/) [ ![rain.fi
picture](img/partners/rainfi_des.webp) Go to rain.fi](https://rain.fi/) [
![sharky.fi picture](img/partners/sharkyfi_des.webp) Go to
sharky.fi](https://sharky.fi/) [ ![solend.fi
picture](img/partners/solend_des.webp) Go to solend.fi](https://solend.fi/) [
![marginfi.com picture](img/partners/marginfi_des.webp) Go to
marginfi.com](https://www.marginfi.com/) [ ![raydium.io
picture](img/partners/raydium_des.webp) Go to raydium.io](https://raydium.io/)
[ ![elusiv.io picture](img/partners/elusiv_des.webp) Go to
elusiv.io](https://www.elusiv.io/) [ ![banx.gg
picture](img/partners/frakt_des.webp) Go to banx.gg](https://banx.gg/) [
![thegivingblock.com picture](img/partners/tgb_des.webp) Go to
thegivingblock.com](https://thegivingblock.com/) [ ![kamino.finance
picture](img/partners/kamino_des.webp) Go to
kamino.finance](https://app.kamino.finance/) [ ![jup.ag
picture](img/partners/jupiter_des.webp) Go to jup.ag](https://jup.ag/) [
![orca.so picture](img/partners/orca_des.webp) Go to
orca.so](https://www.orca.so/) [ ![tiplink.io
picture](img/partners/tiplink_des.webp) Go to tiplink.io](https://tiplink.io/)

SAMO is an emerging digital asset that backs a community concentrated on
onboarding Solana users, educating market participants, making personal
connections, and helping each other navigate life.

![Website logo](/img/favicon.webp)

While weâre the fastest, most efficient, and most eco-friendly dog coin in
the game, we aspire to be MORE than just that; we aspire to be Solanaâs
Ambassador.

### Join Us

[](https://twitter.com/samoyedcoin "Go to https://twitter.com/samoyedcoin")
[](http://t.me/samoyedcoin "Go to http://t.me/samoyedcoin")
[](https://discord.gg/samoyedcoin "Go to https://discord.gg/samoyedcoin")
[](https://medium.com/@officialsamoyedcoin "Go to
https://medium.com/@officialsamoyedcoin")
[](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCYo0YR51vsWQ4hgtcRClauQ "Go to
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCYo0YR51vsWQ4hgtcRClauQ")
[](https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/samoyedcoin/ "Go to
https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/samoyedcoin/")
[](https://www.reddit.com/r/SamoyedCoin/ "Go to
https://www.reddit.com/r/SamoyedCoin/")
[](https://www.instagram.com/officialsamoyedcoin/ "Go to
https://www.instagram.com/officialsamoyedcoin/")

SAMOYEDCOIN Â© 2024

