  * **Wallet**[**Mobile App** The world of Web3 in your pocket](/download)[**Browser Extension** An optimized Web3 experience for desktop](/browser-extension)
  * **Features**[**Swaps** Swap securely and seamlessly](/swap)[**Staking** Earn crypto rewards while securing networks](/staking)[**NFTs** Explore the world of NFTs](/nft)[**Security** Learn how we keep your assets & Web3 journey safe](/security)[**Buy Crypto** Buy crypto in under five minutes](/buy-crypto)[**SWIFT: Smart Contract Wallet** Explore Web3 easily with account abstraction features](/swift)
  * **Build**[**Developer Docs** Get guides for building powerful Web3 applications](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/)[**Wallet Core** Open-source, mobile-focused crypto wallet library](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/wallet-core)[**Submit dApp** Get your dApp in front of millions](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-dapps)[**Get assets listed** Elevate your asset’s exposure](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-assets)
  * **Support**[**FAQ** Get answers to your most pressing questions](https://community.trustwallet.com/c/helpcenter/8)[**Community Forum** Connect with our vibrant and diverse community](https://community.trustwallet.com/)[**Contact Us** Reach out for personalized support](https://support.trustwallet.com/en/support/home)
  * **About**[**About Us** Discover who we are and what drives us](/about-us)[**Careers** Join us in shaping the future of Web3](/careers)[**Press Kit** Download our official logo and other media assets](/press)[**Blog** Stay up-to-date on Web3 trends and insights](/blog)[**Terms of Service** What you need to know to use our services](/terms-of-service)[**Privacy Policy** Your privacy matters, learn how we protect it](/privacy-policy)

DarkLightLanguage

[Download Trust Wallet](/download)

[](/)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.4edbb099.svg)[**Mobile App** The world
of Web3 in your pocket](/download)[**Browser Extension** An optimized Web3
experience for desktop](/browser-extension)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.e7c57d68.svg)[**Swaps** Swap securely
and seamlessly](/swap)[**Staking** Earn crypto rewards while securing
networks](/staking)[**NFTs** Explore the world of NFTs](/nft)[**Security**
Learn how we keep your assets & Web3 journey safe](/security)[**Buy Crypto**
Buy crypto in under five minutes](/buy-crypto)[**SWIFT: Smart Contract
Wallet** Explore Web3 easily with account abstraction features](/swift)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.b373ab3f.svg)[**Developer Docs** Get
guides for building powerful Web3
applications](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/)[**Wallet Core**
Open-source, mobile-focused crypto wallet
library](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/wallet-core)[**Submit
dApp** Get your dApp in front of
millions](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-dapps)[**Get
assets listed** Elevate your asset’s
exposure](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-assets)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.1211abf0.svg)[**FAQ** Get answers to
your most pressing
questions](https://community.trustwallet.com/c/helpcenter/8)[**Community
Forum** Connect with our vibrant and diverse
community](https://community.trustwallet.com/)[**Contact Us** Reach out for
personalized support](https://support.trustwallet.com/en/support/home)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.9a6dd06f.svg)[**About Us** Discover who
we are and what drives us](/about-us)[**Careers** Join us in shaping the
future of Web3](/careers)[**Press Kit** Download our official logo and other
media assets](/press)[**Blog** Stay up-to-date on Web3 trends and
insights](/blog)[**Terms of Service** What you need to know to use our
services](/terms-of-service)[**Privacy Policy** Your privacy matters, learn
how we protect it](/privacy-policy)

[](/)

WalletFeaturesBuildSupportAbout

Language

[Download](/download)

[Home](/)  >  [Blog](/blog)  >
[Cryptocurrency](/blog?category=Cryptocurrency)  >  [How to Migrate Your BEP2
Assets to BEP20](/blog/how-to-migrate-bep2-assets-to-bep20)

##### Cryptocurrency

# How to Migrate Your BEP2 Assets to BEP20

Published on: Apr 29, 2024Updated on: May 21, 2024

##### Share post

[](https://facebook.com/trustwalletapp)[](https://github.com/trustwallet)[](https://instagram.com/trustwallet)[](https://twitter.com/trustwallet)[](https://discord.gg/trustwallet)[](https://reddit.com/r/trustapp)[](https://t.me/trustwallet)

  * **Before you begin migration, important note on transaction (gas) fees**
  * **How to migrate your assets using the Trust Wallet mobile app**
  * **How to migrate your assets using the Trust Wallet browser extension**

##### In Brief

Discover how to migrate your BNB Beacon Chain (BEP2) assets to BNB Smart Chain
(BEP20) easily using Trust Wallet.

![How to Migrate Your BEP2 Assets to
BEP20](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fbep20_migration_sunset_4fa8300e92.png&w=3840&q=75)

As [announced](https://www.bnbchain.org/en/blog/navigating-the-bnb-beacon-
chain-fusion-roadmap-six-month-plan) by the BNB Chain team, BNB Beacon Chain
(BEP2) will be deactivated (sunset) in the coming months. To avoid asset loss,
users who hold assets on the BNB Beacon Chain using Trust Wallet are
encouraged to migrate those assets over to the BNB Smart Chain (BEP20).

This guide will show you how to migrate your assets on the BNB Beacon Chain
over to the BNB Smart Chain, using Trust Wallet.

### Key Takeaways:

Trust Wallet users who hold assets on the BNB Beacon Chain (BEP2) are
encouraged to migrate those assets to the BNB Smart Chain (BEP20), to ensure
the safety of their funds.

Users can use either the Trust Wallet mobile app or browser extension to
migrate their assets. Trust Wallet will continue to update users as the BNB
Chain team carries out the sunsetting process.

Before you continue, ensure you have the most updated version of Trust Wallet,
to ensure you can migrate your assets. [![Download-Trust-Wallet-
Button.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2FDownload_Trust_Wallet_Button_3b2b015a21.png&w=3840&q=75)](https://short.trustwallet.com/TW-
SEOblog)

## Before you begin migration, important note on transaction (gas) fees

Please note that migrating your BEP2 assets to BEP20 **requires BNB on the
Beacon Chain (BEP2) to cover any transaction (gas) fees** _Underline_. Without
BNB on BEP2 to cover transaction fees, swapping assets from BEP2 to BEP20 will
not work. In the event that you do not have BNB on BEP2 you can purchase it
within Trust Wallet via our trusted partners.

**Here’s how:**

  * **Using the mobile app:** Select “Buy” → Locate and select BNB (choose the _yellow BNB icon_**Bold** , which is BEP2) → Choose your preferred currency, amount, and payment provider → Select the buy button and complete the transaction steps.

  * **Using the browser extension:** Select “Buy & Sell” → Choose your preferred currency → Locate and select BNB → Select preferred payment provider and complete the transaction steps.

![buy-BNB-using-trust-wallet.gif](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fimage3_adcc0101ff.gif&w=3840&q=75)

## How to migrate your assets using the Trust Wallet mobile app

**Please note:** _You'll need BNB on BEP2 for any transaction (gas) fees
associated with migrating your tokens. Therefore, if you have multiple assets
to migrate outside of BNB, we suggest that you migrate BNB last to ensure you
can cover any transaction fees._

  * Open the Trust Wallet mobile app and select the BEP2 asset to migrate.

  * Select “Swap” on the asset’s details page.

  * Select “Swap to BNB Smart Chain”.

![bep20-migration-sunset-3.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fbep20_migration_sunset_3_a50719c029.png&w=3840&q=75)

  * Choose the maximum amount to swap by selecting “Max”, then select “Continue”.

  * Review the details and then select “Confirm”.

![bep20-migration-sunset-2.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fbep20_migration_sunset_2_097d2563da.png&w=3840&q=75)

And that’s it. You’ve migrated your BNB Beacon Chain (BEP2) asset over to the
BNB Smart Chain (BEP20), using the Trust Wallet mobile app.

**Important note:** If you have any remaining assets on the BNB Beacon Chain,
repeat the steps above for each one.

## How to migrate your assets using the Trust Wallet browser extension

**Please note:** _You'll need BNB on BEP2 for any transaction (gas) fees
associated with migrating your tokens. Therefore, if you have multiple assets
to migrate outside of BNB, we suggest that you migrate BNB last to ensure you
can cover any transaction fees._

  * Open the Trust Wallet browser extension and select the BEP2 asset to migrate.

  * Select “Migrate” on the asset’s details page, then select the “Migrate” again on the pop-up dialog.

  * Review the details and then select “Confirm”.

![bep20-migration-sunset-1.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fbep20_migration_sunset_1_f2e0b50ca4.png&w=3840&q=75)

And that’s it. You’ve migrated your BNB Beacon Chain (BEP2) asset over to the
BNB Smart Chain (BEP20), using the Trust Wallet browser extension.

**Important note:** If you have any remaining assets on the BNB Beacon Chain,
repeat the steps above for each one.

For further information on the sunset plans for BNB Beacon Chain, be sure to
check out the [official communications from the BNB Chain
team](https://www.bnbchain.org/en/blog/bep2-bep8-asset-sunset-announcement).

[![Download-Trust-Wallet-Button.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2FDownload_Trust_Wallet_Button_3b2b015a21.png&w=3840&q=75)](https://short.trustwallet.com/TW-
SEOblog)

Join the Trust Wallet community on [Telegram](https://rebrand.ly/TW-Telegram-
Announcements) Follow us on [X (formerly Twitter)](https://rebrand.ly/TW-
Twitter-Blog) [Instagram](https://rebrand.ly/TW-Insta-Blog)
[Facebook](https://rebrand.ly/TW-FB-Blog) [Reddit](https://rebrand.ly/TW-
Reddit-Blog) [Warpcast](https://warpcast.com/trustwalletapp)

> **Note:** Any cited numbers, figures, or illustrations are reported at the
> time of writing, and are subject to change.

#### Simple and convenient to use, seamless to explore

[Download Trust Wallet](/download)

##### Stay Connected:

[](https://facebook.com/trustwalletapp)[](https://github.com/trustwallet)[](https://instagram.com/trustwallet)[](https://twitter.com/trustwallet)[](https://discord.gg/trustwallet)[](https://reddit.com/r/trustapp)[](https://t.me/trustwallet)

  * **Wallet**[Mobile App](/download)[Browser Extension](/browser-extension)
  * **Features**[Buy Crypto](/buy-crypto)[Swaps](/swap)[Staking](/staking)[NFTs](/nft)[Security](/security)[SWIFT: Smart Contract Wallet](/swift)
  * **Build**[Developer Docs](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/)[Wallet Core](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/wallet-core)[Submit dApp](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-dapps)[Get assets listed](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-assets)
  * **Support**[FAQ](https://community.trustwallet.com/c/helpcenter/8)[Community Forum](https://community.trustwallet.com/)[Contact Us](https://support.trustwallet.com/en/support/home)
  * **About**[About Us](/about-us)[Careers](/careers)[Press Kit](/press)[Terms of Service](/terms-of-service)[Privacy Policy](/privacy-policy)[Blog](/blog)
  * ![A-LIGN ISO 27701](/_next/static/media/image.8354ab2c.svg)![A-LIGN ISO 27001](/_next/static/media/image.7f0b3bc9.svg)

**Download Trust Wallet**

[Download for iOS](https://apps.apple.com/app/apple-
store/id1288339409?mt=8)[Download
Extension![Chrome](/_next/static/media/raw.7dd85797.svg)](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/trust-
wallet/egjidjbpglichdcondbcbdnbeeppgdph)[Download APK](/download/apk)[Download
for Android![App
Store](/_next/image?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Fimage.5ee64b2e.png&w=256&q=75)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.wallet.crypto.trustapp)

