[![Jet](assets/images/Jetwhitelogo.png)](index.html)

Products

[Docs](https://docs.jetprotocol.io/jet-protocol/)
[Github](https://github.com/jet-lab/) [Bug
Bounty](https://immunefi.com/bounty/jetprotocol/)

Community

[Forum](https://forum.jetprotocol.io/)
[Governance](https://govern.jetassociation.org/)

Resources

[Blog](blog.html) [Litepaper](documents/litepaper-v0.0.1.pdf)
[Jobs](https://www.jetprotocol.io/jobs)

[Products](products.html) [DAO](dao.html) [Build](build.html)
[Docs](http://docs.jetprotocol.io/)

[Launch App](http://app.jetprotocol.io)

[Products](products.html) [DAO](dao.html) [Build](build.html)
[Docs](http://docs.jetprotocol.io/)

[Launch App](https://app.jetprotocol.io/)

# Borrow

# Lend

# Swap

# Vote

on the Solana blockchain.

[How it works](assets/videos/Jet Full Screen Cast.mp4) [Read the Docs
â](https://docs.jetprotocol.io/jet-protocol/)

![](assets/images/Bg.png)

Variable Rate Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet consectetur. Adipiscing mattis turpis
eros id lobortis porttitor.  ![](assets/images/diagramfrme.svg) Fixed Rate
Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet consectetur. Adipiscing mattis turpis eros id
lobortis porttitor.  ![](assets/images/diagramfrme.svg)

DeFi is Fixed

00

:

00

:

00

:

00

# Built for speed, power, and scalability.

Decentralized lending and borrowing built on the Solana blockchain.

![](assets/images/Account-Makeup-Icons.svg)

Fixed or Floating?

Take advantage of optionality between DeFi's first of its kind fixed rate
borrowing and lending with term structure, and variable pooled lending with
state-of-the-art interest rate curve design.  
  
Debt with fixed term structure has many advantages - borrow and lend with term
structure for the first time ever in DeFi.  
  
The Jet Fixed Rate application allows borrowers and lenders to submit both
maker and taker orders and negotiate rates in a central limit order book
(CLOB) with 1 and 30 day markets for USDC and SOL. _And more to come!_

![](assets/images/Account-Makeup-Icons.svg)

Trade While you Earn

Trade with up to 10x leverage and automatically route your long and short
trades through the most advantageous venue, including Orca, Saber, and
OpenBook.  
  
Jet's flexible margin accounts permit leverage trading, hedging, or delta
neutral strategy execution while borrowing and lending.  
  
Think of Jet's margin accounts as a sandboxed zone in which a user may deposit
collateral and use that collateral to earn further yield.

![](assets/images/Account-Makeup-Icons.svg)

Secure and Trusted - Audited by the Best

Leading auditor [Ottersec](https://osec.io/) has conducted thorough audits of
Jet programs to give users the safest experience possible.

[View Audit Reports](https://docs.jetprotocol.io/jet-protocol/audit-reports)

[ Fixed Rate ![](assets/images/Arrow-top-right.svg) A cutting-edge new DeFi
primitive that allows borrowers and lenders to negotiate rates through a
central limit order book and unlocks the power of term structure and the time
value of money on-chain.  ![](assets/images/Fixed-Term.png) ](about-fixed-
rate.html) [ Variable Rate ![](assets/images/Arrow-top-right.svg) Jet's
optimized design of the classic DeFi pooled lending model. Borrow and lend a
variety of assets while using them as collateral in a Jet margin account.
![](assets/images/Jet-Pool.png) ](about-variable-rate.html) Leverage Swaps
![](assets/images/Arrow-top-right.svg) Use collateral in a Jet margin account
to trade with up to 10x leverage longing or shorting tokens autorouted through
the ideal path on Orca, Saber, or Openbook.  Coming soon!
![](assets/images/Swaps-to-PS2x.png)

![](assets/images/leftblock.png)![](assets/images/middleblock.png)![](assets/images/rightblock.png)

# Investors who believe in us

![](assets/images/1_Paradigm.png)![](assets/images/5_Reciprocal_new.png)![](assets/images/2_MGNR.png)![](assets/images/3_SINO.png)![](assets/images/4_CMS.png)![](assets/images/6_Solana-
Ventures.png)![](assets/images/9_Parafi.png)![](assets/images/10_Robot.png)![](assets/images/12_Kenetic.png)![](assets/images/13_Stablenode.png)![](assets/images/14_GSR.png)![](assets/images/15_AscendEx.png)![](assets/images/16_Republic-
Capital.png)![](assets/images/UDHC.png)

# Governed by you

[ Governance Portal ![](assets/images/Arrow-top-right.svg) Vote on proposals
and make your voice heard by staking JET tokens.
](https://govern.jetassociation.org/#/) [ Forum ![](assets/images/Arrow-top-
right.svg) A community forum for discussing ideas, proposals, and initiatives
to further develop Jet Protocol.  ](https://forum.jetprotocol.io/)

# Follow along with us for updates.

Contact

[hello@jetprotocol.io](mailto:hello@jetprotocol.io?subject=Hey%20there!)

[![](assets/images/icon_Twitter.svg)](https://twitter.com/jetprotocol)
[![](assets/images/icon_Discord.svg)](https://discord.gg/RW2hsqwfej)
[![](assets/images/icon_Medium.svg)](https://medium.com/jetprotocol)

Developers

[Documentation](https://docs.jetprotocol.io/) [GitHub](https://github.com/jet-
lab/) [Bug Bounty](https://immunefi.com/bounty/jetprotocol/)

Community

[Forum](https://forum.jetprotocol.io/)
[Governance](https://govern.jetassociation.org/)

Resources

All rights reserved. Â© Jet Protocol 2022-2023

[Terms of Service](terms-of-service.html) [Privacy Policy](privacy-
policy.html)

[![Logo](https://substackcdn.com/image/fetch/w_170,c_limit,f_auto,q_auto:best,fl_progressive:steep/https%3A%2F%2Fsubstack-
post-
media.s3.amazonaws.com%2Fpublic%2Fimages%2Feb47e8a5-b15d-4007-a255-2af64cf0201f_360x360.png)](https://jetprotocol.substack.com/)

# [The JetDAO Newsletter](https://jetprotocol.substack.com/)

Updates from the JetDAO community

By JetDAO

Â· Over 1,000 subscribers

Subscribe

Error

By subscribing you agree to [Substack's Terms of
Use](https://jetprotocol.substack.com/tos?utm_source=embed_publication), [our
Privacy
Policy](https://jetprotocol.substack.com/privacy?utm_source=embed_publication)
and [our Information collection
notice](https://substack.com/ccpa?utm_source=embed_publication#personal-data-
collected)

[![Substack](https://substackcdn.com/image/fetch/w_200,c_limit,f_auto,q_auto:good,fl_progressive:steep/https%3A%2F%2Fsubstack.com%2Fimg%2Fsubstack_wordmark.black.png)](https://substack.com/?utm_source=embed&utm_content=jetprotocol)

Share

Copy link

Facebook

Email

Note

Other

This site requires JavaScript to run correctly. Please [turn on
JavaScript](https://enable-javascript.com/) or unblock scripts

