Metaco.com will be sunset as of June 7, 2024

[Learn more](https://ripple.com/solutions/digital-asset-custody/ "Learn more")

Skip to main content

[![Metaco](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/logo.svg?x88149)![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/logo-w.svg?x88149)](https://www.metaco.com)

  * Solutions __

__Solutions

Solutions

    * [__Global Custodians Build tomorrow's market infrastructure ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/global-custodians-top-tier-banks/)
    * [__Universal Banks Satisfy demand for new asset classes ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/universal-banks/)
    * [__Neobanks & FintechsFind new routes to monetization ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/neobanks-fintechs/)
    * [__Regulated Exchanges Grow volumes and profit margins ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/regulated-exchanges/)
    * [__Corporates Boost customer loyalty and engagement ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/corporates/)

  * Platform __

__Platform

Platform

Deploy ambitious digital asset use cases with the most secure and versatile
infrastructure.

    * [__Harmonize™ Platform Overview Issue, store, trade, transfer, settle and service any type of digital asset. ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/harmonize/)
    * [__Custody Hot, warm and institutional cold storage ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/custody/)
    * [__Trading Powerful order execution, funding and settlement ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/trading/)
    * [__Web3 Web3 Portal spanning NFTs, DeFi and DApps ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/web3/)
    * [__Governance Entirely customizable risk and compliance controls ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/governance/)
    * [__Orchestration A single source of truth for managing all digital assets ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/orchestration/)
    * [__Tokenization Asset-agnostic smart contract management framework ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/tokenization/)
    * [__Integration Fully integrable platform following enterprise standards ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/integration/)
    * [__Security Highest protection against insider and external threats ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/security/)

  * Company __

__Company

Company

    * [__About](https://www.metaco.com/company/about/)
    * [__Media & news](https://www.metaco.com/company/media-coverage-press-releases/)
    * [__Careers](https://www.metaco.com/careers/)

  * Resources __

__Resources

Resources

    * [__Talks](https://www.metaco.com/resources/talks/)
    * [__Webinars](https://www.metaco.com/resources/webinars/)
    * [__Case studies](https://www.metaco.com/resources/case-studies/)
    * [__Reports](https://www.metaco.com/resources/reports/)
    * [__Blog](https://www.metaco.com/resources/blog/)

[Contact](https://www.metaco.com/contact/ "Contact")

[Press release](https://www.metaco.com/category/press-release/)

# Metaco and AON announce an insurable crypto asset storage technology for
banks

  *  __ June 11, 2019
  *  __4 min

Share

  * [ __](https://www.linkedin.com/sharing/share-offsite/?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.metaco.com%2Fpress-release%2Fmetaco-and-aon-announce-an-insurable-crypto-asset-storage-technology-for-banks%2F)
  * [__](https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Metaco+https%3A%2F%2Fwww.metaco.com%2Fpress-release%2Fmetaco-and-aon-announce-an-insurable-crypto-asset-storage-technology-for-banks%2F+via+%40metaco_sa)

#### A panel of London insurers arranged by Aon will offer an insurance
product to clients using SILO, METACO’s crypto asset storage technology for
banks.

**Lausanne/London,  ****11  ****June 201****9**

Swiss financial technology company, METACO, has announced today that a panel
of London insurers arranged by global professional services firm Aon will
offer a crime insurance product to clients using SILO – METACO’s integrated
hot-to-cold wallet management solution for financial institutions – which can
help to protect their digital assets from the losses resulting from loss,
damage, destruction or theft.

Today’s announcement follows a rigorous assessment of SILO’s security model,
which tightly combines purpose-built, tamper-proof hardware and software
security, and makes METACO’s solution the world’s first self-custody
technology platform to achieve this distinction.

The implications of this new crime insurance product for SILO, and for the
rapidly increasing number of financial institutions looking at crypto asset
self-custody are significant. When evaluating a crypto asset custodian’s
offering, insurers primarily evaluate the custodian’s approach to compliance
and AML, the technical infrastructure and its implementation, and the
operational and physical security. This new arrangement with Aon implies a
simplification of the underwriting process for both insurers and METACO’s
clients, as the insurer’s technical requirements are largely met out-of-the-
box. With SILO offered as an integrated on-premise solution as well as through
its banking infrastructure providers, the value of a facilitated insurance
product may prove decisive for banks evaluating storage solutions and should
stimulate the pace at which the banking industry embraces crypto assets.

“ _It is unique for a technology company, such as ourselves instead of the end
client, to work with Aon to bring this to market. Insurance is an essential
requirement for banking clients and METACO is excited to be able to facilitate
insurance for our clients through the leading broker for crypto insurance
solutions.”_

**said Adrien Treccani CEO and Founder of METACO.**

“ _Aon is pleased to have pioneered the formation of an insurance solution
covering theft of crypto assets for the benefit of METACO’s customers while
utilising the SILO platform. The METACO team worked in conjunction with Aon to
highlight to insurers the robust nature of the SILO system, which resulted in
a bespoke insurance product being granted by a panel of London insurers.”_

**said Jeff Hanson a Director within Aon’s UK Financial Services Team.**

#### About SILO

SILO is a fully integrated hot-to-cold crypto asset storage technology
designed for banks looking to self-custody. Through a tight interaction of
software and hardware, SILO delivers all the elements required by a crypto
asset custodian: a certified, hardware-secure key management toolbox, a
powerful wallet management engine with flexible governance policies and a
scalable order management services with dynamic loss limitation rules. The
reliability, security and performance of SILO offer the highest standards of
trust to the bank operating crypto asset services.

#### About Aon

Aon plc (NYSE:AON) is a leading global professional services firm providing a
broad range of risk, retirement and health solutions. Our 50,000 colleagues in
120 countries empower results for clients by using proprietary data and
analytics to deliver insights that reduce volatility and improve performance.

**Aon UK Limited is authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct
Authority.**

**FP.APEXFSG.001.JPSM.05.06.20**



### Contacts:

#### Management:

Adrien Treccani (Founder and CEO)

Email: [treccani@metaco.com](mailto:treccani@metaco.com)



#### Marketing Communications:

Lourdes Monso Migoya

Email: [monso@metaco.com](mailto:monso@metaco.com) / Tel.: +41 78 666 54 92

METACO SA, Avenue de Tivoli 2, CH 1007 Lausanne (Switzerland)

![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/footer.png?x88149)

## **Explore** more

  * ![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/12/metaco-pr-template-zodia.jpg?x88149)

[Press release](https://www.metaco.com/category/press-release/)

December 4, 2023### [Zodia Custody integrates on Metaco
network](https://www.metaco.com/press-release/zodia-custody-metaco-network/
"Zodia Custody integrates on Metaco network")

  * ![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/11/metaco-pr-template-square-bbva.png?x88149)

[Press release](https://www.metaco.com/category/press-release/)

November 21, 2023### [BBVA Switzerland expands partnership with
Metaco](https://www.metaco.com/press-release/bbva-switzerland-partnership-
institutional-harmonize/ "BBVA Switzerland expands partnership with Metaco")

  * ![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/04/metaco-placeholder.png?x88149)

[Press release](https://www.metaco.com/category/press-release/)

November 8, 2023### [Announcing HSBC’s New Digital Assets Custody
Service](https://www.metaco.com/press-release/hsbc-metaco-digital-asset-
custody/ "Announcing HSBC’s New Digital Assets Custody Service")

[![Metaco](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/logo-w.svg?x88149)](https://www.metaco.com)

  * [Solutions](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/)
    * [Global Custodians](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/global-custodians-top-tier-banks/)
    * [Universal Banks](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/universal-banks/)
    * [Neobanks & Fintechs](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/neobanks-fintechs/)
    * [Regulated Exchanges](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/regulated-exchanges/)
    * [Corporates](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/corporates/)
  * [Platform](https://www.metaco.com/platform/)
    * [Harmonize™](https://www.metaco.com/platform/harmonize/)
    * [Custody](https://www.metaco.com/platform/custody/)
    * [Trading](https://www.metaco.com/platform/trading/)
    * [Web3](https://www.metaco.com/platform/web3/)
    * [Governance](https://www.metaco.com/platform/governance/)
    * [Orchestration](https://www.metaco.com/platform/orchestration/)
    * [Tokenization](https://www.metaco.com/platform/tokenization/)
    * [Integration](https://www.metaco.com/platform/integration/)
    * [Security](https://www.metaco.com/platform/security/)
  * [Company](https://www.metaco.com/company/media-coverage-press-releases/)
    * [About](https://www.metaco.com/company/about/)
    * [Media & news](https://www.metaco.com/company/media-coverage-press-releases/)
    * [Jobs](https://www.metaco.com/jobs/)
  * [Resources](https://www.metaco.com/resources/)
    * [Talks](https://www.metaco.com/resources/talks/)
    * [Webinars](https://www.metaco.com/resources/webinars/)
    * [Case studies](https://www.metaco.com/resources/case-studies/)
    * [Reports](https://www.metaco.com/resources/reports/)
    * [Blog](https://www.metaco.com/resources/blog/)

![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/10/sco2.png?x88149)![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/10/iso27001.png?x88149)

  * [__](https://www.twitter.com/metaco_sa "Twitter: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")
  * [__](https://www.linkedin.com/company/metaco-ag/ "Linkedin: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")
  * [__](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC4MLOKnJD9bXfHVXMnHM7ow "Youtube: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")
  * [__](https://open.spotify.com/show/0IiI7iftR3F3RqinfJbpRT "Spotify: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")

© 2015-2024 - Metaco SA - All Rights Reserved |[ Terms & Conditions](https://www.metaco.com/terms-conditions/) | [Privacy Policy](https://www.metaco.com/privacy-policy/) | [Cookie policy](https://www.metaco.com/cookie-policy/)

