[](https://www.binance.com/en)

[Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/crypto/buy)

[Markets](https://www.binance.com/en/markets/overview)

Trade

Basic

  * [SpotBuy and sell on the Spot market with advanced tools](https://www.binance.com/en/trade/BTC_USDT?type=spot)
  * [MarginIncrease your profits with leverage](https://www.binance.com/en/trade?type=cross)
  * [P2PBuy & sell cryptocurrencies using bank transfer and 800+ options](https://p2p.binance.com/en)
  * [Convert & Block TradeThe easiest way to trade at all sizes](https://www.binance.com/en/convert)

Advanced

  * [Trading BotsTrade smarter with our various automated strategies - easy, fast and reliable](https://www.binance.com/en/trading-bots)
  * [Copy TradingFollow the most popular traders](https://www.binance.com/en/copy-trading)
  * [APIsUnlimited opportunities with one key](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-api)

[Futures](https://www.binance.com/en/futures/home)

  * [USDⓈ-M FuturesContracts settled in USDT and USDC](https://www.binance.com/en/futures)
  * [COIN-M FuturesContracts settled in cryptocurrency](https://www.binance.com/en/delivery)
  * [OptionsUSDT Options with limited downside and affordable entry](https://www.binance.com/en/eoptions)

[Earn](https://www.binance.com/en/earn)

[Square](https://www.binance.com/en/square)

  * [SquareStay informed with everything crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/square)
  * [Academy (Learn & Earn)Earn crypto by learning about blockchain](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn)
  * [BlogExpand your knowledge and get the latest insights](https://www.binance.com/en/blog)
  * [ResearchInstitutional-grade analysis, in-depth insights, and more](https://www.binance.com/en/research)

More

  * [VIP & InstitutionalYour trusted digital asset platform for VIPs and institutions](https://www.binance.com/en/vip-institutional-services)
  * [Launchpad & LaunchpoolDiscover and gain access to new token launches](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)
  * [MegadropLock your BNB and complete Web3 quests for boosted airdrop rewards](https://www.binance.com/en/megadrop)
  * [Mining PoolMine more rewards by connecting to the pool](https://pool.binance.com/en)
  * [PaySend, receive and spend crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/payment)
  * [LoansGet an instant loan secured by crypto assets](https://www.binance.com/en/loan)

  * [NFTExplore NFTs from creators worldwide](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/home)
  * [Fan TokenDiscover an all-new fandom and unlock unlimited fan experiences](https://www.binance.com/en/fan-token)
  * [Web3 WalletMeet the next-generation Web3 wallet](https://www.binance.com/en/web3wallet)
  * [BNB ChainThe most popular blockchain to build your own dApp](https://www.bnbchain.org)
  * [CharityBlockchain empowers charity to be more transparent, efficient, and traceable](https://www.binance.charity)

[Log
In](https://accounts.binance.com/en/login?loginChannel=blog&return_to=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYmluYW5jZS5jb20vZW4vYmxvZy9wYXltZW50cy9lbWJyYWNlLXRoZS1uZXctYWdlLW9mLXBheW1lbnRzLXdpdGgtYmluYW5jZS1wYXktc3RhcnQteW91ci1qb3VybmV5LWFzLWEtbWVyY2hhbnQtMzE4MTI1Nzg1ODA2MDkxNzYwMD9sYW5nPWVu)[Sign
Up](https://accounts.binance.com/en/register?registerChannel=blog&return_to=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYmluYW5jZS5jb20vZW4vYmxvZy9wYXltZW50cy9lbWJyYWNlLXRoZS1uZXctYWdlLW9mLXBheW1lbnRzLXdpdGgtYmluYW5jZS1wYXktc3RhcnQteW91ci1qb3VybmV5LWFzLWEtbWVyY2hhbnQtMzE4MTI1Nzg1ODA2MDkxNzYwMD9sYW5nPWVu)

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/images/common/logo.png)

Scan to Download App IOS & Android

[More Download
Options](https://www.binance.com/en/download?utm_source=&utm_campaign=)

##### [Binance Blog](/blog)

# Embrace the New Age of Payments with Binance Pay: Start Your Journey As a
Merchant

2024-05-28

## Main Takeaways

  * As a Binance Pay merchant accepting crypto payments, enjoy unique benefits such as lower transaction fees, flexible and seamless settlement. 

  * Other advantages include access to a growing market of digital payment users and a vast global customer base, including the 190 million users on [_Binance_](https://www.binance.com/en).

  * To become a Binance Pay merchant, begin your journey through the world of crypto payments by connecting with one of our channel partners.

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20240528/66431f1a-2168-43bc-a78a-ced738e330ad)_This
is a general announcement. Products and services referred to here may not be
available in your region._

In the rapidly evolving world of digital finance, embracing cryptocurrency
payments can offer a competitive edge to businesses of all sizes. Binance Pay
provides an innovative solution, enabling businesses to accept crypto payments
seamlessly. This blog will guide you through the benefits of becoming a
Binance Pay merchant and how to get started with the help of our Channel
Partners.

## What is Binance Pay?

[_Binance Pay_](https://pay.binance.com/en) is a secure, borderless, and
contactless cryptocurrency payment technology designed by Binance. It allows
users to pay and merchants to get paid in crypto anywhere in the world. With
support for over 80 cryptocurrencies, Binance Pay is versatile and user-
friendly.

## Understanding Merchants and Channel Partners

**Merchants:** These are businesses that use Binance Pay’s payment solution to
accept crypto payments from their customers. As a merchant, you can benefit
from the vast ecosystem of Binance users and the advantages of crypto
payments.

**Channel Partners:** These are payment providers  such as payment acquirers
or gateways that help merchants integrate Binance Pay into their operations.
They provide the necessary payment tools and support to ensure a smooth and
efficient onboarding process.

## Benefits of Binance Pay for merchants

In this section, we’ll delve into how adopting Binance Pay and embracing
crypto payments can boost your market presence, streamline operations, and
enhance the customer experience. From tapping into a vast and growing customer
base to enjoying lower transaction fees and faster settlements, discover the
compelling reasons why you should choose Binance Pay in order to thrive in the
digital economy.

### Growing Demand

The adoption and popularity of crypto payments are surging. In February 2024,
the total cryptocurrency market cap reached $2 trillion (Bloomberg Law), and
NASDAQ reports anticipate a 14% compounded annual growth rate for crypto
payments. Additionally, an Oliver Wyman study shows that nearly 48% of Gen Z
and millennials have used crypto, highlighting their potential as a
significant consumer segment.

Aligning with these trends, Binance Pay’s transaction volumes have increased
by over 71% year-on-year, topping $77 billion in 2023. By integrating Binance
Pay, your business can connect with this growing market. Thousands of
merchants worldwide  accept Binance Pay today across industries spanning
e-Commerce, travel, gaming, gift cards, tradefi, supermarkets, gas stations,
property, automobiles and more.  Read more about our growth
[_here_](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/payment/the-future-of-finance-in-
your-wallet-a-huge-year-for-binance-pay-5251449075265665529) and developments
[_here_](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/payments). To explore some of our
merchants, visit [_here_](https://pay.binance.com/en/merchant-stores).

### Vast Customer Base

Binance Pay’s user base has seen remarkable growth, with active users
increasing by nearly 70% to reach 12 million by the end of 2023. Our broader
Pay ecosystem now encompasses over 30 million users. With the overall global
Binance platform boasting over 190 million users, the potential for Pay to
expand is immense. This vast and growing audience offers an exceptional
opportunity to broaden your market reach and position your business at the
forefront of the digital payments revolution.

### Low Transaction Fees

Traditional payment methods often impose substantial fees on businesses,
especially for cross-border transactions. Binance Pay can significantly reduce
these costs, directly improving your bottom line. This is especially
beneficial for small businesses and startups aiming to maximize profits and
minimize operational expenses.

### Enhanced Customer Experience

Choosing Binance Pay enhances the customer experience significantly. It
supports over 80 cryptocurrencies, including BTC, ETH, BNB, USDT and more,
offering flexibility for  customers to pay with their preferred digital
assets. Binance Pay also facilitates off-chain instant settlements, reducing
the delay typically associated with blockchain transfers, and streamlines the
checkout process. Additionally, it incurs no gas fees, eliminating extra costs
for users.

## Onboarding as a merchant through Channel Partners

Partnering with our channel partners allows you to fully leverage Binance
Pay’s features, enjoy additional benefits, and foster opportunities for
business growth:

**Fiat or Crypto Settlements (for Crypto Payments):** As a merchant —
partnering with channel partners — you can choose to receive settlements in
fiat or crypto, offering flexibility to suit your business needs.

**Online and Physical Point-Of-Sale (POS) Payments:** Binance Pay supports
flexible payment options including online web, app-based or in-store checkout
flows. Some of our channel partners, such as Lunu and GoCrypto, provide
integrated payment solutions, including physical point-of-sale terminals for
retailers.

**Seamless Onboarding:** Get your business quickly up and running with our
channel partners’ seamless onboarding process, and allow easy access to the
unique advantages offered by Binance Pay.

## How to Onboard with Binance Pay through a Channel Partner

 _**Disclaimer**_ _: Access to Binance Pay may be restricted in some regions
regardless of the regions where Channel Partners are allowed to operate.
Please verify the availability of Binance Pay in your specific location.  _

To become a Binance Pay merchant, follow these steps:

**1\. Identify a Suitable Channel Partner:** Based on your business location
and needs, select a channel partner from our global and country-specific
partners.

**2\. Contact the Channel Partner:** Reach out to your chosen partner to begin
the onboarding process.

**3\. Integration:** Work with the partner to integrate Binance Pay into your
payment systems.

#### Global Channel Partners

  * Pundi X

  * Triple-A

  * Monetix

  * LetKnow Pay

  * Advanced Payment Solutions Group

  * Inswitch

  * GoCrypto 

#### Region Channel Partners:

**Channel Partner**| **Country/Region  **  
---|---  
Latam Gateway| LATAM  
Credencial Argentina SA | LATAM  
EazyPay | MENA   
CityPay.io| CIS  
NETEX LLC| CIS  
IvendPay| Europe, Asia Pacific  
CoinGate| Europe  
SettlePay| CEE  
  
 _* Please note that the above list is not an endorsement of any particular
Channel Partner. The merchants may be subject to separate agreements and T &Cs
of Channel Partners that Binance is not privy to. Merchants are solely
responsible for their decisions to onboard any particular Channel Partner and
Binance is not liable for any losses you may incur._

For more information about our Channel Partners, the regions they operate in,
please click [_here_](https://merchant.binance.com/en/channel-partners) for
their contact details to get in touch with your preferred channel partner.

If you would like to connect with the Binance Pay team for more information,
please leave your details [_here_](https://merchant.binance.com/en/contact-
sales). [_Terms and conditions apply._](https://pay.binance.com/en/terms)  

## Final Thoughts

The future is digital, with cryptocurrencies leading the way. Embracing
[_Binance Pay_](https://pay.binance.com/en) as a
[_merchant_](https://merchant.binance.com/en) places your business at the
forefront of this revolution. By offering seamless, fast, and secure crypto
payments, you can attract a global customer base and drive significant growth.

Join us today to provide flexible and convenient payment options, and lead
your business into the world of Web3 payments. Are you ready to start your
journey? Transform your business with the power of digital finance and let’s
pioneer the new era of payments together!

## Further Reading

  * [ _The Future of Finance in Your Wallet_](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/payments/the-future-of-finance-in-your-wallet-a-huge-year-for-binance-pay-5251449075265665529?lang=en)

  * [ _Businesses Share Their Binance Pay Experience_](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/payment/businesses-share-their-binance-pay-experience-3776357585883422616?ref=BWAC&utm_source=binance-africa&utm_medium=ba-blog&utm_campaign=binance-pay-merchant-faq)

* * *

**Disclaimer:** _Digital asset prices can be volatile. The value of your
investment may go down or up and you may not get back the amount invested. You
are solely responsible for your investment decisions and Binance is not liable
for any losses you may incur. Not financial advice. For more information, see
our_[ _Terms of Use_](https://www.binance.com/en/terms) _,_[_Binance Pay Terms
of Use_](https://pay.binance.com/en/terms) _and_[ _Risk
Warning_](https://www.binance.com/en/risk-warning) _._

194,971,244 users chose us. Find out why today.

Register Now

Like this post

###### Share Post

Article Outlines

Embrace the New Age of Payments with Binance Pay: Start Your Journey As a
Merchant

Main Takeaways

What is Binance Pay?

Understanding Merchants and Channel Partners

Benefits of Binance Pay for merchants

Onboarding as a merchant through Channel Partners

How to Onboard with Binance Pay through a Channel Partner

Final Thoughts

Further Reading

194,971,244 users chose us. Find out why today.

Register Now

### Community

[](https://discord.gg/jE4wt8g2H2)[](https://www.binance.com/en/community)[](https://www.tiktok.com/@binance?lang=en)[](https://www.facebook.com/binance)[](https://twitter.com/binance)[](https://www.reddit.com/r/binance)[](https://www.instagram.com/Binance/)[](https://coinmarketcap.com/exchanges/binance/)[](https://www.youtube.com/binanceyoutube)[](https://www.binance.com/en/community)

English

English

العربية

العربية (البحرين)

български

Čeština

Dansk

Deutsch (Schweiz)

Ελληνικά

English (UAE)

English (Australia)

English (Bahrain)

English (India)

English (Japan)

English (Kazakhstan)

English (Nigeria)

English (New Zealand)

English (South Africa)

Español (España)

Español (Argentina)

Español (Latinoamérica)

Español (México)

Français

Français (Afrique)

magyar nyelv

Bahasa Indonesia

Italiano

日本語

Қазақша (Қазақстан)

Қазақша

ລາວ

latviešu valoda

Polski

Português

Português (Brasil)

Română

Русский

Русский (Казахстан)

Русский (Украина)

සිංහල

Slovenčina

Slovenščina

Svenska

Türkçe

Українська

Tiếng Việt

简体中文

繁體中文

Theme

English

Theme

### About Us

  * [About](https://www.binance.com/en/about)
  * [Careers](https://www.binance.com/en/careers)
  * [Announcements](https://www.binance.com/en/support/announcement)
  * [News](https://www.binance.com/en/square/news/all)
  * [Press](https://www.binance.com/en/press)
  * [Legal](https://www.binance.com/en/legal/home)
  * [Terms](https://www.binance.com/en/terms)
  * [Privacy](https://www.binance.com/en/about-legal/privacy-portal)
  * [Building Trust](https://www.binance.com/en/land/building_trust)
  * [Blog](https://www.binance.com/en/blog)
  * [Community](https://www.binance.com/en/community)
  * [Sitemap](https://www.binance.com/en/country-region-selector)
  * [Risk Warning](https://www.binance.com/en/risk-warning)
  * [Notices](https://www.binance.com/en/support/list/notices)
  * [Downloads](https://www.binance.com/en/download)
  * [Desktop Application](https://www.binance.com/en/desktop-download)

### Products

  * [Exchange](https://www.binance.com/en/trade)
  * [Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/buy-sell-crypto)
  * [Leveraged Tokens](https://www.binance.com/en/leveraged-tokens/tokens/allTokens)
  * [TradingView](https://www.binance.com/en/land/tradingview)
  * [Pay](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/payment)
  * [Academy](https://academy.binance.com/en)
  * [Live](https://www.binance.com/en/live)
  * [Tax](https://www.binance.com/en/tax)
  * [Gift Card](https://www.binance.com/en/gift-card)
  * [Launchpad & Launchpool](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)
  * [Auto-Invest](https://www.binance.com/en/auto-invest)
  * [ETH Staking](https://www.binance.com/en/eth2)
  * [NFT](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/home)
  * [BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/bnb)
  * [BABT](https://www.binance.com/en/BABT?source=footer)
  * [Research](https://www.binance.com/en/research)
  * [Charity](https://www.binance.charity)

### Business

  * [P2P Merchant Application](https://c2c.binance.com/en/merchantApplication)
  * [P2Pro Merchant Application](https://p2p.binance.com/en/p2pro)
  * [Listing Application](https://www.binance.com/en/my/coin-apply)
  * [Institutional & VIP Services](https://www.binance.com/en/vip-institutional-services)
  * [Labs](https://labs.binance.com/)

### Learn

  * [Learn & Earn](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn)
  * [Browse Crypto Prices](https://www.binance.com/en/price)
  * [Bitcoin Price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/bitcoin)
  * [Ethereum Price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/ethereum)
  * [Browse Crypto Price Predictions](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction)
  * [Bitcoin Price Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction/bitcoin)
  * [Ethereum Price Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction/ethereum)
  * [Buy Bitcoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bitcoin)
  * [Buy BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bnb)
  * [Buy Ripple](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/xrp)
  * [Buy Dogecoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/dogecoin)
  * [Buy Ethereum](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/ethereum)
  * [Buy Tradable Altcoins](https://www.binance.com/en/altcoins/tradable)

### Service

  * [Affiliate](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/affiliate)
  * [Referral](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/referral?utm_source=Lite_web_footer)
  * [OTC Trading](https://www.binance.com/en/otc)
  * [Historical Market Data](https://www.binance.com/en/landing/data)
  * [Proof of Reserves](https://www.binance.com/en/proof-of-reserves)

### Support

  * [24/7 Chat Support](https://www.binance.com/en/chat?sourceEntry=4)
  * [Support Center](https://www.binance.com/en/support)
  * [Product Feedback & Suggestions](https://www.binance.com/en/my/user-support/feedback/entry)
  * [Fees](https://www.binance.com/en/fee/schedule)
  * [APIs](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-api)
  * [Binance Verify](https://www.binance.com/en/official-verification)
  * [Trading Rules](https://www.binance.com/en/trade-rule)
  * [Binance Airdrop Portal](https://www.binance.com/en/airdrop)
  * [Law Enforcement Requests](https://www.binance.com/en/support/law-enforcement)

Binance© 2024Cookie Preferences

