[](https://www.binance.com/en)

[Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/crypto/buy)

[Markets](https://www.binance.com/en/markets/overview)

Trade

Basic

  * [SpotBuy and sell on the Spot market with advanced tools](https://www.binance.com/en/trade/BTC_USDT?type=spot)
  * [MarginIncrease your profits with leverage](https://www.binance.com/en/trade?type=cross)
  * [P2PBuy & sell cryptocurrencies using bank transfer and 800+ options](https://p2p.binance.com/en)
  * [Convert & Block TradeThe easiest way to trade at all sizes](https://www.binance.com/en/convert)

Advanced

  * [Trading BotsTrade smarter with our various automated strategies - easy, fast and reliable](https://www.binance.com/en/trading-bots)
  * [Copy TradingFollow the most popular traders](https://www.binance.com/en/copy-trading)
  * [APIsUnlimited opportunities with one key](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-api)

[Futures](https://www.binance.com/en/futures/home)

  * [USDⓈ-M FuturesContracts settled in USDT and USDC](https://www.binance.com/en/futures)
  * [COIN-M FuturesContracts settled in cryptocurrency](https://www.binance.com/en/delivery)
  * [OptionsUSDT Options with limited downside and affordable entry](https://www.binance.com/en/eoptions)

[Earn](https://www.binance.com/en/earn)

[Square](https://www.binance.com/en/square)

  * [SquareStay informed with everything crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/square)
  * [Academy (Learn & Earn)Earn crypto by learning about blockchain](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn)
  * [BlogExpand your knowledge and get the latest insights](https://www.binance.com/en/blog)
  * [ResearchInstitutional-grade analysis, in-depth insights, and more](https://www.binance.com/en/research)

More

  * [VIP & InstitutionalYour trusted digital asset platform for VIPs and institutions](https://www.binance.com/en/vip-institutional-services)
  * [Launchpad & LaunchpoolDiscover and gain access to new token launches](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)
  * [MegadropLock your BNB and complete Web3 quests for boosted airdrop rewards](https://www.binance.com/en/megadrop)
  * [Mining PoolMine more rewards by connecting to the pool](https://pool.binance.com/en)
  * [PaySend, receive and spend crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/payment)
  * [LoansGet an instant loan secured by crypto assets](https://www.binance.com/en/loan)

  * [NFTExplore NFTs from creators worldwide](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/home)
  * [Fan TokenDiscover an all-new fandom and unlock unlimited fan experiences](https://www.binance.com/en/fan-token)
  * [Web3 WalletMeet the next-generation Web3 wallet](https://www.binance.com/en/web3wallet)
  * [BNB ChainThe most popular blockchain to build your own dApp](https://www.bnbchain.org)
  * [CharityBlockchain empowers charity to be more transparent, efficient, and traceable](https://www.binance.charity)

[Log
In](https://accounts.binance.com/en/login?loginChannel=blog&return_to=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYmluYW5jZS5jb20vZW4vYmxvZy9naWZ0LWNhcmQvcGh5c2ljYWwtYmluYW5jZS1naWZ0LWNhcmRzLWJyaW5naW5nLWNyeXB0by1naWZ0LWNhcmRzLW9mZmxpbmUtODkzMjY4MzA4ODU5OTE5NTYyND9sYW5nPWVu)[Sign
Up](https://accounts.binance.com/en/register?registerChannel=blog&return_to=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYmluYW5jZS5jb20vZW4vYmxvZy9naWZ0LWNhcmQvcGh5c2ljYWwtYmluYW5jZS1naWZ0LWNhcmRzLWJyaW5naW5nLWNyeXB0by1naWZ0LWNhcmRzLW9mZmxpbmUtODkzMjY4MzA4ODU5OTE5NTYyND9sYW5nPWVu)

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/images/common/logo.png)

Scan to Download App IOS & Android

[More Download
Options](https://www.binance.com/en/download?utm_source=&utm_campaign=)

##### [Binance Blog](/blog)

# Physical Binance Gift Cards: Bringing Crypto Gift Cards Offline

2022-11-18

## Main Takeaways

  * Binance Gift Cards are digital crypto gift cards that let anyone send and receive crypto anywhere in the world – at zero fees.   

  * Honoring our mission to make crypto even more accessible, we’ve made Binance Gift Cards available for purchase with cash in-store at select locations in Ghana and Lebanon. 

  * With our new print physical gift cards, you can give your loved ones crypto presents even if you’re not based in Lebanon or Ghana. 

_Whether you’re sending a Binance Gift Card to celebrate a special occasion or
as a fee-free remittance, these crypto cards are loved by many for their
practicality and convenience._

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20221118/894c2be7-aab3-4444-8097-633c978e977f)

Responding to popular demand for physical Binance Gift Cards, we’ve made the
gift cards you know and love available offline! Binance has partnered up with
Coinsmarket.lb and Marvolo to bring users [Physical Binance Gift
Cards](https://www.binance.com/en/gift-card/code-partner) to over 200 stores
in Lebanon and 50 stores in Ghana. We also released a new feature that lets
you distribute Binance Gift Cards in person.

## Introducing Physical Binance Gift Cards

Physical Binance Gift Cards function just like the digital version that you
know and love. Supporting over 270 cryptocurrencies and select fiat
currencies, it allows users to securely load up a physical gift card that your
recipient can easily redeem without extra fees. Our new gift cards are not
just limited to Binance users, anyone can purchase the card from a retailer or
reseller. However, if a non-Binance user wants to redeem their gift card on
the Binance website or app, they’ll need to sign up for an account and
complete the [identity
verification](https://www.binance.com/en/support/faq/how-to-complete-identity-
verification-360027287111) process.

## More Ways to Give the Gift of Crypto** **

If you’re not based in a country where you can buy a physical Binance Gift
Card from a retailer or reseller, fret not! You can also create physical cards
with our new[ print physical Binance Gift
Cards](https://www.binance.com/en/support/faq/how-to-print-physical-binance-
gift-cards-b852de0b5a2448b6b76245930ef84eeb) tool. This feature lets users
sell and distribute Binance Gift Cards in person, which makes introducing
crypto to newbies and non-Binance folks even easier.

To learn more about this new feature, check out our in-depth tutorial on [How
to Print Physical Binance Gift
Cards](https://www.binance.com/en/support/faq/how-to-print-physical-binance-
gift-cards-b852de0b5a2448b6b76245930ef84eeb).

## How Do I Create and Send a Gift Card

1\. Log in to the Binance App.

2\. Tap **[Gift Card]** under your profile, then select **[Buy Gift Card]**.

3\. Choose the crypto and the amount you want to send. If you want to
customize your gift card, you can pick a design from the template gallery.

4\. Once you’ve chosen your design and confirmed the gift card amount, tap
**[Buy now]**.

5\. Complete the two-factor authentication (2FA) to confirm the transaction,
and the amount will be deducted from your Spot or Funding wallet accordingly.

For a more detailed guide, check out our tutorial on [How to Create and Send
Binance Gift
Cards](https://www.binance.com/en/support/faq/d4f5b489c5064322826f202a2bd88d30).

## How Do I Redeem a Gift Card

  1. Log in to the Binance app and select **[Gift Card]** under your profile. 

  2. Tap **[Redeem]**.

  3. Enter the 16-digit code on your gift card and select **[Redeem]**.

For a step-by-step guide, check out our tutorial on****[How Do I Redeem a Gift
Card on
Binance](https://www.binance.com/en/support/faq/277bb1edbce74f8eb91dd058f3066b8c)
_._

[![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20221118/5012f322-30b4-4858-9a1b-24cd1a70862b)](https://www.binance.com/en/gift-
card/send)

Binance Gift Card is a convenient way to send crypto to your loved ones, no
matter the occasion or their location. Those who prefer a more tangible gift
can now use the new physical Binance Gift Card with ease.

[Send Your Loved Ones a Digital or Physical Binance Gift Card
today!](https://www.binance.com/en/gift-card/send)

**For more information, please refer to the links below** :

  * (FAQ) [How Do I Redeem a Gift Card](https://www.binance.com/en/support/faq/277bb1edbce74f8eb91dd058f3066b8c)

  * (FAQ) [How to Redeem and Convert Binance Gift Cards to Fiat Currency?](https://www.binance.com/en/support/faq/db265dbdbf084f72994c35ffe2227cf6)

  * (FAQ) [How to Create and Send a Gift Card](https://www.binance.com/en/support/faq/d4f5b489c5064322826f202a2bd88d30)

  * (FAQ) [How Do I Refer a Friend with a Gift Card](https://www.binance.com/en/support/faq/d32c4036520b4037ad8d159cbfc92451)

 _Binance reserves the right in its sole discretion to amend or cancel this
announcement at any time and for any reason, without prior notice._

_**Risk disclaimer**_ _: Cryptocurrencies are subject to high market risk and
price volatility. You should only invest in products that you are familiar
with and where you understand the associated risks. You should carefully
consider your investment experience, financial situation, investment
objectives and risk tolerance, and consult an independent financial adviser
prior to making any investment. This material should not be construed as
financial advice. Past performance is not a reliable indicator of future
performance. The value of your investment can go down as well as up, and you
may not get back the amount you invested. You are solely responsible for your
investment decisions. Binance is not responsible for any losses you may incur.
For more information, please refer to our_[terms of
use](https://www.binance.com/en/terms) _and_[risk
warning](https://www.binance.com/en/risk-warning) _._

194,995,432 users chose us. Find out why today.

Register Now

Like this post

###### Share Post

Article Outlines

Physical Binance Gift Cards: Bringing Crypto Gift Cards Offline

Main Takeaways

Introducing Physical Binance Gift Cards

More Ways to Give the Gift of Crypto

How Do I Create and Send a Gift Card

How Do I Redeem a Gift Card

194,995,432 users chose us. Find out why today.

Register Now

### Community

[](https://discord.gg/jE4wt8g2H2)[](https://www.binance.com/en/community)[](https://www.tiktok.com/@binance?lang=en)[](https://www.facebook.com/binance)[](https://twitter.com/binance)[](https://www.reddit.com/r/binance)[](https://www.instagram.com/Binance/)[](https://coinmarketcap.com/exchanges/binance/)[](https://www.youtube.com/binanceyoutube)[](https://www.binance.com/en/community)

English

English

العربية

العربية (البحرين)

български

Čeština

Dansk

Deutsch (Schweiz)

Ελληνικά

English (UAE)

English (Australia)

English (Bahrain)

English (India)

English (Japan)

English (Kazakhstan)

English (Nigeria)

English (New Zealand)

English (South Africa)

Español (España)

Español (Argentina)

Español (Latinoamérica)

Español (México)

Français

Français (Afrique)

magyar nyelv

Bahasa Indonesia

Italiano

日本語

Қазақша (Қазақстан)

Қазақша

ລາວ

latviešu valoda

Polski

Português

Português (Brasil)

Română

Русский

Русский (Казахстан)

Русский (Украина)

සිංහල

Slovenčina

Slovenščina

Svenska

Türkçe

Українська

Tiếng Việt

简体中文

繁體中文

USD-$

USD-$

AED-د.إ

ARS-ARS$

AUD-A$

BDT-৳

BGN-лв

BHD-.د.ب

BOB-$b

BRL-R$

CAD-C$

CHF-CHF

CNY-¥

COP-COL$

CZK-Kč

DKK-KR

EGP-E£

EUR-€

GBP-£

HKD-HKD

HRK-kn

HUF-Ft

IDR-Rp

INR-₹

JPY-¥

KES-KSh

KWD-ك.د

KZT-₸

MAD-م.د.

MNT-₮

MXN-Mex$

NZD-NZ$

OMR-ر.ع.

PEN-S/.

PHP-₱

PKR-₨

PLN-zł

QAR-ر.ق

RON-lei

RUB-₽

SAR-ر.س

SEK-kr

THB-฿

TRY-₺

TWD-NT$

UAH-₴

UGX-USh

VES-Bs

VND-₫

ZAR-R

Theme

English

USD

Theme

### About Us

  * [About](https://www.binance.com/en/about)
  * [Careers](https://www.binance.com/en/careers)
  * [Announcements](https://www.binance.com/en/support/announcement)
  * [News](https://www.binance.com/en/square/news/all)
  * [Press](https://www.binance.com/en/press)
  * [Legal](https://www.binance.com/en/legal/home)
  * [Terms](https://www.binance.com/en/terms)
  * [Privacy](https://www.binance.com/en/about-legal/privacy-portal)
  * [Building Trust](https://www.binance.com/en/land/building_trust)
  * [Blog](https://www.binance.com/en/blog)
  * [Community](https://www.binance.com/en/community)
  * [Sitemap](https://www.binance.com/en/country-region-selector)
  * [Risk Warning](https://www.binance.com/en/risk-warning)
  * [Notices](https://www.binance.com/en/support/list/notices)
  * [Downloads](https://www.binance.com/en/download)
  * [Desktop Application](https://www.binance.com/en/desktop-download)

### Products

  * [Exchange](https://www.binance.com/en/trade)
  * [Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/buy-sell-crypto)
  * [Leveraged Tokens](https://www.binance.com/en/leveraged-tokens/tokens/allTokens)
  * [TradingView](https://www.binance.com/en/land/tradingview)
  * [Pay](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/payment)
  * [Academy](https://academy.binance.com/en)
  * [Live](https://www.binance.com/en/live)
  * [Tax](https://www.binance.com/en/tax)
  * [Gift Card](https://www.binance.com/en/gift-card)
  * [Launchpad & Launchpool](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)
  * [Auto-Invest](https://www.binance.com/en/auto-invest)
  * [ETH Staking](https://www.binance.com/en/eth2)
  * [NFT](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/home)
  * [BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/bnb)
  * [BABT](https://www.binance.com/en/BABT?source=footer)
  * [Research](https://www.binance.com/en/research)
  * [Charity](https://www.binance.charity)

### Business

  * [P2P Merchant Application](https://c2c.binance.com/en/merchantApplication)
  * [P2Pro Merchant Application](https://p2p.binance.com/en/p2pro)
  * [Listing Application](https://www.binance.com/en/my/coin-apply)
  * [Institutional & VIP Services](https://www.binance.com/en/vip-institutional-services)
  * [Labs](https://labs.binance.com/)

### Learn

  * [Learn & Earn](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn)
  * [Browse Crypto Prices](https://www.binance.com/en/price)
  * [Bitcoin Price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/bitcoin)
  * [Ethereum Price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/ethereum)
  * [Browse Crypto Price Predictions](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction)
  * [Bitcoin Price Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction/bitcoin)
  * [Ethereum Price Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction/ethereum)
  * [Buy Bitcoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bitcoin)
  * [Buy BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bnb)
  * [Buy Ripple](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/xrp)
  * [Buy Dogecoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/dogecoin)
  * [Buy Ethereum](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/ethereum)
  * [Buy Tradable Altcoins](https://www.binance.com/en/altcoins/tradable)

### Service

  * [Affiliate](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/affiliate)
  * [Referral](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/referral?utm_source=Lite_web_footer)
  * [OTC Trading](https://www.binance.com/en/otc)
  * [Historical Market Data](https://www.binance.com/en/landing/data)
  * [Proof of Reserves](https://www.binance.com/en/proof-of-reserves)

### Support

  * [24/7 Chat Support](https://www.binance.com/en/chat?sourceEntry=4)
  * [Support Center](https://www.binance.com/en/support)
  * [Product Feedback & Suggestions](https://www.binance.com/en/my/user-support/feedback/entry)
  * [Fees](https://www.binance.com/en/fee/schedule)
  * [APIs](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-api)
  * [Binance Verify](https://www.binance.com/en/official-verification)
  * [Trading Rules](https://www.binance.com/en/trade-rule)
  * [Binance Airdrop Portal](https://www.binance.com/en/airdrop)
  * [Law Enforcement Requests](https://www.binance.com/en/support/law-enforcement)

Binance© 2024Cookie Preferences

