[ New: Wallet recovery made easy with Ledger Recover, provided by Coincover
Get started ](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-recover)

Our Website now exists in . Do you want to change languages?

Yes, please No, I'm good

You can revert to English at any time by clicking on the language menu on the
top right corner of the page.

[ ![Ledger](https://www.ledger.com/wp-
content/themes/ledger-v2/public/images/ledger-logo-long.svg)
](https://www.ledger.com "Ledger")

  * Products
    * [Ledger Stax](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-stax "Ledger Stax")
    * [Ledger Nano X](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-nano-x "Ledger Nano X")
    * [Ledger Nano S Plus](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-nano-s-plus "Ledger Nano S Plus")
    * [Compare our devices](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/hardware-wallets-comparison "Compare our devices")
    * [Packs](https://shop.ledger.com/#category-bundle "Packs")
    * [Accessories](https://shop.ledger.com/#category-accessories "Accessories")
    * [Collaborations](https://www.ledger.com/collaborations "Collaborations")
    * [See all products](https://shop.ledger.com "See all products")
    * [Download Ledger Live](https://www.ledger.com/ledger-live "Download Ledger Live")
    * [Supported crypto](https://www.ledger.com/supported-crypto-assets "Supported crypto")
  * App and services
    * [Ledger Live](https://www.ledger.com/ledger-live "Ledger Live")
    * [Ledger Recover](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-recover "Ledger Recover")
    * [CL Card](https://www.ledger.com/cl-card "CL Card")
    * [Supported Services](https://www.ledger.com/supported-services "Supported Services")
    * [Crypto Prices](https://www.ledger.com/coin/price "Crypto Prices")
  * Learn
    * [Ledger Academy](https://www.ledger.com/academy "Ledger Academy")
    * [Learn and Earn](https://quest.ledger.com/ "Learn and Earn")
    * [Classroom](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-web-30-everything-you-need-to-know "Classroom")
    * [Blog](/blog "Blog")
    * [What is a crypto wallet](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/2-how-to-own-crypto/what-is-a-crypto-wallet "What is a crypto wallet")
    * [How to Buy](https://www.ledger.com/buy "How to Buy")
    * [How to Swap](https://www.ledger.com/swap "How to Swap")
    * [How to Stake](https://www.ledger.com/staking "How to Stake")
  * For Business
    * [Ledger Enterprise Solutions](https://enterprise.ledger.com?utm_source=mainsite&utm_medium=header "Ledger Enterprise Solutions")
    * [Ledger Partners](/partners "Ledger Partners")
    * [Ledger Co-branded Partnership](https://co-branded.ledger.com/ "Ledger Co-branded Partnership")
  * [For Developers](https://developers.ledger.com/ "For Developers")
  * [Support](https://support.ledger.com/hc "Support")
  * English
    * This page is available in English only

[__](https://shop.ledger.com/cart "Ledger Shop")

__

##  EARN REWARDS* BY STAKING YOUR CARDANO

Staking your Cardano allows you to passively earn rewards for helping to
secure the network.  
  
Through the Yoroi wallet or AdaLite, and by pairing it with your Ledger
hardware wallet, you can easily and securely delegate the Cardano you want to
stake.  
  
Youâ€™ll get competitive rewards, and a trustworthy validator, and you keep
ownership of your coins.

![EARN REWARDS* BY STAKING YOUR CARDANO](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2022/11/image.png)

##  WHY STAKING YOUR CARDANO

Cardano, a cryptocurrency with a large market capitalization, aims to advance
Ethereum's concept with a blockchain that offers flexibility, sustainability,
and scalability for executing smart contracts. This enables the creation of
various decentralized finance applications, crypto tokens, games, and other
innovations.

__Maximise your assets

Don't let your assets gather dust. Put them to work and make them grow with
Ledger.

__Secure the network

When you stake Cardano, you make the Cardano blockchain successful by securing
the network and validating transactions.

##  STAKING CARDANO IS BETTER WITH A WALLET APP THAT SUPPORT THE MOST SECURE
COLD WALLET

__

###  Secure

Pairing your Ledger with a third-party wallet, allow you to grow your Cardano
bag **securely**.

__

###  Ownership

Keep **full custody** of your assets when you stake with Yoroi wallet or
AdaLite, unlike with crypto exchanges.

__

###  Freedom of choice

It's up to you to choose which validators you want to delegate your Cardano
too.

![Earn rewards](https://www.ledger.com/wp-
content/themes/ledger-v2/public/images/staking/rewards.png)

##  Earn rewards

You can passively grow your assets by participating in the Cardano network. By
delegating your ADA to a validator, you will receive rewards for helping to
secure the network.  
  
The current annual yield on Cardano is around 3%.  
  
You can stop delegating your Cardano at any time and you will no need to wait
to unlock your ADA tokens.

  
  
[ Estimate your rewards
](https://www.stakingrewards.com/calculator/?asset=cardano "Estimate your
rewards")

##  HOW DOES LEDGER'S SOLUTION WORK?

[ Get your device ](https://shop.ledger.com "Get your device")

### A hardware wallet

that offers the best security for your crypto and NFTs - your assets always
remain safe.

![](https://www.ledger.com/wp-
content/themes/ledger-v2/public/images/staking/how-works.png)

### An app

to manage your crypto and access key services: buy, swap or grow your assets.
Securely thanks to your hardware wallet.

[ Get your device ](https://shop.ledger.com "Get your device")

##  5 STEPS TO START SECURELY STAKING CARDANO

01

##  Buy a Ledger hardware wallet

Ledger hardware wallets are the smartest way to securely store your assets.

[ Buy your hardware wallet ](https://shop.ledger.com/ "Buy your hardware
wallet")

02

##  Set up your device

Follow the setup steps.  
Ledger is your gateway to securely and easily buy, manage, stake, and grow
your assets. All in one app.

[ Get started with Ledger ](https://support.ledger.com/hc/en-
us/articles/4404389503889-Getting-started-with-Ledger-Live?docs=true "Get
started with Ledger")

03

##  Download and install a third-party-wallet

Download and install a Yoroi wallet or AdaLite extension that lets you manage
your Cardano.

[ Download Yoroi wallet ](https://yoroi-wallet.com/#/ "Download Yoroi wallet")
[ Download AdaLite ](https://adalite.io/ "Download AdaLite")

04

##  Connect your Ledger Nano to your third-party-wallet

  

  1. Connect your Ledger Nano to a computer/smartphone and unlock it.
  

  2. Open your wallet extension.
  

  3. Connect your third-party wallet to Ledger Nano.
  

[ Using third-party wallet with your Ledger
](https://support.ledger.com/hc/en-us/articles/360026472413-Using-dapps-and-
third-party-wallets?docs=true "Using third-party wallet with your Ledger")

05

##  Start staking Cardano

Now that you have a Cardano wallet secured by your Ledger with ADA tokens in
it, you should simply go to the Delegation List, pick a stake pool, and
confirm delegation with your hardware wallet.

[ Stake Cardano now ]( "Stake Cardano now")

LEDGER LIVE

##  Other crypto to stake with Ledger

[ ![Oasis Network logo](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2023/03/rose.png) Oasis Network  ROSE
](https://www.ledger.com/coin/staking/oasis-network) [ ![](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2019/12/picto-tezos-1.svg) Tezos  XTZ
](https://www.ledger.com/staking-tezos) [ ![](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2022/08/OSMO.png) Osmosis*  OSMO
](https://www.ledger.com/staking/staking-osmosis) [ ![CRO
logo](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2023/02/Vector-1.svg) Cronos  CRO
](https://www.ledger.com/coin/staking/crypto-com-chain) [ ![Internet Computer
logo](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2022/11/Internet_Computer_logo.png) Internet
Computer  ICP  ](https://www.ledger.com/coin/staking/internet-computer) [
![](https://ledger-wp-website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2022/05/Vector.svg)
Solana*  SOL  ](https://www.ledger.com/staking/ledger-node/solana) [
![](https://ledger-wp-website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2019/05/cosmos.svg)
ATOM*  ATOM  ](https://www.ledger.com/staking/ledger-node/cosmos) [ ![Hedera
Logo](https://ledger-wp-website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2022/11/hbar.png)
Hedera  HBAR  ](https://www.ledger.com/coin/staking/hedera-hashgraph) [
![](https://ledger-wp-website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2020/10/Polkadot.svg)
Polkadot  DOT  ](https://www.ledger.com/staking-polkadot) [ ![Mina Protocol
logo](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2022/11/JM4_vQ34_400x400.png) Mina Protocol
MINA  ](https://www.ledger.com/coin/staking/mina-protocol) [ ![Axelar
logo](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2023/06/V-65_xQ1_400x400.jpeg) Axelar  AXL
](https://www.ledger.com/coin/staking/axelar) [ ![Kusama logo](https://ledger-
wp-website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2021/05/Kusama.svg) Kusama  KSM
](https://www.ledger.com/coin/staking/kusama) [ ![](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2020/08/algorand.svg) Algorand  ALGO
](https://www.ledger.com/staking-algorand) [ ![](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2022/11/elrond3_360-1.png) EGLD*  EGLD
](https://www.ledger.com/staking/staking-egld) [ ![](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2019/05/ethereum.svg) Ethereum  ETH
](https://www.ledger.com/staking-ethereum) [ ![EOS logo](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2023/02/Vector-Stroke.svg) EOS  EOS
](https://www.ledger.com/coin/staking/eos) [ ![](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2023/01/Near.svg) NEAR*  NEAR
](https://www.ledger.com/staking/staking-near) [ ![Stacks
logo](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2023/03/Stacks_logo_full.png) Stacks  STX
](https://www.ledger.com/coin/staking/blockstack) [ ![](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2019/05/tron.svg) Tron  TRX
](https://www.ledger.com/staking-tron) [ ![AVAX logo](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2023/02/AVAX.svg) Avalanche  AVAX
](https://www.ledger.com/coin/staking/avalanche-2) [ ![NEO
logo](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2022/11/NEO_512_512.png) NEO  NEO
](https://www.ledger.com/coin/staking/neo) [ ![Casper Network
logo](https://ledger-wp-website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2023/06/casper.png)
Casper Network  CSPR  ](https://www.ledger.com/coin/staking/casper-network)

[ See all coins supported ](https://www.ledger.com/supported-crypto-assets "
See all coins

                    supported")

*Ledger validator node available 

##  Want to learn more about staking?

We answer all the basic questions you might have in our Ledger academy: What
is staking? Whatâ€™s the difference between Proof-of-Stake and Proof-of-Work?
What is a validator?  
  
You can also take a look at our School of Block series on Youtube to learn how
to get started in staking and make your money work for you.

[ Visit our Ledger Academy ](https://www.ledger.com/academy " Visit our Ledger
Academy")

![](https://www.ledger.com/wp-
content/themes/ledger-v2/public/images/staking/what-is-staking.png)

What is staking

[ Read the article ](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/keep-growing-
it/stake-your-crypto " Read the

                        article")

![](https://www.ledger.com/wp-
content/themes/ledger-v2/public/images/staking/school-of-blocks.png)

School Of Block

[ See our episode about staking ](https://www.ledger.com/academy/school-of-
block/episode-15-decentralized-finance-crypto-passive-income " See our episode
about staking")

![](https://www.ledger.com/wp-
content/themes/ledger-v2/public/images/staking/proof-of-stake.png)

What is proof of stake

[ Read the article ](https://www.ledger.com/academy/blockchain/what-is-proof-
of-stake " Read the

                        article")

![](https://www.ledger.com/wp-
content/themes/ledger-v2/public/images/staking/staking-faq.png)

## Frequently Asked Questions

__How Do Cardano Staking Work?

Cardano utilizes Proof-of-Stake as its consensus mechanism, in which users
invest a coin to have the chance to serve as a validator. There are two ways
to take part in the staking and validation process: by becoming a stake pool
owner or operator. Stake pools serve as trusted server nodes that validate
transactions.

To be a stake pool owner, one must delegate their Ada to a pool. This can be
done by creating your own private pool or by pledging your Ada to an existing
one.

A stake pool operator, on the other hand, is responsible for the maintenance
of the pool and its duties include renting servers, monitoring the node,
safeguarding the pool key, and performing other administrative tasks.

__What is the staking lockup period for Cardano?

When staking to a Cardano stake pool, you can freely transfer your ADA in and
out of your wallet, for trading or spending purposes, without any lock-in
period. Just ensure that your ADA is in a pool before the epoch snapshot
period for it to be counted for rewards.

__Do I still have control over my crypto when I delegate them to a validator?

You have **full ownership** of your Cardano when you stake through a third-
party wallet, unlike with crypto exchanges.

### Stay in touch

Announcements can be found in our blog. Press contact:  
[media@ledger.com](mailto:media@ledger.com)

  * [__](https://www.reddit.com/r/ledgerwallet/ "Ledger Reddit")
  * [__](https://www.facebook.com/Ledger/ "Ledger Facebook")
  * [__](https://www.instagram.com/ledger/ "Ledger Instagram")
  * [__](https://twitter.com/Ledger "Ledger Twitter")
  * [__](https://www.youtube.com/Ledger "Ledger Youtube")
  * [__](https://www.linkedin.com/company/ledgerhq "Ledger Linkedin company")
  * [__](https://www.tiktok.com/@ledger "Ledger Tiktok")
  * [__](https://discord.com/invite/ledger "Ledger Discord")

### Subscribe to our  
newsletter

New coins supported, blog updates and exclusive offers directly in your inbox

  

Enter your email

Register to newsletter

Your email address will only be used to send you our newsletter, as well as
updates and offers. You can unsubscribe at any time using the link included in
the newsletter.

[Learn more about how we manage your data and your
rights.](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/privacy-notice#ledger-newsletter)

[![](https://www.ledger.com/wp-content/themes/ledger-v2/public/images/ledger-
logo-long.svg)](https://www.ledger.com "Ledger")

  * English
    * This page is available in English only

Copyright Â© Ledger SAS. All rights reserved. Ledger, Ledger Stax, Ledger Nano
S, Ledger Vault, Bolos are trademarks owned by Ledger SAS.  
  
1 rue du Mail, 75002 Paris, France  
  
Payment methods  
![](/wp-content/uploads/2021/11/logo-paypal-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-crypto-s.png?v=6)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-bitpay-s.png?v=6)  
![](/wp-content/uploads/2021/11/layer1.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-visa-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-maestro-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-mastercard-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-cb-s.png?v=2)

  * Products
    * [Ledger Stax](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-stax)
    * [Ledger Nano X](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-nano-x)
    * [Ledger Nano S Plus](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-nano-s-plus)
    * [Compare our devices](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/hardware-wallets-comparison)
    * [Bundles](https://shop.ledger.com/#category-bundle)
    * [Accessories](https://shop.ledger.com/#category-accessories)
    * [All products](https://shop.ledger.com)
    * [Downloads](https://www.ledger.com/ledger-live)

  * Crypto Assets
    * [Bitcoin wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/bitcoin)
    * [Ethereum wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/ethereum)
    * [Cardano wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/cardano)
    * [XRP wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/ripple)
    * [Monero wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/monero)
    * [USDT wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/tether)
    * [See all assets](https://www.ledger.com/supported-crypto-assets)

  * Crypto Services
    * [Crypto Prices](https://www.ledger.com/coin/price)
    * [Buy crypto](https://www.ledger.com/buy)
    * [Staking crypto](https://www.ledger.com/staking)
    * [Swap crypto](https://www.ledger.com/swap)

  * For Business
    * [Ledger Enterprise Solutions](https://enterprise.ledger.com/)

  * For Startups
    * [Funding from Ledger Cathay Capital](https://www.ledger.com/cathay-ledger-fund)

  * For Developers
    * [The Developer Portal](https://developers.ledger.com/)

  * Get started
    * [Start using your Ledger device](https://www.ledger.com/start)
    * [Compatible wallets and services](https://www.ledger.com/ledger-wallets-and-services)
    * [How to buy Bitcoin](https://www.ledger.com/buy-bitcoin)
    * [Guide before buying bitcoin](https://www.ledger.com/buy-bitcoin/how)
    * [Bitcoin Hardware Wallet](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/bitcoin-hardware-wallet)

  * See also
    * [Support](https://support.ledger.com/hc)
    * [Bounty program](https://donjon.ledger.com/bounty/)
    * [Resellers](/reseller)
    * [Ledger Press Kit](https://www.ledger.com/press)
    * [Affiliates](https://www.ledgerwallet.com/affiliates/)
    * [Status](https://status.ledger.com/)
    * [Partners](/partners)

  * Careers
    * [Join us](https://www.ledger.com/career)
    * [All jobs](https://www.ledger.com/jobs)

  * About
    * [Our vision](https://www.ledger.com/blog/we-are-ledger-a-brand-vision)
    * [Ledger Academy](https://www.ledger.com/academy)
    * [The company](/the-company)
    * [The people](/the-people-behind-ledger)
    * [Diversity](https://www.ledger.com/diversity)
    * [Blog](/blog)

  * Legal
    * [Legal Center](https://www.ledger.com/legal-center)
    * [Sales Terms and Conditions](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/terms-and-conditions)
    * [Privacy Policy](https://www.ledger.com/privacy-policy)
    * [Disclaimers](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/disclaimers)

![](https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=237213137153741&ev=PageView&noscript=1)

