This website uses cookies to offer you a better browsing experience. Find out
more on how we use cookies.

Opt-out[Details](/vi/privacy-policy#collection-of-information)

Accept

[![Solana](/_next/static/media/logotype-dark.f79d530d.svg)](/vi)

  * Tìm hiểu
  * Developers
  * Solutions
  * Network
  * Cộng đồng 

Search```K`

[Documentation](/vi/docs)[RPC
API](/vi/docs/rpc)[Cookbook](/vi/developers/cookbook)[Guides](/vi/developers/guides)[Terminology](/vi/docs/terminology)

# Featured guides

The best in-depth guides to learn and build Solana dApps.

### [How to Optimize Compute Usage on SolanaStartMinimizing the amount of
compute a program uses is critical both for the performance and cost of
executing transactions. This guide will show you how to optimize compute usage
in your programs on Solana.](/vi/developers/guides/advanced/how-to-optimize-
compute)### [EVM to SVM: Understanding Solana for EVM developersStartLearn
about the key differences between the SVM and EVM development environments and
start building with Solana.](/vi/developers/evm-to-svm)### [Intro to Solana
development (using only your browser)StartSolana developer quickstart guide to
learn how to setup, build, and deploy your first Solana program using only
your browser with Solana Playground.](/vi/developers/guides/getstarted/hello-
world-in-your-browser)

## Hướng dẫn

[beginnerHow to auto approve transactionsBy auto approving transactions dApps
and games can create a more fluid user experience. This is especially
interesting for on-chain games.Learn
more](/vi/developers/guides/advanced/auto-approve)

[intermediateHow to Optimize Compute Usage on SolanaMinimizing the amount of
compute a program uses is critical both for the performance and cost of
executing transactions. This guide will show you how to optimize compute usage
in your programs on Solana.Learn more](/vi/developers/guides/advanced/how-to-
optimize-compute)

[intermediateHow to Request Optimal Compute BudgetLearn how to to use
transaction simulation to get the compute units consumed and build an optimal
transaction.Learn more](/vi/developers/guides/advanced/how-to-request-optimal-
compute)

[intermediateHow to use Priority Fees on SolanaPriority Fees are a new feature
on Solana that allow you to specify an additional fee to your transactions.
These fees help make your transaction more economically compelling to include
in a block.Learn more](/vi/developers/guides/advanced/how-to-use-priority-
fees)

[intermediateDurable & Offline Transaction Signing using NoncesOne-stop shop
for Solana's Durable Nonces: an easy way to power your Solana dappsLearn
more](/vi/developers/guides/advanced/introduction-to-durable-nonces)

[intermediateA Guide to Stake-weighted Quality of Service on SolanaStake-
weighed QoS (Quality-of-Service) is an implementation feature which, when
enabled, allows leaders (block producers) to identify and prioritize
transactions proxied through a staked validator as an additional sybil
resistance mechanism.Learn more](/vi/developers/guides/advanced/stake-
weighted-qos)

[introHow to create a CRUD dApp on SolanaSolana developer quickstart guide to
learn how to create a basic CRUD dApp on the Solana blockchain with a simple
journal program and interact with the program via a UI.Learn
more](/vi/developers/guides/dapps/journal)

[intermediateBuild an Energy System for Casual Games on SolanaLearn how to
build an on-chain energy system for a game, allowing players to expend energy
to perform actions, refilling it over time.Learn
more](/vi/developers/guides/games/energy-system)

[introSolana Game Development ExamplesA list of open source games and examples
on Solana with tutorials to get you started.Learn
more](/vi/developers/guides/games/game-examples)

[introSolana Gaming SDKsA list of Solana Gaming SDKs to get you started
creating your first Solana GameLearn more](/vi/developers/guides/games/game-
sdks)

[introGetting started with game development on SolanaLearn how to build games
on Solana. Solana is well built for web3 games of all genres utilizing speed,
low fees, and more to create an amazing gaming experienceLearn
more](/vi/developers/guides/games/getting-started-with-game-development)

[beginnerHello World for Solana Game DevelopmentGet started building Solana
games with a basic adventure game using the Anchor framework.Learn
more](/vi/developers/guides/games/hello-world)

[intermediateHow interact with tokens in programsLearn how to use tokens in
Solana games with an on-chain tutorialLearn
more](/vi/developers/guides/games/interact-with-tokens)

[introUsing NFTs and Digital Assets in GamesNFTs can be a powerful tool in
blockchain games. Learn how to utilize NFTs in Solana games to their full
potential.Learn more](/vi/developers/guides/games/nfts-in-games)

[beginnerPort Anchor to UnityUsing Anchor IDL you can interact with your
program directly from unityLearn more](/vi/developers/guides/games/porting-
anchor-to-unity)

[beginnerSaving game stateHow to save the state of a game in a Solana
programLearn more](/vi/developers/guides/games/saving-game-state)

[intermediateStoring SOL in a PDAUsing PDAs, you can reward SOL to players
playing your game. Learn how to reward SOL from a PDA when players find chests
in this game.Learn more](/vi/developers/guides/games/store-sol-in-pda)

[ResourceEVM to SVM: Understanding Solana for EVM developersLearn about the
key differences between the SVM and EVM development environments and start
building with Solana.Learn more](/vi/developers/evm-to-svm)

[intermediateFull-stack Solana development with React and AnchorLearn how to
build a full-stack Solana dApp with React and AnchorLearn
more](/vi/developers/guides/getstarted/full-stack-solana-development)

[introIntro to Solana development (using only your browser)Solana developer
quickstart guide to learn how to setup, build, and deploy your first Solana
program using only your browser with Solana Playground.Learn
more](/vi/developers/guides/getstarted/hello-world-in-your-browser)

[beginnerHow to CPI with a PDA Signer in a Solana programLearn to implement
Cross Program Invocations (CPI) with a PDA Signer in Solana programs using the
Anchor frameworkLearn more](/vi/developers/guides/getstarted/how-to-cpi-with-
signer)

[beginnerHow to CPI in a Solana programLearn how to implement Cross Program
Invocations (CPI) in Solana programs using the Anchor frameworkLearn
more](/vi/developers/guides/getstarted/how-to-cpi)

[introHow to create a token on SolanaLearn how to create a SPL token on Solana
with metadata.Learn more](/vi/developers/guides/getstarted/how-to-create-a-
token)

[beginnerGetting Started with the Anchor FrameworkThis guide provides a basic
overview of the Anchor framework. Anchor is a framework for Solana's Sealevel
runtime providing several convenient developer tools for writing smart
contracts.Learn more](/vi/developers/guides/getstarted/intro-to-anchor)

[beginnerHow to write a Native Rust ProgramThis guide provides a basic
overview on how to develop on-chain programs using the Rust programming
language.Learn more](/vi/developers/guides/getstarted/intro-to-native-rust)

[introSetup, build, and deploy a Solana program locally in RustThis quickstart
guide will demonstrate how to quickly setup, build, and deploy your first Rust
based Solana program to the blockchain.Learn
more](/vi/developers/guides/getstarted/local-rust-hello-world)

[IntroGetting started with Solana with Rust ExperienceLearn how to start
building on Solana as a Rust EngineerLearn
more](/vi/developers/guides/getstarted/rust-to-solana)

[introSetup local development and install the Solana CLIEasily setup your
local development environment for Solana development on Linux, Mac or Windows.
Including installing Rust, the Solana CLI, and Anchor.Learn
more](/vi/developers/guides/getstarted/setup-local-development)

[introHow to get Solana devnet SOL (including airdrops and faucets)A list of
the most common ways to get devnet and testnet SOL tokens for Solana
development. Including: airdrop, web3.js, POW faucet, and more.Learn
more](/vi/developers/guides/getstarted/solana-token-airdrop-and-faucets)

[introWallets ExplainedWhat is a crypto wallet? They do not actually store
your crypto. They store a secret key that allows you to prove you own an
address on a blockchain.Learn more](/vi/developers/guides/intro/wallets-
explained)

[intermediateCreating Compressed NFTs with JavaScriptCompressed NFTs use the
Bubblegum program from Metaplex to cheaply and securely store NFT metadata
using State Compression on Solana.Learn
more](/vi/developers/guides/javascript/compressed-nfts)

[intermediateA Guide to Solana Permissioned EnvironmentsSolana Permissioned
Environments bring the speed and scalability of Solana with the regulatory and
compliant control of a private blockchain. Learn how to deploy and integrate
Solana Permissioned Environments for your organization.Learn
more](/vi/developers/guides/permissioned-environments)

[intermediateConfigure and run a Solana RPC on AWSRunning Solana nodes on AWS
can help to reduce operational costs and improve reliability of your
validators or RPC servicesLearn more](/vi/developers/guides/rpc/configure-
solana-rpc-on-aws)

[introGetting started with SolangQuickstart guide on how to build your first
Solana program with Solidity using SolangLearn
more](/vi/developers/guides/solang/getting-started)

[beginnerHow to use the Default Account State extensionConfigure all new Token
Accounts to be frozen by default, then requiring all tokens to be unfrozen by
the authority before they can be usable.Learn
more](/vi/developers/guides/token-extensions/default-account-state)

[intermediateDynamic metadata NFTs using Token ExtensionsUsing the metadata
token extension it is possible to save dynamic metadata, like level and XP,
directly in the mint of an NFT.Learn more](/vi/developers/guides/token-
extensions/dynamic-meta-data-nft)

[beginnerGetting Started with Token ExtensionsWith the new token extensions,
you can create custom logic for your tokens. In this guide we will go over
everything you need to know about token extensions and what you need to get
started building todayLearn more](/vi/developers/guides/token-
extensions/getting-started)

[beginnerHow to use the Immutable Owner extensionWith the Token program, the
`SetAuthority` instruction can be used to transfer ownership of an account to
another. The `ImmutableOwner` extension can be used to prevent this.Learn
more](/vi/developers/guides/token-extensions/immutable-owner)

[beginnerHow to use the Interest-Bearing extensionInterest-bearing tokens are
tokens that can either increase or decrease in value over time. Similar to how
a bank savings account or a loan accumulates interest.Learn
more](/vi/developers/guides/token-extensions/interest-bearing-tokens)

[beginnerHow to use the Metadata Pointer extensionThe Metadata Pointer
extension enables a Mint Account to specify the address of the account that
stores its metadata. When used along with the Metadata Extension, metadata can
be stored directly on the Mint Account.Learn
more](/vi/developers/guides/token-extensions/metadata-pointer)

[beginnerHow to use the Mint Close Authority extensionWith Token Extensions,
it is possible to close token mint accounts by initializing the
MintCloseAuthority extension before initializing the mint.Learn
more](/vi/developers/guides/token-extensions/mint-close-authority)

[beginnerHow to use the Non-transferable extensionIn the world of digital
collectibles, NFTs have plenty of uses outside of the PFP meta. Enter the
concept of 'soul-bound' tokens - assets that are tied to an individual and
cannot be transferred.Learn more](/vi/developers/guides/token-extensions/non-
transferable)

[beginnerHow to use the Permanent Delegate extensionToken Extensions allow you
to specify a permanent account delegate for a mint with unlimited delegate
privileges over any account associated with that mint, including burning or
transferring any amount of tokens.Learn more](/vi/developers/guides/token-
extensions/permanent-delegate)

[beginnerHow to use the Reallocate instructionThe Token Extensions program has
an account extension that can be applied after initializing a Token Account,
enabling expanding support for more extensions after initial creation.Learn
more](/vi/developers/guides/token-extensions/reallocate)

[beginnerHow to use the Required Memo token extensionMemos in financial
transactions serve as a communication tool between sender and recipient. It
aids in the identification of both parties and offers clarity on the purpose
of the transfer.Learn more](/vi/developers/guides/token-extensions/required-
memo)

[beginnerHow to use the Transfer Fee extensionWith any form of transaction,
there's often a desire to collect or apply a fee. Similar to a small service
charge every time you transfer money at a bank or the way royalties or taxes
are collected for particular transfers.Learn
more](/vi/developers/guides/token-extensions/transfer-fee)

[intermediateHow to use the Transfer Hook extensionThe Transfer Hook extension
and Transfer Hook Interface introduce the ability to create Mint Accounts that
execute custom instruction logic on every token transfer.Learn
more](/vi/developers/guides/token-extensions/transfer-hook)

[introAdd Solana Wallet Adapter to a NextJS applicationThis guide will lead
you through the process of integrating Solana wallet adapter in NextJS and
using Solana wallets in your appLearn more](/vi/developers/guides/wallets/add-
solana-wallet-adapter-to-nextjs)

#### Got a question?

Questions are everywhere, answers are on the Solana StackExchange.

[Ask on Stack Exchange](https://solana.stackexchange.com/)

Managed by

[](/vi)

[](/youtube)[](/twitter)[](/discord)[](/reddit)[](/github)[](/telegram)

© 2024 Solana Foundation. All rights reserved.

Solana

  * [Trợ cấp](https://solana.org/grants)
  * [Solana Break](https://break.solana.com/)
  * [Media Kit](/vi/branding)
  * [Nghề nghiệp ](https://jobs.solana.com/)
  * [Từ chối](/vi/tos)
  * [Privacy Policy](/vi/privacy-policy)

Get Connected

  * [Hệ sinh thái](/vi/ecosystem)
  * [Blog](/vi/news)
  * [Bản tin](/vi/newsletter)

vi

© 2024 Solana Foundation. All rights reserved.

