Skip to main content

[](/en/)

  * Learn
  * Use
  * Build
  * Participate
  * Research

Search```K`

Languages EN

  1. [Home](/en/)/
  2. [Community](/en/community/)/
  3. [online](/en/community/online/)

Page last updated: January 9, 2024

On this page

  * Forums
  * Chat rooms
  * YouTube and Twitter

# Online communities

Hundreds of thousands of Ethereum enthusiasts gather in these online forums to
share news, talk about recent developments, debate technical issues, and
imagine the future.

## Forums

[r/ethereum(opens in a new tab)](https://www.reddit.com/r/ethereum) \- all
things Ethereum

[r/ethfinance(opens in a new tab)](https://www.reddit.com/r/ethfinance/) \-
the financial side of Ethereum, including DeFi

[r/ethdev(opens in a new tab)](https://www.reddit.com/r/ethdev/) \- focused on
Ethereum development

[r/ethtrader(opens in a new tab)](https://www.reddit.com/r/ethtrader/) \-
trends & market analysis

[r/ethstaker(opens in a new tab)](https://www.reddit.com/r/ethstaker/) \-
welcome to all interested in staking on Ethereum

[Fellowship of Ethereum Magicians(opens in a new tab)](https://ethereum-
magicians.org) \- community oriented around technical standards in Ethereum

[Ethereum Stackexchange(opens in a new
tab)](https://ethereum.stackexchange.com) \- discussion and help for Ethereum
developers

[Ethereum Research(opens in a new tab)](https://ethresear.ch) \- the most
influential messageboard for cryptoeconomic research

## Chat rooms

[Ethereum Cat Herders(opens in a new
tab)](https://discord.com/invite/Nz6rtfJ8Cu) \- community oriented around
offering project management support to Ethereum development

[Ethereum Hackers(opens in a new tab)](https://ethglobal.co/discord) \-
Discord chat run by ETHGlobal: an online community for Ethereum hackers all
over the world

[CryptoDevs(opens in a new tab)](https://discord.gg/5W5tVb3) \- Ethereum
development focused Discord community

[EthStaker Discord(opens in a new tab)](https://discord.gg/ethstaker) \-
community-run guidance, education, support, and resources for existing and
potential stakers

[Ethereum.org website team(opens in a new tab)](https://discord.gg/ethereum-
org) \- stop by and chat ethereum.org web development and design with the team
and folks from the community

[Matos Discord(opens in a new tab)](https://discord.matos.club/) \- web3
creators community where builders, industrial figureheads, and Ethereum
enthusiasts hang out. We're passionate about web3 development, design, and
culture. Come build with us.

[Solidity Gitter(opens in a new tab)](https://gitter.im/ethereum/solidity) \-
chat for solidity development (Gitter)

[Solidity Matrix(opens in a new
tab)](https://matrix.to/#/#ethereum_solidity:gitter.im) \- chat for solidity
development (Matrix)

[Ethereum Stack Exchange(opens in a new
tab)](https://ethereum.stackexchange.com/) _\- question and answer forum_

[Peeranha(opens in a new tab)](https://peeranha.io/) _\- decentralized
question and answer forum_

## YouTube and Twitter

[Ethereum Foundation(opens in a new
tab)](https://www.youtube.com/c/EthereumFoundation) \- Keep up to date with
the latest from the Ethereum Foundation

[@ethereum(opens in a new tab)](https://twitter.com/ethereum) \- Official
account of the Ethereum Foundation

[@ethdotorg(opens in a new tab)](https://twitter.com/ethdotorg) \- The portal
to Ethereum, built for our growing global community

[List of influential Ethereum twitter accounts(opens in a new
tab)](https://hive.one/c/ethereum?page=1)

![üèõÔ∏è](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f3db.svg)

### Decentralized Autonomous Organizations (DAOs)

These groups leverage Ethereum technology to facilitate organization and
collaboration. For instance, for controlling membership, voting on proposals,
or managing pooled assets.

[Learn more about DAOs](/en/community/get-involved/#decentralized-autonomous-
organizations-daos)

### Was this article helpful?

YesNo

  * [Edit page(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/ethereum/ethereum-org-website/tree/dev/public/content/community/online/index.md)
  * On this page

    * Forums
    * Chat rooms
    * YouTube and Twitter

Website last updated: May 22, 2024

[(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/ethereum/ethereum-org-
website)[(opens in a new tab)](https://twitter.com/ethdotorg)[(opens in a new
tab)](https://discord.gg/ethereum-org)

### Learn

  * [Learn Hub](/en/learn/)
  * [What is Ethereum?](/en/what-is-ethereum/)
  * [What is ether (ETH)?](/en/eth/)
  * [Ethereum wallets](/en/wallets/)
  * [What is Web3?](/en/web3/)
  * [Smart contracts](/en/smart-contracts/)
  * [Gas fees](/en/gas/)
  * [Run a node](/en/run-a-node/)
  * [Ethereum security and scam prevention](/en/security/)
  * [Quiz Hub](/en/quizzes/)
  * [Ethereum glossary](/en/glossary/)

### Use

  * [Guides](/en/guides/)
  * [Choose your wallet](/en/wallets/find-wallet/)
  * [Get ETH](/en/get-eth/)
  * [Dapps - Decentralized applications](/en/dapps/)
  * [Stablecoins](/en/stablecoins/)
  * [NFTs - Non-fungible tokens](/en/nft/)
  * [DeFi - Decentralized finance](/en/defi/)
  * [DAOs - Decentralized autonomous organizations](/en/dao/)
  * [Decentralized identity](/en/decentralized-identity/)
  * [Stake ETH](/en/staking/)
  * [Layer 2](/en/layer-2/)

### Build

  * [Builder's home](/en/developers/)
  * [Tutorials](/en/developers/tutorials/)
  * [Documentation](/en/developers/docs/)
  * [Learn by coding](/en/developers/learning-tools/)
  * [Set up local environment](/en/developers/local-environment/)
  * [Grants](/en/community/grants/)
  * [Foundational topics](/en/developers/docs/intro-to-ethereum/)
  * [UX/UI design fundamentals](/en/developers/docs/design-and-ux/)
  * [Enterprise - Mainnet Ethereum](/en/enterprise/)
  * [Enterprise - Private Ethereum](/en/enterprise/private-ethereum/)

### Participate

  * [Community hub](/en/community/)
  * [Online communities](/en/community/online/)
  * [Ethereum events](/en/community/events/)
  * [Contributing to ethereum.org](/en/contributing/)
  * [Translation Program](/en/contributing/translation-program/)
  * [Ethereum bug bounty program](/en/bug-bounty/)
  * [Ethereum Foundation](/en/foundation/)
  * [Ethereum Foundation Blog(opens in a new tab)](https://blog.ethereum.org/)
  * [Ecosystem Support Program(opens in a new tab)](https://esp.ethereum.foundation)
  * [Devcon(opens in a new tab)](https://devcon.org/)

### Research

  * [Ethereum Whitepaper](/en/whitepaper/)
  * [Ethereum roadmap](/en/roadmap/)
  * [Improved security](/en/roadmap/security/)
  * [Technical history of Ethereum](/en/history/)
  * [Open research](/en/community/research/)
  * [Ethereum Improvement Proposals](/en/eips/)
  * [Ethereum governance](/en/governance/)

  * [About us](/en/about/)
  * [Ethereum brand assets](/en/assets/)
  * [Code of conduct](/en/community/code-of-conduct/)
  * [Jobs](/en/about/#open-jobs)
  * [Privacy policy](/en/privacy-policy/)
  * [Terms of use](/en/terms-of-use/)
  * [Cookie policy](/en/cookie-policy/)
  * [Press Contact(opens in a new tab)](mailto:press@ethereum.org)

Is this page helpful?

