[![wormhole
logo](https://images.ctfassets.net/n8aw1cra6v98/2057wAXk6apiGi4vfTeC2u/9e200f5dfebaf6bb113c879243cf4508/wormwhole.svg?w=384&q=100)](/)

Products

Ecosystem

Developers

Platform

Community

[Start Building](https://docs.wormhole.com/)

news

### Fantom and Wormhole Deploy Circle’s Bridged USDC Standard, Paving the Way
for Future Native Deployment

Apr 04, 2024

·

2 min read

![https://images.ctfassets.net/n8aw1cra6v98/3mJWtgszpM36Y0x2DzbdW7/ae482c19dfabb3b2873591874ba06584/Fantom___Circle_Announcement.png](https://images.ctfassets.net/n8aw1cra6v98/3mJWtgszpM36Y0x2DzbdW7/ae482c19dfabb3b2873591874ba06584/Fantom___Circle_Announcement.png?w=1080&q=75)

The Fantom Foundation has announced the first phase in the launch of its
stablecoin USDC.e, powered by Wormhole and using Circle’s [Bridged USDC
Standard](https://www.circle.com/blog/bridged-usdc-
standard?ref=wormhole.ghost.io), for Opera and all future endeavors of
Fantom’s Sonic technology. Starting as a bridged USDC stablecoin from Ethereum
(USDC.e), the token becomes the canonical stablecoin for the Fantom network
and replaces all other previously fragmented forms of USDC. Utilizing
Wormhole's leading interoperability infrastructure, the first phase of this
launch introduces USDC.e as a bridged, USDC-backed token. The Fantom
Foundation provides liquidity for this canonical stablecoin, making it readily
available to developers and users using Wormhole-based bridges to transfer
USDC.e to Fantom.

Using Wormhole [Native Token Transfers (NTT)](https://wormhole.com/native-
token-transfers?ref=wormhole.ghost.io), Fantom expedites the process of
integrating bridged USDC.e. NTT is an open-source framework for transferring
tokens across blockchains without liquidity pools. Projects have full control
over how their tokens that use NTT behave on each chain, including the token
standard, metadata, ownership/upgradeability, and custom features. With NTT,
projects can also retain fine-grained control over their security, such as
rate-limiting, pausing, access control, and balance accounting.

This strategic move enhances the ecosystem's overall utility and provides
builders with more ways to engage with Fantom. The introduction of USDC.e also
sets a precedent as the first-ever bridged USDC standard outside of Ethereum
L2s, offering a pathway for its potential evolution into native USDC.

##### Advantages of the Canonical USDC.e Stablecoin on Fantom

Implementation of the bridged USDC.e standard provides the following benefits
to Fantom:

  * This implementation creates a potential path towards a native USDC stablecoin on Fantom.
  * Bridged USDC.e is immediately available to Fantom developers and users, with future-proof USDC upgradability baked in.
  * The deployment of USDC.e addresses stablecoin liquidity fragmentation, consolidating liquidity to create a stronger ecosystem and better user experience.

##### The Future of USDC on Fantom

Once bridged USDC.e has been deployed on Fantom, Circle and the Fantom
Foundation [may come to a mutual decision at any time to upgrade it to native
USDC](https://github.com/circlefin/stablecoin-
evm/blob/master/doc/bridged_USDC_standard.md?ref=wormhole.ghost.io). The
transition would be seamless, requiring no action from developers or users.
The support from Circle and the technological contributions from Wormhole
would ensure uninterrupted experiences and continuous access to robust
stablecoin liquidity on the Fantom Network.

By simplifying the transfer of USDC and other digital assets, Wormhole is
making DeFi more accessible, interoperable, and seamlessly integrated across
platforms. This integration with Circle and Fantom showcases the power of
collaboration in overcoming the challenges of cross-chain communication and
liquidity.

* * *

###### About Fantom

Fantom is a high-performance blockchain that supports smart contracts.
Developers can build scalable applications with low fees while taking
advantage of the full security offered by the Fantom Network.

![Image](https://images.ctfassets.net/n8aw1cra6v98/2fP8M06oPDd6atrcKaUHOQ/0fcc04374046f970de7dfb7fe86574e5/worm.svg)

#### Future-proof, permissionless tooling to empower multichain builders

[Start Building](https://docs.wormhole.com/)

Subscribe for updates

Subscribe

[![x or twitter](/assets/x.svg)](https://twitter.com/wormhole)[![x or
twitter](/assets/discord.svg)](https://discord.gg/wormholecrypto)[![x or
twitter](/assets/telegram.svg)](https://t.me/wormholecrypto)[![x or
twitter](/assets/github.svg)](https://github.com/wormhole-
foundation/wormhole)[![x or
twitter](/assets/some.svg)](https://docs.wormhole.com/)[![x or
twitter](/assets/youtube.svg)](https://www.youtube.com/@wormholecrypto)

Products

[connect](/products/connect)[SDK](/products/sdk)[native token
transfers](/products/native-token-
transfers)[Queries](/products/queries)[Messaging](/products/messaging)

Ecosystem

[Multichain apps](/ecosystem/multichain-apps)[W
Token](/ecosystem/w-token)[Ecosystem Programs](/ecosystem/ecosystem-
programs)[Case Studies](/case-studies)

Developers

[Documentation](https://docs.wormhole.com/wormhole)[Github](https://github.com/wormhole-
foundation)[Bug Bounties](https://immunefi.com/bug-
bounty/wormhole/)[Wormholescan](https://wormholescan.io/)

Platform

[Blockchains](/platform/blockchains)[Security](/platform/security)[Gateway](/platform/gateway)

Community

[Hub](/community/hub)[Blog](/blog)[Brand and Press](/brand-and-press)

2024 Ⓒ Wormhole. All Rights Reserved.

[Terms of use](/pages/terms-of-use)[Privacy Policy](/pages/data-protection-
and-privacy-policy)

