[](https://www.binance.com/en)

[Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/crypto/buy)

[Markets](https://www.binance.com/en/markets/overview)

Trade

Basic

  * [SpotBuy and sell on the Spot market with advanced tools](https://www.binance.com/en/trade/BTC_USDT?type=spot)
  * [MarginIncrease your profits with leverage](https://www.binance.com/en/trade?type=cross)
  * [P2PBuy & sell cryptocurrencies using bank transfer and 800+ options](https://p2p.binance.com/en)
  * [Convert & Block TradeThe easiest way to trade at all sizes](https://www.binance.com/en/convert)

Advanced

  * [Trading BotsTrade smarter with our various automated strategies - easy, fast and reliable](https://www.binance.com/en/trading-bots)
  * [Copy TradingFollow the most popular traders](https://www.binance.com/en/copy-trading)
  * [APIsUnlimited opportunities with one key](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-api)

[Futures](https://www.binance.com/en/futures/home)

  * [USDⓈ-M FuturesContracts settled in USDT and USDC](https://www.binance.com/en/futures)
  * [COIN-M FuturesContracts settled in cryptocurrency](https://www.binance.com/en/delivery)
  * [OptionsUSDT Options with limited downside and affordable entry](https://www.binance.com/en/eoptions)

[Earn](https://www.binance.com/en/earn)

[Square](https://www.binance.com/en/square)

  * [SquareStay informed with everything crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/square)
  * [Academy (Learn & Earn)Earn crypto by learning about blockchain](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn)
  * [BlogExpand your knowledge and get the latest insights](https://www.binance.com/en/blog)
  * [ResearchInstitutional-grade analysis, in-depth insights, and more](https://www.binance.com/en/research)

More

  * [VIP & InstitutionalYour trusted digital asset platform for VIPs and institutions](https://www.binance.com/en/vip-institutional-services)
  * [Launchpad & LaunchpoolDiscover and gain access to new token launches](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)
  * [MegadropLock your BNB and complete Web3 quests for boosted airdrop rewards](https://www.binance.com/en/megadrop)
  * [Mining PoolMine more rewards by connecting to the pool](https://pool.binance.com/en)
  * [PaySend, receive and spend crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/payment)
  * [LoansGet an instant loan secured by crypto assets](https://www.binance.com/en/loan)

  * [NFTExplore NFTs from creators worldwide](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/home)
  * [Fan TokenDiscover an all-new fandom and unlock unlimited fan experiences](https://www.binance.com/en/fan-token)
  * [Web3 WalletMeet the next-generation Web3 wallet](https://www.binance.com/en/web3wallet)
  * [BNB ChainThe most popular blockchain to build your own dApp](https://www.bnbchain.org)
  * [CharityBlockchain empowers charity to be more transparent, efficient, and traceable](https://www.binance.charity)

[Log
In](https://accounts.binance.com/en/login?loginChannel=blog&return_to=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYmluYW5jZS5jb20vZW4vYmxvZy9mcm9tLW91ci1jZW8vaGlnaGxpZ2h0cy1mcm9tLWN6cy1tYXktMzEtYW1hLW9uLXR3aXR0ZXItc3BhY2VzLTU4MzY5NDM1NzIxODQ1MTgzMTY%2FbGFuZz1lbg%3D%3D)[Sign
Up](https://accounts.binance.com/en/register?registerChannel=blog&return_to=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYmluYW5jZS5jb20vZW4vYmxvZy9mcm9tLW91ci1jZW8vaGlnaGxpZ2h0cy1mcm9tLWN6cy1tYXktMzEtYW1hLW9uLXR3aXR0ZXItc3BhY2VzLTU4MzY5NDM1NzIxODQ1MTgzMTY%2FbGFuZz1lbg%3D%3D)

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/images/common/logo.png)

Scan to Download App IOS & Android

[More Download
Options](https://www.binance.com/en/download?utm_source=&utm_campaign=)

##### [Binance Blog](/blog)

# Highlights From CZ’s May 31 AMA on Twitter Spaces

2023-06-02

## Main Takeaways

  * On May 31, Changpeng Zhao (CZ), Binance’s CEO, spent [an hour on Twitter Spaces](https://twitter.com/binance/status/1663870425523265536) answering questions from the audience. Here’s a summary of his responses.

  * CZ discussed Dubai's emerging role as a global hub for crypto innovation, and noted the impressive growth of Binance's presence in the city.

  * He also provided insights into some of the initiatives Binance is working on, such as potential support for the Lightning Network.

  * Crypto newcomers should be extremely cautious when taking advice from social media — always do your own research and understand the context of any investment.

_What follows is a summary of CZ’s answers to some of the questions he
received during a Twitter AMA on May 31, 2023. Please note that this
transcript has been edited for length and clarity._

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20230602/77be673e-10cf-4bf1-bd84-7b7828806c52)

##  CZ’s Daily Routine

 _What’s your daily routine? When do you usually start the day, and what do
you do to stay productive?_

**CZ** : I don’t really have a routine. Every day is a little bit different.

I’m in Dubai a lot. Here, I settle into a routine where I am a late sleeper,
late riser. I sleep around 02:00 and then wake up around 08:00 or 09:00. I
have a personal trainer come in some days, mainly to build muscles and fix my
back problems. Other than that, the morning is usually spent on calls. Then I
have lunch, take a nap. Afterward, there are more calls.

Waking up at 08:00 or 09:00 is helpful for coordinating with the teams in
Asia. I wake up to a large number of messages and will have to make calls
while responding to messages at the same time. The teams will often see me on
one call, but then I’m responding to messages in a different group. I do that
a lot, but I’m pretty public about it.

Later in the afternoon, or early evening, Europe, the US, and Latin America
wake up, but things usually quiet down around 20:00 to 21:00. That’s when I
consider what to do with my free time. Usually, I end up staying home and
listening to an audiobook. I listen at 2x or even 2.5x speed. That’s why I
talk fast, too.

I often listen while playing very simple games. I’ll play silly games that
require no concentration, but they allow me to listen to the book. If I don’t
play these games, it’s actually harder to concentrate sometimes. I end up
listening to books for around an hour or two – some days even longer. Doing
this, I can easily finish one, two, or even three books a week.

## Binance in Dubai

 _Do you think Dubai will become a hub for crypto innovation? Will Binance be
increasing its presence there?_

**CZ** : Oh, absolutely, yes. I think Dubai is already a crypto hub. When I
first got to Dubai over a year ago, only a handful of crypto companies
existed. Today there are probably a couple of thousand. On top of that,
thousands of businesses are in the application process for registration,
licensing, etc.

Dubai’s a great place. There’s a crypto event almost every night – dinners,
seminars, etc. I’m invited to multiple events every night, though I usually
don’t go. Still, a lot is happening here. Dubai is a very international city
overall, with many things to do.

About a year and a half ago, I came by myself. There were only a few Binance
employees based in Dubai. When I met them in person for the first time, they
told me, “CZ, you’re the third person I’ve met offline at Binance after
working for two and a half years for the company.”

Now, Binance has more than 700 employees in Dubai alone. We’re growing at a
rapid pace. The local economy is also booming due to its business-friendly
practices. Dubai’s GDP grew considerably last year. That’s quite significant
for post-pandemic times. Dubai is a fantastic place. I think it’s already a
crypto innovation hub that will continue to grow.

## Crypto Social Media

 _Should crypto newcomers look to social media for advice?_

**CZ:** As a newcomer, do not listen to social media advisers – people on
YouTube, Twitter, etc. You can look into them, but you don’t have to do what
they say. Always take their advice with a grain of salt – a huge grain of
salt. Not necessarily because their advice is wrong, but because everybody’s
situation is different.

If someone says, “Buy this coin,” you don’t know their personal background or
how invested they are in the project’s success. Personal factors affect
whether you should invest and how much. Never just listen to someone on the
internet because they’re famous. Do your own research on these projects,
understand them, and then look at your personal situation.

The short answer is no, definitely don’t just listen blindly. There is a lot
more thought that needs to go into understanding investments, risk management,
etc.

## Mining

 _How is Binance involved in the mining space?_

**CZ** : We actually don’t do any mining. It’s one of the few spaces or
sectors in the industry that Binance is not involved with, and we don’t plan
to be. Mining is a very different type of business with different aspects to
consider. It involves hardware, which is something we’re not very familiar
with. I think many other players have more of an advantage than us. Mining
just isn’t our strong point.

Binance does operate one of the largest mining pools, which is very different
from a mining farm. We aim for a model that prioritizes low fees. We’re happy
that miners use our pool and have Binance’s liquidity to help cover their
operational costs. We provide miners with an integrated service but don’t do
the mining itself. I believe mining is very important, and there are many
misconceptions about it, but it isn’t our core expertise.

## The Lightning Network

 _When will Binance implement the Lightning Network on its exchanges?_

**CZ** : We use a secure wallet infrastructure where addresses are pre-
generated in a separate protected environment, and public keys are then
exported to the production environment, which is different from the wallet
environment.

It’s not possible to pre-generate addresses with the Lightning Network. To
implement it, we would have to do something very different security-wise.
We’re working on it, but it’s not as simple as installing and using a wallet.
There are many security considerations behind the scenes. Nevertheless, the
team is intimately familiar with the Lightning Network, so they are working on
various solutions.

We may enable Lightning Network transactions for small amounts first. I don’t
have a particular date, but the team has looked into it in a lot of detail.
Eventually, I think every exchange will have to support the Lighting Network.
The earlier we can do it, the better. Then users can enjoy its benefits, like
saved costs with faster transactions. It would be a helpful innovation for the
future, especially for Binance Pay and different wallet services.

_Listen to a recording of this AMA in its entirety_[
_here_](https://twitter.com/binance/status/1663870425523265536) _._

##  Further Reading

  * [CZ’s Principles](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/from-cz/czs-principles-6343713009794494746)

  * [CZ on Time Management](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/from-cz/cz-on-time-management-937115089915394194)

  * [CZ’s Book Recommendations](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/from-cz/czs-book-recommendations-3164932959824224096)

195,061,918 users chose us. Find out why today.

Register Now

Like this post

###### Share Post

Article Outlines

Highlights From CZ’s May 31 AMA on Twitter Spaces

Main Takeaways

CZ’s Daily Routine

Binance in Dubai

Crypto Social Media

Mining

The Lightning Network

Further Reading

195,061,918 users chose us. Find out why today.

Register Now

### Community

[](https://discord.gg/jE4wt8g2H2)[](https://www.binance.com/en/community)[](https://www.tiktok.com/@binance?lang=en)[](https://www.facebook.com/binance)[](https://twitter.com/binance)[](https://www.reddit.com/r/binance)[](https://www.instagram.com/Binance/)[](https://coinmarketcap.com/exchanges/binance/)[](https://www.youtube.com/binanceyoutube)[](https://www.binance.com/en/community)

USD-$

USD-$

AED-د.إ

ARS-ARS$

AUD-A$

BDT-৳

BGN-лв

BHD-.د.ب

BOB-$b

BRL-R$

CAD-C$

CHF-CHF

CNY-¥

COP-COL$

CZK-Kč

DKK-KR

EGP-E£

EUR-€

GBP-£

HKD-HKD

HRK-kn

HUF-Ft

IDR-Rp

INR-₹

JPY-¥

KES-KSh

KWD-ك.د

KZT-₸

MAD-م.د.

MNT-₮

MXN-Mex$

NZD-NZ$

OMR-ر.ع.

PEN-S/.

PHP-₱

PKR-₨

PLN-zł

QAR-ر.ق

RON-lei

RUB-₽

SAR-ر.س

SEK-kr

THB-฿

TRY-₺

TWD-NT$

UAH-₴

UGX-USh

VES-Bs

VND-₫

ZAR-R

Theme

USD

Theme

### About Us

  * [About](https://www.binance.com/en/about)
  * [Careers](https://www.binance.com/en/careers)
  * [Announcements](https://www.binance.com/en/support/announcement)
  * [News](https://www.binance.com/en/square/news/all)
  * [Press](https://www.binance.com/en/press)
  * [Legal](https://www.binance.com/en/legal/home)
  * [Terms](https://www.binance.com/en/terms)
  * [Privacy](https://www.binance.com/en/about-legal/privacy-portal)
  * [Building Trust](https://www.binance.com/en/land/building_trust)
  * [Blog](https://www.binance.com/en/blog)
  * [Community](https://www.binance.com/en/community)
  * [Sitemap](https://www.binance.com/en/country-region-selector)
  * [Risk Warning](https://www.binance.com/en/risk-warning)
  * [Notices](https://www.binance.com/en/support/list/notices)
  * [Downloads](https://www.binance.com/en/download)
  * [Desktop Application](https://www.binance.com/en/desktop-download)

### Products

  * [Exchange](https://www.binance.com/en/trade)
  * [Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/buy-sell-crypto)
  * [Leveraged Tokens](https://www.binance.com/en/leveraged-tokens/tokens/allTokens)
  * [TradingView](https://www.binance.com/en/land/tradingview)
  * [Pay](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/payment)
  * [Academy](https://academy.binance.com/en)
  * [Live](https://www.binance.com/en/live)
  * [Tax](https://www.binance.com/en/tax)
  * [Gift Card](https://www.binance.com/en/gift-card)
  * [Launchpad & Launchpool](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)
  * [Auto-Invest](https://www.binance.com/en/auto-invest)
  * [ETH Staking](https://www.binance.com/en/eth2)
  * [NFT](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/home)
  * [BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/bnb)
  * [BABT](https://www.binance.com/en/BABT?source=footer)
  * [Research](https://www.binance.com/en/research)
  * [Charity](https://www.binance.charity)

### Business

  * [P2P Merchant Application](https://c2c.binance.com/en/merchantApplication)
  * [P2Pro Merchant Application](https://p2p.binance.com/en/p2pro)
  * [Listing Application](https://www.binance.com/en/my/coin-apply)
  * [Institutional & VIP Services](https://www.binance.com/en/vip-institutional-services)
  * [Labs](https://labs.binance.com/)

### Learn

  * [Learn & Earn](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn)
  * [Browse Crypto Prices](https://www.binance.com/en/price)
  * [Bitcoin Price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/bitcoin)
  * [Ethereum Price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/ethereum)
  * [Browse Crypto Price Predictions](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction)
  * [Bitcoin Price Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction/bitcoin)
  * [Ethereum Price Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction/ethereum)
  * [Buy Bitcoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bitcoin)
  * [Buy BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bnb)
  * [Buy Ripple](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/xrp)
  * [Buy Dogecoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/dogecoin)
  * [Buy Ethereum](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/ethereum)
  * [Buy Tradable Altcoins](https://www.binance.com/en/altcoins/tradable)

### Service

  * [Affiliate](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/affiliate)
  * [Referral](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/referral?utm_source=Lite_web_footer)
  * [OTC Trading](https://www.binance.com/en/otc)
  * [Historical Market Data](https://www.binance.com/en/landing/data)
  * [Proof of Reserves](https://www.binance.com/en/proof-of-reserves)

### Support

  * [24/7 Chat Support](https://www.binance.com/en/chat?sourceEntry=4)
  * [Support Center](https://www.binance.com/en/support)
  * [Product Feedback & Suggestions](https://www.binance.com/en/my/user-support/feedback/entry)
  * [Fees](https://www.binance.com/en/fee/schedule)
  * [APIs](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-api)
  * [Binance Verify](https://www.binance.com/en/official-verification)
  * [Trading Rules](https://www.binance.com/en/trade-rule)
  * [Binance Airdrop Portal](https://www.binance.com/en/airdrop)
  * [Law Enforcement Requests](https://www.binance.com/en/support/law-enforcement)

Binance© 2024Cookie Preferences

