[ New: Wallet recovery made easy with Ledger Recover, provided by Coincover
Get started ](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-recover)

[ ![Ledger Academy](https://www.ledger.com/wp-
content/themes/ledger-v2/public/images/ledger-academy-logo-long.svg)
](https://www.ledger.com/academy "Ledger Academy")

  * [ Shop Ledger ](https://shop.ledger.com/)
  * [ Learn and earn  ](https://quest.ledger.com)
  * [ Search __](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library)
  * [ Crypto Glossary ](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary)
  * Topics
    * [Blockchain](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/blockchain)
    * [Crypto](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/crypto)
    * [DAOs](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/daos)
    * [DeFi](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/defi)
    * [Economics and Regulation](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/economics-and-regulation)
    * [Ledger solutions](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/ledgersolutions)
    * [Metaverse](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/metaverse)
    * [NFTs](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/nfts)
    * [Scams](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/scams)
    * [Security](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/security)
    * [Tutorials](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/tutorials)
  * Series
    * [Enter The Donjon](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/enter-the-donjon)
    * [How I Got Hacked](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/how-i-got-hacked)
    * [Keep Your Crypto Safe](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/get-your-crypto-safe)
    * [Ledger How To's](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/ledger-how-tos)
    * [On The Ledger](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/on-the-ledger)
    * [Reading Room](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/reading-room)
    * [School of Block](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/school-of-block)
  * [Start learning](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-web-30-everything-you-need-to-know)
  * English
    * This page is available in English only

  * The Classroom __
    * A) Welcome to Web3
      * [What is Web 3.0?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-web-30-everything-you-need-to-know "What is Web 3.0?")
      * [What Is Blockchain?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-blockchain "What Is Blockchain?")
      * [Blockchain: Where It Started, Where It’s Going](https://www.ledger.com/academy/blockchain-generations-explained "Blockchain: Where It Started, Where It’s Going")
      * [What Is Cryptocurrency?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-cryptocurrency "What Is Cryptocurrency?")
      * [How Many Cryptocurrencies Are There?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/how-many-cryptos-are-there "How Many Cryptocurrencies Are There?")
    * B) How to secure your crypto
      * [What Is a Private Key?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/whats-a-private-key "What Is a Private Key?")
      * [What Is a Crypto Wallet?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/2-how-to-own-crypto/what-is-a-crypto-wallet "What Is a Crypto Wallet?")
      * [What is a Seed Phrase (Secret Recovery Phrase)?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/2-how-to-own-crypto/whats-a-secret-recovery-phrase "What is a Seed Phrase \(Secret Recovery Phrase\)?")
      * [Crypto Threats: How Crypto Gets Stolen](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/2-how-to-own-crypto/how-crypto-gets-stolen-risks-to-beware-of "Crypto Threats: How Crypto Gets Stolen")
    * C) What is Ledger?
      * [What is Ledger? The Ledger Ecosystem Explained](https://www.ledger.com/academy/ledger-nano-the-safest-way-to-manage-crypto "What is Ledger? The Ledger Ecosystem Explained")
      * [Ledger’s Security Model: How Are Ledger Devices Secured?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/ledgers-ecosystem/why-is-ledger-nano-so-secure "Ledger’s Security Model: How Are Ledger Devices Secured?")
      * [Ledger Live App: Buy, Sell, Stake and Swap Crypto](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/ledgers-ecosystem/ledger-live-app-buying-selling-staking-and-swapping-crypto "Ledger Live App: Buy, Sell, Stake and Swap Crypto")
    * D) Web3 security essentials
      * [Web3 Scams: Common Crypto Scams and How To Avoid Them](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/web3-security-essentials/web3-scams-explained "Web3 Scams: Common Crypto Scams and How To Avoid Them")
      * [Do Your Own Research (DYOR): How to Investigate Crypto Projects](https://www.ledger.com/academy/do-your-own-research-how-to-investigate-crypto-projects "Do Your Own Research \(DYOR\): How to Investigate Crypto Projects")
      * [How to Migrate Your Crypto to Ledger](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/web3-security-essentials/how-to-secure-your-crypto-on-a-ledger-nano "How to Migrate Your Crypto to Ledger")
    * E) Digital Assets Explained
      * [Crypto Coins and Tokens: Their Use-Cases Explained](https://www.ledger.com/academy/crypto/what-is-the-difference-between-coins-and-tokens "Crypto Coins and Tokens: Their Use-Cases Explained")
      * [What Are Stablecoins?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-are-stablecoins "What Are Stablecoins?")
      * [What Are Memecoins?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-are-memecoins "What Are Memecoins?")
      * [Digital Assets Beyond Currency](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/blockchain/digital-assets-beyond-currency-explained "Digital Assets Beyond Currency")
    * F) Blockchain Basics
      * [How Does a Blockchain Transaction Work?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/how-does-a-blockchain-transaction-work "How Does a Blockchain Transaction Work?")
      * [Crypto Nodes: What Are They And How Do They Work?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-a-node-and-why-should-i-operate-one "Crypto Nodes: What Are They And How Do They Work?")
      * [What Is a Mempool?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-a-mempool "What Is a Mempool?")
      * [Consensus Mechanisms: How Blockchains Stay Secure](https://www.ledger.com/academy/consensus-protocols-how-are-blockchains-secure "Consensus Mechanisms: How Blockchains Stay Secure")
    * G) Wallet Knowledge (Leveling Up)
      * [What Is a Software Wallet?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/what-is-a-software-wallet "What Is a Software Wallet?")
      * [What Is a Hardware Wallet?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/crypto-hardware-wallet "What Is a Hardware Wallet?")
      * [What Is a Cold Wallet?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/what-is-a-cold-wallet "What Is a Cold Wallet?")
      * [How To Choose a Crypto Wallet](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/choose-the-best-crypto-wallet-for-you "How To Choose a Crypto Wallet")
    * H) Buy it, Sell it, Swap it, Earn it
      * [Why Use Ledger Live For Payments and Transactions?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/the-power-of-ledger-live "Why Use Ledger Live For Payments and Transactions?")
      * [Buying Crypto Through Ledger Live](https://www.ledger.com/academy/benefits-of-buying-crypto-through-ledger-live "Buying Crypto Through Ledger Live")
      * [How To Swap Your Crypto Securely Via Ledger Live](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/ledgersolutions/ledger-swap-the-most-secure-way-to-exchange-your-crypto "How To Swap Your Crypto Securely Via Ledger Live")
      * [Earn Crypto With Ledger Live: Staking Made Easy](https://www.ledger.com/academy/earn-crypto-with-ledger-live-staking-made-easy "Earn Crypto With Ledger Live: Staking Made Easy")
    * I) Blockchain Sleuthing: Become a Crypto Detective
      * [What is a Blockchain Sleuth?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/what-is-a-blockchain-sleuth "What is a Blockchain Sleuth?")
      * [Top Blockchain Sleuths: How 5 Crypto Detectives Rose To Fame](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/top-blockchain-sleuths "Top Blockchain Sleuths: How 5 Crypto Detectives Rose To Fame")
      * [Through the Eyes of a Sleuth: The Nomad Bridge Hack](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/nomad-bridge-hack "Through the Eyes of a Sleuth: The Nomad Bridge Hack")
      * [Best Tools For Blockchain Detectives](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/blockchain-detective-tools "Best Tools For Blockchain Detectives")
      * [How to Catch Criminals on the Blockchain](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/how-to-catch-crypto-criminals "How to Catch Criminals on the Blockchain")
    * J) Wallet Knowledge II - The Evolution of Crypto Storage
      * [Public Vs Private Keys: Understanding PKC in Crypto](https://www.ledger.com/academy/blockchain/what-are-public-keys-and-private-keys "Public Vs Private Keys: Understanding PKC in Crypto")
      * [BIP-32: Understanding Hierarchical Deterministic Wallets](https://www.ledger.com/academy/crypto/what-are-hierarchical-deterministic-hd-wallets "BIP-32: Understanding Hierarchical Deterministic Wallets")
      * [Understanding BIP-39: The Origin of Your Seed Phrase](https://www.ledger.com/academy/bip-39-the-low-key-guardian-of-your-crypto-freedom "Understanding BIP-39: The Origin of Your Seed Phrase")
      * [How Does A Crypto Wallet Work?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/how-does-a-crypto-wallet-work "How Does A Crypto Wallet Work?")
  * Topics __
    * [Blockchain](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/blockchain "Blockchain")
    * [Crypto](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/crypto "Crypto")
    * [DAOs](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/daos "DAOs")
    * [DeFi](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/defi "DeFi")
    * [Economics and Regulation](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/economics-and-regulation "Economics and Regulation")
    * [Ledger solutions](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/ledgersolutions "Ledger solutions")
    * [Metaverse](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/metaverse "Metaverse")
    * [NFTs](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/nfts "NFTs")
    * [Scams](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/scams "Scams")
    * [Security](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/security "Security")
    * [Tutorials](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/tutorials "Tutorials")
  * Series __
    * [Enter The Donjon](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/enter-the-donjon "Enter The Donjon")
    * [How I Got Hacked](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/how-i-got-hacked "How I Got Hacked")
    * [Keep Your Crypto Safe](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/get-your-crypto-safe "Keep Your Crypto Safe")
    * [Ledger How To's](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/ledger-how-tos "Ledger How To's")
    * [On The Ledger](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/on-the-ledger "On The Ledger")
    * [Reading Room](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/reading-room "Reading Room")
    * [School of Block](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/school-of-block "School of Block")
  * [ Shop Ledger ](https://shop.ledger.com/ "Shop Ledger")
  * [ Learn and earn  ](https://quest.ledger.com "Learn and earn")
  * [ Search __](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library "Search")
  * [ Crypto Glossary ](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary "Crypto Glossary")
  * English
    * This page is available in English only

### Up your Web3 game

## Ledger Academy Quests

  * __ Test your knowledge
  * __ Earn POK NFTs

[Play now](https://quest.ledger.com "Play now") [See all
quests](https://quest.ledger.com/quests "See all quests")

[__](https://www.youtube.com/Ledger "Ledger
Youtube")[__](https://twitter.com/Ledger "Ledger
Twitter")[__](https://www.reddit.com/r/ledgerwallet/ "Ledger
Reddit")[__](https://www.facebook.com/Ledger/ "Ledger
Facebook")[__](https://www.linkedin.com/company/ledgerhq "Ledger LinkedIn")

  * [Ledger Academy ](https://www.ledger.com/academy "Ledger Academy ") __
  * [Crypto](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/crypto "Crypto") __
  * ... __
  * What Is Ethereum Restaking?

# What Is Ethereum Restaking?

By **Ola Kalejaye**

Apr 4, 2024 | **Updated Apr 4, 2024**

Beginner

SHARE

[](https://www.instagram.com/ledger
"Instagram")[](https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?u=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fwhat-
is-ethereum-restaking
"Facebook")[](http://twitter.com/intent/tweet?via=ledger&text=What%20Is%20Ethereum%20Restaking%3F&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fwhat-
is-ethereum-restaking "Twitter")[](https://www.linkedin.com/sharing/share-
offsite/?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fwhat-is-ethereum-
restaking
"Linkedin")[](http://reddit.com/submit?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fwhat-
is-ethereum-restaking&title=What%20Is%20Ethereum%20Restaking%3F "Reddit")

![Coins spiraling in a circle](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2023/03/06_Crypto_Cover_Purple-
Tint-1024x432.jpg) KEY TAKEAWAYS:  
---  
— Ethereum restaking is a novel concept that aims to extend the cryptoeconomic
security of Ethereum to new protocols while compounding rewards for stakers.  
  
— The process involves using staked Ether or Liquid Staking Tokens to
simultaneously stake on another Ethereum protocol, which some commentators
warn could ultimately compromise the base network’s resilience.  
  
— EigenLayer, the protocol that introduced restaking, sees it as a way to
supercharge innovation in the Ethereum ecosystem by establishing pooled
decentralized security.  
  
As the heart of all blockchain networks, the importance of consensus
mechanisms can’t be overstated. In the case of the world’s second-largest
cryptocurrency, Ethereum, its proof-of-stake consensus model is a crucial part
of its security and function. At present, the Ethereum network is shored up by
nearly 1 million network validators and over 31 million staked Ether, lending
it formidable security.

Of course, creating a network of validators even a fraction of the size of
Ethereum’s is a challenging and costly task. This serves as a major roadblock
for new and emerging protocols in the ecosystem, stifling what might otherwise
be promising innovations.

But what if there was a way to leverage Ethereum’s established security for
new projects being built on the network? Could that unlock a whole new level
of progress for the ecosystem as a whole?

That’s the thinking behind Ethereum restaking, a concept that wants to share
Ethereum’s validator network for the benefit of new protocols, stakers, and
the Ethereum community at large.

But just what is ETH restaking? How does it work, and are there any risks when
it comes to restaking your ETH? In this article, Ledger Academy will walk you
through all of that and more.

## Ethereum Staking and Restaking: Explained

To understand restaking, let’s take a step back and look at what staking is
and how it works on the Ethereum network.

### **How Does Ethereum Staking Work?**

[Ethereum staking](https://www.ledger.com/academy/ethereum-staking-how-to-
stake-eth) is the basis for the network’s proof-of-stake consensus model. One
way to look at staking is as a collateral system that helps keep Ethereum
secure.

If someone wants to act as an Ethereum validator, they must first put up a
stake of (at least) 32 ETH. In return for processing transactions, they
receive staking rewards. Conversely, if the validator acts dishonestly or does
anything that could harm the network, they may lose their staked ETH via a
process called
[slashing](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/blockchain/what-is-slashing).

### **What is Ethereum Restaking**?

As the name implies, Ethereum restaking is the process of taking ETH that has
already been staked on Ethereum and using it to simultaneously secure other
decentralized protocols. As with normal staking, restaking earns users staking
rewards from the protocol(s) they help to secure.

While earning extra rewards is a major incentive for restaking, it isn’t the
main reason for the concept. The larger idea behind restaking is so that less
developed protocols can take advantage of Ethereum’s robust community of
network validators: something that is costly and resource-intensive to do
otherwise.

Notably, the restaking mechanism did not come about as the result of an
[Ethereum Improvement Proposal (EIP)](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-
the-ethereum-roadmap-next-upgrades) or the Ethereum Roadmap. Rather, it was
designed by a third-party protocol, EigenLayer.

## EigenLayer: The Origin of ETH Restaking

Founded in 2021, EigenLayer is an Ethereum middleware platform, which simply
means that it sits between the Layer 1 network and other applications,
allowing them to interact. As of yet, EigenLayer is the only decentralized
protocol that offers ETH restaking.

EigenLayer deploys Ethereum smart contracts that allow stakers to restake
their ETH on compatible protocols. The platform also acts as a staking
marketplace, allowing the three main parties involved—stakers, network
validators, and protocols—to find each other.

Since its initial launch in June 2023, EigenLayer has enjoyed massive growth,
becoming one of the largest blockchain protocols out there. Over $10 billion
worth of ETH has been restaked through EigenLayer, giving it a higher [total
value locked (TVL)](https://defillama.com/protocols) than major DeFi platforms
such as [Aave](https://defillama.com/protocols), [Rocket
Pool](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/defi/what-is-aave), and Uniswap.

EigenLayer’s rapid ascent speaks to an obvious demand for restaking and the
added rewards that it brings users. But how exactly do users earn these
rewards? To understand fully, let’s dive into how Ethereum restaking works

## How Does Restaking ETH Work?

Currently, EigenLayer is the only option you have to restake your ETH. So
let’s explore how this project approaches the mechanism.

### **Smart Contracts: EigenPod  **

Restaking on EigenLayer allows its smart contracts to place additional
slashing conditions on your staked ETH. This is how EigenLayer extends
Ethereum’s security to the protocols In its ecosystem, which it calls Actively
Validated Services (AVSs). If a restaking validator doesn’t perform their
duties for their AVS, they are subject to having their ETH stake slashed.

This happens through on-chain slashing contracts and specific smart contracts
called EigenPods. You can think of these as an additional account that sits
between a restaker’s wallet and their stake. Staking withdrawals and rewards
all have to go through the EigenPod before going to a validator’s account,
which gives EigenLayer the ability to enact penalties on validators who act
poorly.

### **Native Restaking vs. Liquid Restaking**

Native restaking follows a similar process to natively staking ETH, meaning
that this option is only available to those willing to run (or already
running) an Ethereum validator node. The only difference with native restaking
is that an EigenPod becomes the withdrawal address for your stake.

As for liquid restaking, it’s important to first consider how [liquid
staking](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/defi/what-is-liquid-staking)
works.

Similarly to native staking, liquid staking involves locking tokens up in a
smart contract. The key difference, however, is that the liquid staking
platform then gives you liquid staking tokens (LSTs) in return. You can then
use these LSTs as you would any other token on DeFi applications. [Liquid
restaking](https://docs.eigenlayer.xyz/eigenlayer/restaking-guides/restaking-
user-guide/liquid-restaking/), therefore, is when users deposit LSTs into the
EigenLayer contracts.

EigenLayer currently supports staking for 12 LSTs, including popular options
like Rocket Pool Ether (rETH), [Lido Staked Ether
(stETH)](https://lido.fi/ethereum), and Coinbase Staked Ether (cbETH).

Significantly, some platforms expand liquid restaking utility even further.
For example, the protocols Renzo and EtherFi both serve as liquid restaking
platforms for EigenLayer. These protocols accept users’ LSTs and give them
Liquid Restaking/Receipt Tokens (LRTs) in return.

Several liquid restaking platforms have emerged recently, looking to expand
restaking utility even further. Similarly to liquid staking, users restake
their LSTs with these platforms and receive Liquid Restaking/Receipt Tokens
(LRTs) in return.

### **Delegation**

Once you have successfully staked your ETH or deposited your LSTs, you then
have to delegate your stake. The entities that you delegate to – the ones
directly helping to run Actively Validated Services on EigenLayer – are called
operators.

Similarly to staking ETH, there are two options here. You can either act as an
operator and self-delegate, or you can delegate your stake to an existing
operator. While simply delegating your stake to an operator is the simplest
option, self-delegation gives you more control and responsibility.
Importantly, stakers can not dictate to operators what AVS they operate.

## What Are the Benefits of Restaking ETH?

### **More Rewards for ETH Stakers**

The clearest benefit of restaking Ether is that it compounds rewards for
stakers. While the exact rate of staking rewards fluctuates over time and
varies depending on the staking platform, ETH stakers can expect an annual
percentage yield of roughly 3%. In other words, you would earn around 3% of
the amount you stake over one year.

By restaking, you can supplement your ETH staking rewards with rewards from
multiple other protocols. Of course, the rate of rewards will depend on the
specific AVS that your staked ETH is going towards.

### **Lower Costs for Startup Protocols  **

The other major benefit of ETH restaking is how it lowers costs for new
protocols being built on Ethereum. To explain, before the arrival of
restaking, new protocols would have to go through the costly process of
developing their own validator networks. Thanks to restaking, new protocols
can now take advantage of Ethereum’s well-developed validator network. This
concept, where decentralized protocols can share validator-powered security,
is known as pooled security.

### **Avoids Layer 2 Restrictions**

Due to the high costs associated with launching a new protocol on Ethereum,
projects previously went to Layer 2 blockchains as a solution. While these
networks can lower costs for new protocols, they also come with some
drawbacks.

The design of some Layer 2 chains can lead to certain constraints on protocol
architecture such as customization options and the kinds of transactions a
protocol can access. Staying and building on Ethereum and using the pooled
security that restaking brings means that protocols are freer to build the
architecture that best suits their needs, without constraints.

Besides being good for the individual protocols, this is also a major benefit
to the Ethereum ecosystem as a whole. The more protocols that can be built on
Layer 1, the more innovation can happen without liquidity siphoning off to
other chains.

## What Are the Risks of Restaking?

### **Increases The Risk of Slashing  **

As previously mentioned, slashing is a vital component of proof-of-stake
systems that helps to keep participants honest. That being said, the nature of
slashing means that it can also have negative consequences for people even
when they’re not doing any explicit harm to the network.

For example, many ETH stakers do not act as network validators themselves,
meaning that they simply delegate their stake to a validator. If their
delegated validator behaved poorly, these stakers could still stand to lose
their stake to slashing.

Slashing can also be a risk even for validators who are acting honestly. To
sum up briefly, because validators can get a slashing penalty if their node
goes offline, many validators set up backup rigs. However, if the network
detects the same validator keys coming from two different servers, it also
punishes this with slashing (to prevent [double-
spending](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/double-spending)).

That’s all to say that, no matter how it is done, staking always comes with
some level of slashing risk. Therefore by restaking, you are necessarily
increasing the risk that you could become subject to slashing.

### **Effect on ETH Liquidity**

Although restaking arguably works to keep more ETH within the ecosystem, you
must remember that staked ETH is not available. Not to mention that even when
you unstake your restaked ETH, you will likely have to wait longer than you
would otherwise to withdraw it.

### **Centralization Concerns**

If more restaking protocols like EigenLayer entice enough people with the
promise of higher staking rewards, this could lead to fewer independent
stakers, and more people staking via such protocols. This effectively causes
staking to become more centralized over time.

### **Concerns Around LRTs**

As previously mentioned, the growth of restaking has brought about a new class
of instruments: liquid restaking tokens (LRTs). As these tokens mimic the
surge in popularity of LSTs, it’s important to be aware of the risks they
carry.

For one thing, there’s the convoluted nature of LRTs. After all, an LRT is a
token representing a staked token, which is itself a representation of a
staked token. This added complexity raises questions on exactly how LRT
providers will distribute losses and gains.

Add onto this the newness of the asset class, and there are likely to be some
hiccups as platforms look to hook new users with promises of large yields and
unproven tokenomics.

### **Potential Effect on Ethereum’s Social Consensus**

Finally, some believe that using Ethereum’s validator network as the basis of
pooled security can have a destabilizing effect on the base network. One such
critic is none other than Ethereum co-founder, Vitalik Buterin.

In a [May 2023 blog
post](https://vitalik.eth.limo/general/2023/05/21/dont_overload.html), Buterin
examines the growing trend of protocols leveraging Ethereum’s validator
network and argues that certain use cases can introduce high systemic risks to
the ecosystem. Specifically, Buterin warns that protocols relying on
Ethereum’s social consensus could be a slippery slope.

Ethereum’s social consensus refers to the large global community of Ethereum
developers and other users, who are constantly monitoring the network. This
social consensus is vital for the health of the network, as the community can
always act to secure the network if its cryptoeconomic consensus fails due to
a bug or attack.

Buterin’s concern is that the people building protocols could begin to view
[hard forks](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-a-fork) as a way of
bailing them out if anything goes wrong. Ultimately, he goes on to say that as
long as projects only seek to use Ethereum’s validator set, and not its social
consensus, they remain low risk. Notably, EigenLayer founder, Sreeram Kannan,
agrees with Buterin’s conclusions,
[reiterating](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-a-fork) that an Ethereum
fork should never be viewed as a potential solution for a protocol’s issues.

## How To Restake ETH on EigenLayer

There are two ways to use EigenLayer to restake Ether: native restaking and
liquid restaking.

### **How to initiate Native restaking on EigenLayer**

Here’s how you can natively restake ETH on EigenLayer:  

  1. Connect your wallet to the EigenLayer App, ensuring you are connected to the Ethereum mainnet.
  2. Click “Create EigenPod”
  3. If you are successful, you will see the EigenPod address come up on the right of your screen.
  4. Now that you have your Eigen Pod address, you can deposit your 32 ETH stake to the Beacon Chain just as you normally would to stake ETH. 
  5. The key step here is that you must set the EigenPod address as the withdrawal credentials for your staking rewards. 
  6. Once you deposit your stake, it takes about four hours to finalize. After that, you’re free to choose an operator to delegate your stake to.

### **How to initiate Liquid restaking on EigenLayer**

If you’re looking to get involved in liquid staking you can take the following
steps to deposit your LSTs into EigenLayer.

_Remember, you can easily exchange ETH for LSTs through_[ _Stader
Labs_](https://support.ledger.com/hc/en-us/articles/14226917239069-How-to-
stake-ETH-with-Stader-through-Ledger-Live?docs=true) _or_[
_Lido_](https://support.ledger.com/hc/en-us/articles/14226917239069-How-to-
stake-ETH-with-Stader-through-Ledger-Live?docs=true) _directly from Ledger
Live._

  1. Connect your wallet to the [EigenLayer app](https://app.eigenlayer.xyz/), ensuring you are connected to the Ethereum mainnet.
  2. Select the LST you want to restake from the list.
  3. Enter the amount of LSTs you want to restake and click “Deposit”. If it’s your first time depositing an LST you’ll need to set a token approval in order to restake.
  4. After confirming the token approval, you can confirm the deposit transaction.
  5. If the transaction is successful, you’ll see your deposit in your “Restaked balance” on the app.

## The Future of Ethereum Restaking and Pooled Blockchain Security

All in all, Ethereum restaking is a thoroughly exciting proposition that has
brought the concept of pooled security to the forefront of blockchain
innovation. Not only can it increase the benefits of staking Ethereum, but it
also creates exciting opportunities for up-and-coming blockchain protocols.

And if you’re ready to jump into the world of Ethereum staking and staking
rewards then look no further than Ledger! [Staking
Ether](https://www.ledger.com/staking-ethereum) on Ledger Live couldn’t be
easier. When paired with the power of self-custody unlocked by [Ledger
devices](https://shop.ledger.com/), you’ll have everything to take on the
world of Ethereum staking.

So what are you waiting for? Find the Ledger device that’s right for you and
start enjoying the freedom of secure self-custody.

**Ola Kalejaye**  

**SHARE**

[](https://www.instagram.com/ledger
"Instagram")[](https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?u=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fwhat-
is-ethereum-restaking
"Facebook")[](http://twitter.com/intent/tweet?via=ledger&text=What%20Is%20Ethereum%20Restaking%3F&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fwhat-
is-ethereum-restaking "Twitter")[](https://www.linkedin.com/sharing/share-
offsite/?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fwhat-is-ethereum-
restaking
"Linkedin")[](http://reddit.com/submit?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fwhat-
is-ethereum-restaking&title=What%20Is%20Ethereum%20Restaking%3F "Reddit")

  

Related Resources

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/best-ethereum-wallets)

[The Best Ethereum Wallets in
2024](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/best-ethereum-wallets)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/nfts/erc-404-tokens-what-are-they-
and-how-do-they-work)

[ERC-404 Tokens: What Are They, and How Do They
Work](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/nfts/erc-404-tokens-what-are-they-
and-how-do-they-work)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/defi/what-is-rocket-pool)

[What Is Rocket Pool?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/defi/what-is-
rocket-pool)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-the-ethereum-roadmap-next-upgrades)

[What Is the Ethereum Roadmap: Upgrades in 2024 and
Beyond](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-the-ethereum-roadmap-next-
upgrades)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/crypto/how-to-create-an-ethereum-
wallet)

[How To Create an Ethereum
Wallet](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/crypto/how-to-create-an-
ethereum-wallet)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/crypto/what-is-an-ethereum-wallet-
and-how-does-it-work)

[What Is An Ethereum Wallet and How Does it
Work?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/crypto/what-is-an-ethereum-
wallet-and-how-does-it-work)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/how-to-send-ether-to-another-wallet)

[How To Send Ether to Another Wallet](https://www.ledger.com/academy/how-to-
send-ether-to-another-wallet)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/what-is-a-sybil-attack-in-
crypto)

[What Is a Sybil Attack in
Crypto?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/what-is-a-sybil-
attack-in-crypto)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/ethereum-token-approvals-explained)

[Ethereum Token Approvals Explained](https://www.ledger.com/academy/ethereum-
token-approvals-explained)

__Read

Beginner

### Stay in touch

Announcements can be found in our blog. Press contact:  
[media@ledger.com](mailto:media@ledger.com)

  * [__](https://www.reddit.com/r/ledgerwallet/ "Ledger Reddit")
  * [__](https://www.facebook.com/Ledger/ "Ledger Facebook")
  * [__](https://www.instagram.com/ledger/ "Ledger Instagram")
  * [__](https://twitter.com/Ledger "Ledger Twitter")
  * [__](https://www.youtube.com/Ledger "Ledger Youtube")
  * [__](https://www.linkedin.com/company/ledgerhq "Ledger Linkedin company")
  * [__](https://www.tiktok.com/@ledger "Ledger Tiktok")
  * [__](https://discord.com/invite/ledger "Ledger Discord")

### Subscribe to our  
newsletter

New coins supported, blog updates and exclusive offers directly in your inbox

  

Enter your email

Register to newsletter

Your email address will only be used to send you our newsletter, as well as
updates and offers. You can unsubscribe at any time using the link included in
the newsletter.

[Learn more about how we manage your data and your
rights.](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/privacy-notice#ledger-newsletter)

__

[![](https://www.ledger.com/wp-content/themes/ledger-v2/public/images/ledger-
logo-long.svg)](https://www.ledger.com "Ledger")

  * English
    * This page is available in English only

Copyright © Ledger SAS. All rights reserved. Ledger, Ledger Stax, Ledger Nano
S, Ledger Vault, Bolos are trademarks owned by Ledger SAS.  
  
1 rue du Mail, 75002 Paris, France  
  
Payment methods  
![](/wp-content/uploads/2021/11/logo-paypal-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-crypto-s.png?v=6)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-bitpay-s.png?v=6)  
![](/wp-content/uploads/2021/11/layer1.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-visa-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-maestro-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-mastercard-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-cb-s.png?v=2)

  * Products
    * [Ledger Stax](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-stax)
    * [Ledger Nano X](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-nano-x)
    * [Ledger Nano S Plus](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-nano-s-plus)
    * [Compare our devices](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/hardware-wallets-comparison)
    * [Bundles](https://shop.ledger.com/#category-bundle)
    * [Accessories](https://shop.ledger.com/#category-accessories)
    * [All products](https://shop.ledger.com)
    * [Downloads](https://www.ledger.com/ledger-live)

  * Crypto Assets
    * [Bitcoin wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/bitcoin)
    * [Ethereum wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/ethereum)
    * [Cardano wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/cardano)
    * [XRP wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/ripple)
    * [Monero wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/monero)
    * [USDT wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/tether)
    * [See all assets](https://www.ledger.com/supported-crypto-assets)

  * Crypto Services
    * [Crypto Prices](https://www.ledger.com/coin/price)
    * [Buy crypto](https://www.ledger.com/buy)
    * [Staking crypto](https://www.ledger.com/staking)
    * [Swap crypto](https://www.ledger.com/swap)

  * For Business
    * [Ledger Enterprise Solutions](https://enterprise.ledger.com/)

  * For Startups
    * [Funding from Ledger Cathay Capital](https://www.ledger.com/cathay-ledger-fund)

  * For Developers
    * [The Developer Portal](https://developers.ledger.com/)

  * Get started
    * [Start using your Ledger device](https://www.ledger.com/start)
    * [Compatible wallets and services](https://www.ledger.com/ledger-wallets-and-services)
    * [How to buy Bitcoin](https://www.ledger.com/buy-bitcoin)
    * [Guide before buying bitcoin](https://www.ledger.com/buy-bitcoin/how)
    * [Bitcoin Hardware Wallet](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/bitcoin-hardware-wallet)

  * See also
    * [Support](https://support.ledger.com/hc)
    * [Bounty program](https://donjon.ledger.com/bounty/)
    * [Resellers](/reseller)
    * [Ledger Press Kit](https://www.ledger.com/press)
    * [Affiliates](https://www.ledgerwallet.com/affiliates/)
    * [Status](https://status.ledger.com/)
    * [Partners](/partners)

  * Careers
    * [Join us](https://www.ledger.com/career)
    * [All jobs](https://www.ledger.com/jobs)

  * About
    * [Our vision](https://www.ledger.com/blog/we-are-ledger-a-brand-vision)
    * [Ledger Academy](https://www.ledger.com/academy)
    * [The company](/the-company)
    * [The people](/the-people-behind-ledger)
    * [Diversity](https://www.ledger.com/diversity)
    * [Blog](/blog)

  * Legal
    * [Legal Center](https://www.ledger.com/legal-center)
    * [Sales Terms and Conditions](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/terms-and-conditions)
    * [Privacy Policy](https://www.ledger.com/privacy-policy)
    * [Disclaimers](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/disclaimers)

![](https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=237213137153741&ev=PageView&noscript=1)

![](https://t.co/1/i/adsct?bci=4&eci=3&event=%7B%7D&event_id=daa7f82f-2cf9-4039-b764-357432b42952&integration=gtm&p_id=Twitter&p_user_id=0&pl_id=37075b8e-9ec4-4b25-a549-ad5a9a814a95&tw_document_href=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fwhat-
is-ethereum-
restaking&tw_iframe_status=0&txn_id=nzkax&type=javascript&version=2.3.30)![](https://analytics.twitter.com/1/i/adsct?bci=4&eci=3&event=%7B%7D&event_id=daa7f82f-2cf9-4039-b764-357432b42952&integration=gtm&p_id=Twitter&p_user_id=0&pl_id=37075b8e-9ec4-4b25-a549-ad5a9a814a95&tw_document_href=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fwhat-
is-ethereum-
restaking&tw_iframe_status=0&txn_id=nzkax&type=javascript&version=2.3.30)

By clicking “Accept All Cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your
device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our
marketing efforts.

Cookies Settings Accept All Cookies

![Company Logo](https://cdn.cookielaw.org/logos/df21fb3f-71b8-491b-89ee-
eb777bcaf866/637ca236-af9d-4a40-815f-1b6a15af499d/ea9d9f41-35f0-4c24-9a83-1ef746863067/White_64.png)

## Privacy Preference Center

  * ### Your Privacy

  * ### Strictly Necessary Cookies

  * ### Performance Cookies

  * ### Functional Cookies

  * ### Targeting Cookies

  * ### Social Media Cookies

#### Your Privacy

When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your
browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you,
your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as
you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but
it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your
right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on
the different category headings to find out more and change our default
settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience
of the site and the services we are able to offer.  
[More information](https://cookiepedia.co.uk/giving-consent-to-cookies)

#### Strictly Necessary Cookies

Always Active

These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched
off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by
you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy
preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block
or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then
work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.

View Vendor Details‎

#### Performance Cookies

Performance Cookies

These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure
and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are
the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All
information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If
you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our
site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.

View Vendor Details‎

#### Functional Cookies

Functional Cookies

These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and
personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose
services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then
some or all of these services may not function properly.

View Vendor Details‎

#### Targeting Cookies

Targeting Cookies

These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They
may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show
you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal
information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet
device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted
advertising.

View Vendor Details‎

#### Social Media Cookies

Social Media Cookies

These cookies are set by a range of social media services that we have added
to the site to enable you to share our content with your friends and networks.
They are capable of tracking your browser across other sites and building up a
profile of your interests. This may impact the content and messages you see on
other websites you visit. If you do not allow these cookies you may not be
able to use or see these sharing tools.

View Vendor Details‎

Back Button

### Vendors List

Filter Button

Consent Leg.Interest

checkbox label label

checkbox label label

checkbox label label

Clear

checkbox label label

Apply Cancel

Confirm My Choices

Allow All

[![Powered by
Onetrust](https://cdn.cookielaw.org/logos/static/powered_by_logo.svg)](https://www.onetrust.com/products/cookie-
consent/)

![](https://bat.bing.com/action/0?ti=134633242&tm=gtm002&Ver=2&mid=c5b3fa21-b412-4a8d-9ea9-6f42dd9049b0&sid=38327ae01cfd11efa89d0b0275ba2bee&vid=38328ae01cfd11efa258f3729f4edc8d&vids=1&msclkid=N&pi=918639831&lg=en-
US&sw=800&sh=600&sc=24&tl=What%20Is%20Ethereum%20Restaking%3F%20%7C%20Ledger&p=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fwhat-
is-ethereum-restaking&r=&lt=2376&evt=pageLoad&sv=1&rn=128154)

![dot image
pixel](https://sp.analytics.yahoo.com/sp.pl?a=10000&d=Tue%2C%2028%20May%202024%2014%3A18%3A57%20GMT&n=0&b=What%20Is%20Ethereum%20Restaking%3F%20%7C%20Ledger&.yp=10159916&f=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fwhat-
is-ethereum-restaking&enc=UTF-8&yv=1.15.1&tagmgr=gtm)

