  * **Wallet**[**Mobile App** The world of Web3 in your pocket](/download)[**Browser Extension** An optimized Web3 experience for desktop](/browser-extension)
  * **Features**[**Swaps** Swap securely and seamlessly](/swap)[**Staking** Earn crypto rewards while securing networks](/staking)[**NFTs** Explore the world of NFTs](/nft)[**Security** Learn how we keep your assets & Web3 journey safe](/security)[**Buy Crypto** Buy crypto in under five minutes](/buy-crypto)[**SWIFT: Smart Contract Wallet** Explore Web3 easily with account abstraction features](/swift)
  * **Build**[**Developer Docs** Get guides for building powerful Web3 applications](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/)[**Wallet Core** Open-source, mobile-focused crypto wallet library](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/wallet-core)[**Submit dApp** Get your dApp in front of millions](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-dapps)[**Get assets listed** Elevate your asset’s exposure](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-assets)
  * **Support**[**FAQ** Get answers to your most pressing questions](https://community.trustwallet.com/c/helpcenter/8)[**Community Forum** Connect with our vibrant and diverse community](https://community.trustwallet.com/)[**Contact Us** Reach out for personalized support](https://support.trustwallet.com/en/support/home)
  * **About**[**About Us** Discover who we are and what drives us](/about-us)[**Careers** Join us in shaping the future of Web3](/careers)[**Press Kit** Download our official logo and other media assets](/press)[**Blog** Stay up-to-date on Web3 trends and insights](/blog)[**Terms of Service** What you need to know to use our services](/terms-of-service)[**Privacy Policy** Your privacy matters, learn how we protect it](/privacy-policy)

DarkLightLanguage

[Download Trust Wallet](/download)

[](/)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.4edbb099.svg)[**Mobile App** The world
of Web3 in your pocket](/download)[**Browser Extension** An optimized Web3
experience for desktop](/browser-extension)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.e7c57d68.svg)[**Swaps** Swap securely
and seamlessly](/swap)[**Staking** Earn crypto rewards while securing
networks](/staking)[**NFTs** Explore the world of NFTs](/nft)[**Security**
Learn how we keep your assets & Web3 journey safe](/security)[**Buy Crypto**
Buy crypto in under five minutes](/buy-crypto)[**SWIFT: Smart Contract
Wallet** Explore Web3 easily with account abstraction features](/swift)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.b373ab3f.svg)[**Developer Docs** Get
guides for building powerful Web3
applications](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/)[**Wallet Core**
Open-source, mobile-focused crypto wallet
library](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/wallet-core)[**Submit
dApp** Get your dApp in front of
millions](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-dapps)[**Get
assets listed** Elevate your asset’s
exposure](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-assets)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.1211abf0.svg)[**FAQ** Get answers to
your most pressing
questions](https://community.trustwallet.com/c/helpcenter/8)[**Community
Forum** Connect with our vibrant and diverse
community](https://community.trustwallet.com/)[**Contact Us** Reach out for
personalized support](https://support.trustwallet.com/en/support/home)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.9a6dd06f.svg)[**About Us** Discover who
we are and what drives us](/about-us)[**Careers** Join us in shaping the
future of Web3](/careers)[**Press Kit** Download our official logo and other
media assets](/press)[**Blog** Stay up-to-date on Web3 trends and
insights](/blog)[**Terms of Service** What you need to know to use our
services](/terms-of-service)[**Privacy Policy** Your privacy matters, learn
how we protect it](/privacy-policy)

[](/)

WalletFeaturesBuildSupportAbout

Language

[Download](/download)

[Home](/)  >  [Blog](/blog)  >  [Blockchain](/blog?category=Blockchain)  >
[Bitcoin Transaction Fees: Explained](/blog/bitcoin-transaction-fees-
explained)

##### Blockchain

# Bitcoin Transaction Fees: Explained

Published on: Apr 30, 2024

##### Share post

[](https://facebook.com/trustwalletapp)[](https://github.com/trustwallet)[](https://instagram.com/trustwallet)[](https://twitter.com/trustwallet)[](https://discord.gg/trustwallet)[](https://reddit.com/r/trustapp)[](https://t.me/trustwallet)

  * **What are Bitcoin Transaction Fees?**
  * **The Recent Surge in Bitcoin Transaction Fees**
  * **Factors Affecting Bitcoin Transaction Fees**
  * **How to Send Bitcoin Using Trust Wallet**
  * **How to Receive Bitcoin Using Trust Wallet**

##### In Brief

Discover what influences Bitcoin transaction fees! Learn why they fluctuate,
from network congestion to market demand.

![Bitcoin Transaction Fees: Explained](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fbtc_transaction_fees_b7d6000765.png&w=3840&q=75)

Bitcoin transaction fees play a crucial role in facilitating the smooth
operation of the network. Understanding the dynamics behind these fees is
essential for anyone making Bitcoin transactions. Whether you’re a casual
investor, or a seasoned trader, we’re here to shed some light on Bitcoin
transaction fees. Let’s explore the factors that cause Bitcoin transaction
fees to rise and fall.

### Before You Get Started

Before you explore Bitcoin transaction fees in more detail, remember that you
can [buy Bitcoin](https://trustwallet.com/buy-crypto/bitcoin), as well as
sell, receive and store it safely using Trust Wallet.

Trust Wallet lets you manage and interact with 10M+ crypto assets across 100+
blockchains. You can download Trust Wallet as a mobile app, or you can install
the Trust Wallet Extension for your desktop browser.

![btc-transaction-fees-1.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fbtc_transaction_fees_1_5417e82a0b.png&w=3840&q=75)

[![Download-Trust-Wallet-Button.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2FDownload_Trust_Wallet_Button_3b2b015a21.png&w=3840&q=75)](https://short.trustwallet.com/TW-
SEOblog)

## What are Bitcoin Transaction Fees?

Bitcoin transaction fees are essential components of the Bitcoin network,
serving as incentives for [Bitcoin
miners](https://trustwallet.com/blog/demystifying-bitcoin-mining-a-beginners-
guide). [Bitcoin](https://trustwallet.com/bitcoin-wallet) relies on a peer-to-
peer network of computers to process and verify transactions. These computers,
called miners, compete to solve complex puzzles to secure the network.
Attached to every Bitcoin transaction is a fee to compensate miners for their
time and computing power. Users pay these fees to miners who validate and
confirm transactions, ensuring the integrity and security of the network.

The network calculates transaction fees based on various factors, including
the size of the transaction in bytes and the current network conditions. While
[Bitcoin](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.wallet.crypto.trustapp&referrer=utm_source%3Dseoblog)
transactions were initially processed with minimal or no fees, the growing
popularity of the network and various other factors have led to the widespread
adoption of transaction fees as a means to prioritize transactions.

## The Recent Surge in Bitcoin Transaction Fees

The recent surge in Bitcoin transaction fees stems from several factors, with
three key elements playing a significant role:

  * **The Bitcoin halving:** The most recent [Bitcoin Halving](https://trustwallet.com/blog/the-bitcoin-halving-key-factors-to-watch) occurred on 19 April 2024. This pre-programmed event cuts the block reward for miners in half. This reduction in miners' primary income source (newly minted Bitcoin) could incentivize them to prioritize transactions with higher fees to maintain their profitability. By reducing miner rewards, the halving could have pushed miners to become even more selective, further favoring transactions with higher fees for faster confirmation.

  * **Ordinals:** [Ordinals](https://trustwallet.com/blog/a-beginners-guide-to-brc-20) are a way to permanently inscribe data like text or images directly onto individual units of Bitcoin (Satoshis). While innovative, these Ordinals are much larger than typical Bitcoin transactions, requiring considerably more space within a block. This influx of bulky data has significantly contributed to recent network congestion.

  * **Runes:** Think of [Runes](https://trustwallet.com/blog/runes-protocol-explained) as a specific type of Ordinal, but with the ability to encode even more data. This additional data adds to their size, further exacerbating the congestion issue.

These new types of transactions compete for space alongside regular Bitcoin
transactions. With limited block space and miners prioritizing transactions
offering the most incentive (often higher fees).

![btc-transaction-fees-4.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fbtc_transaction_fees_4_18ff1cc885.png&w=3840&q=75)

## Factors Affecting Bitcoin Transaction Fees

Bitcoin transaction fees are subject to fluctuation, influenced by various
factors shaping the network's dynamics. Understanding these elements is vital
for anticipating fee variations and making informed decisions regarding
transaction prioritization. Here's a breakdown of the key factors that
influence Bitcoin transaction fees:

### Network Congestion

Network congestion is a recurring phenomenon in the Bitcoin ecosystem,
typically occurring during periods of heightened transaction activity.
Congestion occurs when the number of transactions awaiting confirmation
exceeds the available block space. Congestion on the Bitcoin network can cause
delays in transaction processing and increased fees.

During peak times, such as when there is a surge in user activity or
significant market events, the network experiences a backlog of unconfirmed
transactions. This backlog creates a competitive environment, with users
competing to have their transactions included in the next block by offering
higher fees. As a result, transaction fees can spike dramatically during
congested periods, reflecting the increased demand for block space and the
urgency of transaction confirmation.

### Transaction Size

The size of a Bitcoin transaction plays a crucial role in determining the
associated transaction fee. Transaction size is primarily influenced by the
number of inputs and outputs involved. Inputs refer to the Bitcoin being
spent, while outputs represent the receiving destination addresses.
Transactions with multiple inputs and outputs require storing more data on the
blockchain, resulting in larger transaction sizes. Consequently, these
transactions incur higher fees due to the increased computational resources
required for processing and validating them. Therefore, users aiming to
minimize fees should consolidate their inputs whenever possible and streamline
their transaction outputs, effectively reducing the overall size of their
transactions.

### Miner Incentives

Miners play a critical role in securing the Bitcoin network and processing
transactions. They act as the network's validators, dedicating significant
computational power to solve complex mathematical puzzles. These puzzles act
as a security measure, preventing unauthorized manipulation of the blockchain.

In return for their efforts, miners get rewarded with newly minted Bitcoin and
transaction fees attached to each confirmed transaction. Miners, however,
aren't obligated to process every transaction in the mempool (the pool of
unconfirmed transactions). They strategically select transactions to fill each
block, aiming to maximize their rewards while keeping the overall block size
efficient.

This is where transaction fees come into play. Higher fees incentivize miners
to prioritize specific transactions, including them in the next block for
faster confirmation.

### Market Demand

The overall activity level within the Bitcoin market significantly affects
transaction fees. Periods characterized by high trading volume, with a surge
in users buying and selling Bitcoin, often lead to increased network
congestion. As more users attempt to transact on the network, the competition
for limited block space intensifies. This heightened demand for faster
transaction processing translates to higher fees.

Conversely, during periods of lower trading activity, the network experiences
less congestion. With fewer transactions vying for confirmation, the urgency
for faster processing diminishes. Consequently, transaction fees may decrease
as the competition for block space subsides.

## How to Send Bitcoin Using Trust Wallet

You can send Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies using Trust Wallet, via our
trusted partners. Here’s how:

  * Select “Send” from the home screen.

  * Search for “Bitcoin” or “BTC” and select it.

  * Enter the wallet address you want to send Bitcoin to.

  * Enter the amount of Bitcoin you want to send.

  * Select the “Next” button and complete the remaining steps.

![btc-transaction-fees-2.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fbtc_transaction_fees_2_ad9da01fd0.png&w=3840&q=75)

## How to Receive Bitcoin Using Trust Wallet

In addition to [buying BTC](https://trustwallet.com/buy-crypto/bitcoin) using
Trust Wallet, you can also receive BTC from another [Bitcoin
wallet](https://trustwallet.com/bitcoin-wallet) or from a centralized
exchange. Here’s how:

  * Select “Receive” from the home screen.

  * Search for “Bitcoin” or “BTC” and select it.

From here you have two options. You can either:

  1. Copy your deposit address and use that on your exchange account or other wallet to send funds to.

  2. Use the “Deposit from exchange” option to deposit crypto from your exchange account.

![btc-transaction-fees-3.gif](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fbtc_transaction_fees_3_ea899de515.gif&w=3840&q=75)

### Closing Thoughts

Understanding Bitcoin transaction fees empowers you to make informed decisions
when sending Bitcoin. By considering factors like network congestion,
transaction size, miner incentives, and market demand, you can optimize your
transaction fees and ensure a smooth Bitcoin experience. Remember, the Bitcoin
ecosystem may introduce new factors impacting fees, so staying informed is
key.

[![Download-Trust-Wallet-Button.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2FDownload_Trust_Wallet_Button_3b2b015a21.png&w=3840&q=75)](https://short.trustwallet.com/TW-
SEOblog)

Join the Trust Wallet community on [Telegram](https://rebrand.ly/TW-Telegram-
Announcements) Follow us on [X (formerly Twitter)](https://rebrand.ly/TW-
Twitter-Blog) [Instagram](https://rebrand.ly/TW-Insta-Blog)
[Facebook](https://rebrand.ly/TW-FB-Blog) [Reddit](https://rebrand.ly/TW-
Reddit-Blog) [Warpcast](https://warpcast.com/trustwalletapp)

> **Note:** Any cited numbers, figures, or illustrations are reported at the
> time of writing, and are subject to change.

#### Simple and convenient to use, seamless to explore

[Download Trust Wallet](/download)

##### Stay Connected:

[](https://facebook.com/trustwalletapp)[](https://github.com/trustwallet)[](https://instagram.com/trustwallet)[](https://twitter.com/trustwallet)[](https://discord.gg/trustwallet)[](https://reddit.com/r/trustapp)[](https://t.me/trustwallet)

  * **Wallet**[Mobile App](/download)[Browser Extension](/browser-extension)
  * **Features**[Buy Crypto](/buy-crypto)[Swaps](/swap)[Staking](/staking)[NFTs](/nft)[Security](/security)[SWIFT: Smart Contract Wallet](/swift)
  * **Build**[Developer Docs](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/)[Wallet Core](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/wallet-core)[Submit dApp](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-dapps)[Get assets listed](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-assets)
  * **Support**[FAQ](https://community.trustwallet.com/c/helpcenter/8)[Community Forum](https://community.trustwallet.com/)[Contact Us](https://support.trustwallet.com/en/support/home)
  * **About**[About Us](/about-us)[Careers](/careers)[Press Kit](/press)[Terms of Service](/terms-of-service)[Privacy Policy](/privacy-policy)[Blog](/blog)
  * ![A-LIGN ISO 27701](/_next/static/media/image.8354ab2c.svg)![A-LIGN ISO 27001](/_next/static/media/image.7f0b3bc9.svg)

**Download Trust Wallet**

The most trusted & secure crypto wallet.

[Download for iOS](https://apps.apple.com/app/apple-
store/id1288339409?mt=8)[Download
Extension![Chrome](/_next/static/media/raw.7dd85797.svg)](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/trust-
wallet/egjidjbpglichdcondbcbdnbeeppgdph)[Download APK](/download/apk)[Download
for Android![App
Store](/_next/image?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Fimage.5ee64b2e.png&w=256&q=75)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.wallet.crypto.trustapp)

