  * **Wallet**[**Mobile App** The world of Web3 in your pocket](/download)[**Browser Extension** An optimized Web3 experience for desktop](/browser-extension)
  * **Features**[**Swaps** Swap securely and seamlessly](/swap)[**Staking** Earn crypto rewards while securing networks](/staking)[**NFTs** Explore the world of NFTs](/nft)[**Security** Learn how we keep your assets & Web3 journey safe](/security)[**Buy Crypto** Buy crypto in under five minutes](/buy-crypto)[**SWIFT: Smart Contract Wallet** Explore Web3 easily with account abstraction features](/swift)
  * **Build**[**Developer Docs** Get guides for building powerful Web3 applications](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/)[**Wallet Core** Open-source, mobile-focused crypto wallet library](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/wallet-core)[**Submit dApp** Get your dApp in front of millions](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-dapps)[**Get assets listed** Elevate your asset’s exposure](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-assets)
  * **Support**[**FAQ** Get answers to your most pressing questions](https://community.trustwallet.com/c/helpcenter/8)[**Community Forum** Connect with our vibrant and diverse community](https://community.trustwallet.com/)[**Contact Us** Reach out for personalized support](https://support.trustwallet.com/en/support/home)
  * **About**[**About Us** Discover who we are and what drives us](/about-us)[**Careers** Join us in shaping the future of Web3](/careers)[**Press Kit** Download our official logo and other media assets](/press)[**Blog** Stay up-to-date on Web3 trends and insights](/blog)[**Terms of Service** What you need to know to use our services](/terms-of-service)[**Privacy Policy** Your privacy matters, learn how we protect it](/privacy-policy)

DarkLightLanguage

[Download Trust Wallet](/download)

[](/)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.4edbb099.svg)[**Mobile App** The world
of Web3 in your pocket](/download)[**Browser Extension** An optimized Web3
experience for desktop](/browser-extension)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.e7c57d68.svg)[**Swaps** Swap securely
and seamlessly](/swap)[**Staking** Earn crypto rewards while securing
networks](/staking)[**NFTs** Explore the world of NFTs](/nft)[**Security**
Learn how we keep your assets & Web3 journey safe](/security)[**Buy Crypto**
Buy crypto in under five minutes](/buy-crypto)[**SWIFT: Smart Contract
Wallet** Explore Web3 easily with account abstraction features](/swift)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.b373ab3f.svg)[**Developer Docs** Get
guides for building powerful Web3
applications](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/)[**Wallet Core**
Open-source, mobile-focused crypto wallet
library](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/wallet-core)[**Submit
dApp** Get your dApp in front of
millions](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-dapps)[**Get
assets listed** Elevate your asset’s
exposure](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-assets)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.1211abf0.svg)[**FAQ** Get answers to
your most pressing
questions](https://community.trustwallet.com/c/helpcenter/8)[**Community
Forum** Connect with our vibrant and diverse
community](https://community.trustwallet.com/)[**Contact Us** Reach out for
personalized support](https://support.trustwallet.com/en/support/home)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.9a6dd06f.svg)[**About Us** Discover who
we are and what drives us](/about-us)[**Careers** Join us in shaping the
future of Web3](/careers)[**Press Kit** Download our official logo and other
media assets](/press)[**Blog** Stay up-to-date on Web3 trends and
insights](/blog)[**Terms of Service** What you need to know to use our
services](/terms-of-service)[**Privacy Policy** Your privacy matters, learn
how we protect it](/privacy-policy)

[](/)

WalletFeaturesBuildSupportAbout

Language

[Download](/download)

[Home](/)  >  [Blog](/blog)  >  [MEME Coins](/blog?category=MEME Coins)  >
[Cat in a Dogs World (MEW): Explained](/blog/mew-token-explained)

##### MEME Coins

# Cat in a Dogs World (MEW): Explained

Published on: May 1, 2024

##### Share post

[](https://facebook.com/trustwalletapp)[](https://github.com/trustwallet)[](https://instagram.com/trustwallet)[](https://twitter.com/trustwallet)[](https://discord.gg/trustwallet)[](https://reddit.com/r/trustapp)[](https://t.me/trustwallet)

  * **The Rise of Solana Meme Coins**
  * **What is MEW?**
  * **MEW Tokenomics**
  * **Considering the Risks**
  * **How to Buy SOL Using Trust Wallet**
  * **How to Deposit SOL to Your Trust Wallet Address**
  * **How to Swap SOL for MEW Using Trust Wallet**

##### In Brief

Explore Cat in a Dogs World (MEW), a popular Solana-based meme coin grabbing
the attention in a dog-themed dominated world.

![Cat in a Dogs World \(MEW\):
Explained](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fmew_token_explained_94be83aaec.png&w=3840&q=75)

The crypto world has seen its fair share of trends, and one that continues to
capture the imagination (and sometimes the headlines) is the rise of meme
coins. These playful tokens, often inspired by internet jokes and cultural
phenomena, have taken the market by storm. In the meme coin landscape, largely
ruled by dog-themed tokens like
[Dogecoin](https://trustwallet.com/blog/a-beginner-s-guide-to-dogecoin-doge)
and [Shiba Inu](https://trustwallet.com/shiba-inu-wallet), a new cat has
entered the arena: Cat in a Dogs World (MEW). In this article, we’ll explore
[MEW](https://trustwallet.com/mew-wallet) and what it contributes to the Web3
space.

### Before You Get Started

Before you explore MEW in more detail, it’s important to remember that you can
manage MEW using Trust Wallet.

You can [download Trust Wallet](https://short.trustwallet.com/TW-SEOblog) as a
mobile app, or you can install the [Trust Wallet
Extension](https://short.trustwallet.com/TW-Extension) for your desktop
browser.

![mew-token-explained-4.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fmew_token_explained_4_ab589cbb1e.png&w=3840&q=75)

[![Download-Trust-Wallet-Button.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2FDownload_Trust_Wallet_Button_3b2b015a21.png&w=3840&q=75)](https://short.trustwallet.com/TW-
SEOblog)

## The Rise of Solana Meme Coins

[Ethereum](https://trustwallet.com/blog/solana-memecoins-vs-ethereum-
memecoins) may have hosted the early meme coins, however, Solana has emerged
as a breeding ground for a new generation of these playful tokens. Solana's
advantages, including fast transaction speeds and lower transaction fees
compared to Ethereum, have enticed developers and investors seeking a smoother
and potentially more cost-effective experience in the meme coin game. This has
led to an explosion of [Solana meme
coins](https://trustwallet.com/blog/solana-based-memecoins), each seeking
attention with their own unique brand of internet humor and community
engagement. Cat in a Dogs World (MEW) is just one example of this fun trend.

## What is MEW?

[MEW](https://trustwallet.com/mew-wallet) is a meme coin built on the Solana
blockchain. MEW took the market by storm after its launch on 26 March 2024.
The coin quickly gained traction, owing to the hype surrounding Solana and its
playful "Cat in a Dogs World" branding. Within its first 3 hours, MEW
surpassed a trading value of $150 million.

While MEW currently has no established utility, the project remains young.
There's always the potential for future use cases. The developers could unveil
plans for integrating MEW into games, tipping platforms, or exclusive
[NFT](https://trustwallet.com/nft) marketplaces down the road. For now, the
joy of being part of a thriving cat-loving community, and the anticipation of
what the future might hold, are what fuels MEW.

## MEW Tokenomics

MEW positions itself strategically within the dog-dominated meme coin market.
With a total supply of 88,888,888,888 MEW, 90% of its liquidity pool tokens
are burned to create a stable price floor and reduce volatility. Additionally,
10% of [MEW tokens](https://trustwallet.com/mew-wallet) were airdropped to the
Solana community, fostering goodwill and encouraging early adoption. This
strategic tokenomic approach suggests MEW is here to stay and play the long
game.

![mew-token-explained-1.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fmew_token_explained_1_1dc609c9fd.png&w=3840&q=75)

## Considering the Risks

While the [MEW meme coin](https://trustwallet.com/mew-wallet) had an
impressive launch, we must acknowledge the inherent risks associated with meme
coins. Meme coins are fundamentally different from established
cryptocurrencies with real-world applications.

  * **Volatility:** As with most meme coins, MEW's price is susceptible to wild swings. Hype, social media trends, and celebrity endorsements, can cause dramatic price fluctuations. Investors should be prepared for this volatility and only invest what they can afford to lose. Meme coins are often fueled by speculation and FOMO (Fear Of Missing Out). There's no guarantee the party will last.

  * **Lack of regulation:** The meme coin market remains largely unregulated, making it vulnerable to scams and pump-and-dump schemes. Investors should thoroughly research MEW and its development team before investing. Beware of unsolicited investment advice or unrealistic promises of high returns.

  * **Dependence on hype:** Much of MEW's initial success stems from the "Cat in a Dogs World" branding and the hype surrounding Solana. If the community loses interest, or a competitor emerges with a more compelling narrative, MEW's value could plummet. Meme coins often rely on staying relevant in the fast-paced world of internet culture.

**_Next, we’ll look at how to swap Solana-based tokens for MEW using Trust
Wallet. This will be done in a few steps, including depositing or buying SOL,
then swapping it for MEW._**

## How to Buy SOL Using Trust Wallet

You can buy crypto, including SOL, using Trust Wallet, via our trusted
partners. Here’s how:

  * Select “Buy” from the home screen.

  * Search for “Solana” or “SOL” and select it.

  * Choose the currency you want to use, then enter the amount of SOL you want to purchase.

  * Select the third party provider & payment method you’d like to use.

  * Select the Buy button and complete the remaining steps.

![mew-token-explained-2.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fmew_token_explained_2_a12f99b5a6.png&w=3840&q=75)

## How to Deposit SOL to Your Trust Wallet Address

You can deposit SOL from another wallet or from a centralized exchange. Here’s
how to deposit SOL:

  * Select “Receive” from the home screen.

  * Search for your “SOL,” and select it.

From here, you have two options. You can either:

  1. Copy your deposit address and use that on your exchange account or other [Solana wallet](https://trustwallet.com/solana-wallet) to send funds to.

  2. Use the “Deposit from exchange” option to deposit crypto seamlessly from your exchange account.

## How to Swap SOL for MEW Using Trust Wallet

You can easily swap SOL for MEW using Trust Wallet. Once you have SOL in your
wallet, here’s what you need to do:

  * Open the Trust Wallet app on your mobile phone.

  * Click “Swap” on the bottom left side of your screen.

  * Change the “From” network to Solana and choose SOL as your token

  * Change the “To” network to Solana and choose MEW as your token.

  * Enter the amount of SOL you would like to swap.

  * Click “Continue.”

![mew-token-explained-3.gif](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fmew_token_explained_3_ddf2f6add7.gif&w=3840&q=75)

### Closing Thoughts

Cat in a Dogs World (MEW) has taken the
[Solana](https://apps.apple.com/app/apple-
store/id1288339409?pt=1324988&ct=SEO%20Content&mt=8) meme coin scene by storm.
Its playful branding, strong community, and strategic tokenomics suggest
exciting possibilities. Potential investors must, however, be aware of the
inherent risks associated with meme coins.

**Remember:** MEW is a young project. Its long-term success hinges on several
factors, including community engagement, potential utility integration, and
exchange listings. Do your own research, so you can understand the risks
involved.

Remember that, in addition to the [MEW meme coin](https://trustwallet.com/mew-
wallet), Trust Wallet lets you manage and interact with 10M+ crypto assets
across 100+ blockchains. Download the latest version of Trust Wallet today.

[![Download-Trust-Wallet-Button.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2FDownload_Trust_Wallet_Button_3b2b015a21.png&w=3840&q=75)](https://short.trustwallet.com/TW-
SEOblog)

Join the Trust Wallet community on [Telegram](https://rebrand.ly/TW-Telegram-
Announcements) Follow us on [X (formerly Twitter)](https://rebrand.ly/TW-
Twitter-Blog) [Instagram](https://rebrand.ly/TW-Insta-Blog)
[Facebook](https://rebrand.ly/TW-FB-Blog) [Reddit](https://rebrand.ly/TW-
Reddit-Blog) [Warpcast](https://warpcast.com/trustwalletapp)

> **Note:** Any cited numbers, figures, or illustrations are reported at the
> time of writing, and are subject to change.

#### Simple and convenient to use, seamless to explore

[Download Trust Wallet](/download)

##### Stay Connected:

[](https://facebook.com/trustwalletapp)[](https://github.com/trustwallet)[](https://instagram.com/trustwallet)[](https://twitter.com/trustwallet)[](https://discord.gg/trustwallet)[](https://reddit.com/r/trustapp)[](https://t.me/trustwallet)

  * **Wallet**[Mobile App](/download)[Browser Extension](/browser-extension)
  * **Features**[Buy Crypto](/buy-crypto)[Swaps](/swap)[Staking](/staking)[NFTs](/nft)[Security](/security)[SWIFT: Smart Contract Wallet](/swift)
  * **Build**[Developer Docs](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/)[Wallet Core](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/wallet-core)[Submit dApp](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-dapps)[Get assets listed](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-assets)
  * **Support**[FAQ](https://community.trustwallet.com/c/helpcenter/8)[Community Forum](https://community.trustwallet.com/)[Contact Us](https://support.trustwallet.com/en/support/home)
  * **About**[About Us](/about-us)[Careers](/careers)[Press Kit](/press)[Terms of Service](/terms-of-service)[Privacy Policy](/privacy-policy)[Blog](/blog)
  * ![A-LIGN ISO 27701](/_next/static/media/image.8354ab2c.svg)![A-LIGN ISO 27001](/_next/static/media/image.7f0b3bc9.svg)

**Download Trust Wallet**

The most trusted & secure crypto wallet.

[Download for iOS](https://apps.apple.com/app/apple-
store/id1288339409?mt=8)[Download
Extension![Chrome](/_next/static/media/raw.7dd85797.svg)](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/trust-
wallet/egjidjbpglichdcondbcbdnbeeppgdph)[Download APK](/download/apk)[Download
for Android![App
Store](/_next/image?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Fimage.5ee64b2e.png&w=256&q=75)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.wallet.crypto.trustapp)

