  * **Wallet**[**Mobile App** The world of Web3 in your pocket](/download)[**Browser Extension** An optimized Web3 experience for desktop](/browser-extension)
  * **Features**[**Swaps** Swap securely and seamlessly](/swap)[**Staking** Earn crypto rewards while securing networks](/staking)[**NFTs** Explore the world of NFTs](/nft)[**Security** Learn how we keep your assets & Web3 journey safe](/security)[**Buy Crypto** Buy crypto in under five minutes](/buy-crypto)[**SWIFT: Smart Contract Wallet** Explore Web3 easily with account abstraction features](/swift)
  * **Build**[**Developer Docs** Get guides for building powerful Web3 applications](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/)[**Wallet Core** Open-source, mobile-focused crypto wallet library](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/wallet-core)[**Submit dApp** Get your dApp in front of millions](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-dapps)[**Get assets listed** Elevate your asset’s exposure](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-assets)
  * **Support**[**FAQ** Get answers to your most pressing questions](https://community.trustwallet.com/c/helpcenter/8)[**Community Forum** Connect with our vibrant and diverse community](https://community.trustwallet.com/)[**Contact Us** Reach out for personalized support](https://support.trustwallet.com/en/support/home)
  * **About**[**About Us** Discover who we are and what drives us](/about-us)[**Careers** Join us in shaping the future of Web3](/careers)[**Press Kit** Download our official logo and other media assets](/press)[**Blog** Stay up-to-date on Web3 trends and insights](/blog)[**Terms of Service** What you need to know to use our services](/terms-of-service)[**Privacy Policy** Your privacy matters, learn how we protect it](/privacy-policy)

DarkLightLanguage

[Download Trust Wallet](/download)

[](/)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.4edbb099.svg)[**Mobile App** The world
of Web3 in your pocket](/download)[**Browser Extension** An optimized Web3
experience for desktop](/browser-extension)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.e7c57d68.svg)[**Swaps** Swap securely
and seamlessly](/swap)[**Staking** Earn crypto rewards while securing
networks](/staking)[**NFTs** Explore the world of NFTs](/nft)[**Security**
Learn how we keep your assets & Web3 journey safe](/security)[**Buy Crypto**
Buy crypto in under five minutes](/buy-crypto)[**SWIFT: Smart Contract
Wallet** Explore Web3 easily with account abstraction features](/swift)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.b373ab3f.svg)[**Developer Docs** Get
guides for building powerful Web3
applications](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/)[**Wallet Core**
Open-source, mobile-focused crypto wallet
library](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/wallet-core)[**Submit
dApp** Get your dApp in front of
millions](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-dapps)[**Get
assets listed** Elevate your asset’s
exposure](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-assets)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.1211abf0.svg)[**FAQ** Get answers to
your most pressing
questions](https://community.trustwallet.com/c/helpcenter/8)[**Community
Forum** Connect with our vibrant and diverse
community](https://community.trustwallet.com/)[**Contact Us** Reach out for
personalized support](https://support.trustwallet.com/en/support/home)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.9a6dd06f.svg)[**About Us** Discover who
we are and what drives us](/about-us)[**Careers** Join us in shaping the
future of Web3](/careers)[**Press Kit** Download our official logo and other
media assets](/press)[**Blog** Stay up-to-date on Web3 trends and
insights](/blog)[**Terms of Service** What you need to know to use our
services](/terms-of-service)[**Privacy Policy** Your privacy matters, learn
how we protect it](/privacy-policy)

[](/)

WalletFeaturesBuildSupportAbout

Language

[Download](/download)

[Home](/)  >  [Blog](/blog)  >  [Blockchain](/blog?category=Blockchain)  >
[EigenLayer and Restaking: Explained](/blog/eigenlayer-and-restaking-
explained)

##### Blockchain

# EigenLayer and Restaking: Explained

Published on: Feb 15, 2024

##### Share post

[](https://facebook.com/trustwalletapp)[](https://github.com/trustwallet)[](https://instagram.com/trustwallet)[](https://twitter.com/trustwallet)[](https://discord.gg/trustwallet)[](https://reddit.com/r/trustapp)[](https://t.me/trustwallet)

  * **What is EigenLayer?**
  * **How Does EigenLayer Work?**
  * **Benefits of EigenLayer and Restaking**
  * **Connecting your Trust Wallet to EigenLayer**

##### In Brief

Explore EigenLayer and restaking: A transformative approach enhancing
blockchain efficiency, security, and creating new rewards for stakers.

![EigenLayer and Restaking: Explained](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Feigenlayer_restaking_explained_aedb0e7b74.png&w=3840&q=75)

## What is EigenLayer?

In Web3, the introduction of EigenLayer marks a notable development,
especially for those interested in the security and scalability of
decentralized networks. EigenLayer is a protocol designed to make better use
of the assets already staked on a blockchain. It’s a practical approach to
addressing some of the efficiency issues facing blockchain networks today.

So, what exactly does EigenLayer do? In essence, it allows assets that are
already staked on a base blockchain, like
[Ethereum](https://trustwallet.com/ethereum-wallet), to be used again—or
"restaked"—to secure additional layers or applications built on top of that
blockchain. This means that instead of each new application or layer needing
to establish its own, separate set of staked assets for security, they can tap
into the existing pool of staked assets. This could potentially lead to a more
resource-efficient use of the staked capital and a tighter, more secure
blockchain ecosystem.

### Before You Continue Reading

**Disclaimer:** Trust Wallet is not affiliated with the project mentioned. Any
costs, including transaction fees, are at your own expense. This guide is for
informational purposes only and isn’t an official endorsement of the project.
Trust Wallet isn’t liable for your actions on third-party platforms, so always
do your own research before connecting to any decentralized application or
exploring any opportunity in Web3. View our [terms of
service](https://trustwallet.com/terms-of-service).

## How Does EigenLayer Work?

Imagine a world where the digital assets you've carefully staked on a
blockchain can do more for you, without requiring you to divide them or stake
more. This is the reality EigenLayer brings to the blockchain ecosystem. It's
a revolutionary approach that amplifies the utility and efficiency of staked
assets, allowing them to secure multiple layers or projects simultaneously.
Let's break down how EigenLayer manages to accomplish this feat, making it a
significant innovation in the blockchain space.

![eigenlayer-restaking-explained-2.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Feigenlayer_restaking_explained_2_8e6c3bc34e.png&w=3840&q=75)

### The Concept of Restaking

At the heart of EigenLayer's functionality is the concept of "restaking."
Traditional crypto staking involves locking up a certain amount of tokens or
assets in a blockchain network to support the network's security and
operations. These staked assets are usually immobilized in one layer or
project. However, EigenLayer changes the game by enabling these already staked
assets to be committed further to secure additional projects or layers without
necessitating the staking of extra tokens.

### Leveraging Existing Security

The beauty of EigenLayer lies in its ability to leverage the security already
provided by staked assets on the base layer. Instead of starting from scratch,
EigenLayer taps into the existing pool of secured assets. This doesn't mean
the assets are removed from their original blockchain. Instead, their security
benefits are extended to additional projects. This method of extending
security is akin to creating a security umbrella under which multiple projects
can be sheltered, without diluting the security of the original blockchain.

### Multi-Layer Rewards System

For validators or stakers, EigenLayer opens up a new avenue of opportunities.
By participating in this restaking process, they're not just limited to
earning rewards from the base layer where their assets are originally staked.
They can now earn additional rewards from other layers or applications that
benefit from the restaked security. This creates a multi-layer rewards system,
enhancing the yield and utility of their staked assets significantly. It's an
innovative way to incentivize participation in the blockchain ecosystem,
rewarding those who contribute to its security across multiple projects.

### A Catalyst for Collaboration and Innovation

EigenLayer's approach encourages a more collaborative and interconnected
blockchain ecosystem. Projects can benefit from enhanced security without the
need for every new layer to build its own base of stakers from the ground up.
This not only accelerates the launch and adoption of new projects but also
fosters innovation by lowering the barriers to entry for securing blockchain
networks.

EigenLayer's operational mechanics represent a significant leap forward in the
way blockchain security and asset utilization are approached. By enabling the
restaking of assets, it creates a more efficient, secure, and rewarding
blockchain ecosystem. Validators benefit from increased rewards, projects gain
from enhanced security, and the overall blockchain space becomes more
interconnected and resilient. EigenLayer thus stands out as a pivotal
innovation, poised to shape the future of blockchain technology.

## Benefits of EigenLayer and Restaking

The introduction of EigenLayer and the concept of restaking into the
blockchain domain has sparked a wave of optimism and excitement among
stakeholders. This innovative approach is poised to redefine the paradigms of
security, efficiency, and economic incentive within the decentralized
landscape. At its core, EigenLayer aims to harness the untapped potential of
already staked assets, extending their utility beyond the conventional
confines of a single network or application. This groundbreaking mechanism not
only promises to enhance the operational dynamics of blockchain ecosystems but
also opens up a plethora of benefits for participants.

Let's have a quick look into the advantages that EigenLayer and restaking
bring to the table, setting the stage for a more integrated, secure, and
economically vibrant blockchain future.

  * **Increased Efficiency:** By leveraging the security of already staked assets, EigenLayer could make the decentralized ecosystem more resource-efficient.

  * **Enhanced Security:** It could also enhance the security of additional layers or applications by utilizing the robust security mechanisms of the base layer blockchain.

  * **New Revenue Streams for Stakers:** Stakers could earn additional rewards by securing more networks without needing to stake more tokens, creating a new revenue stream.

  * **Innovation in Layer 2 Solutions:** This concept could drive innovation in Layer 2 solutions and decentralized applications (dApps), making it easier to build secure and scalable solutions on top of existing blockchains.

## Connecting your Trust Wallet to EigenLayer

If you’re looking to explore EigenLayer, here are the steps to connect your
Trust Wallet to the dApp (decentralized application).

First ensure you have the most updated version of Trust Wallet.

[![Download-Trust-Wallet-Button.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2FDownload_Trust_Wallet_Button_3b2b015a21.png&w=3840&q=75)](https://short.trustwallet.com/TW-
blog)

  * Open Trust Wallet and select “Browser”.

  * Enter the URL app.eigenlayer.xyz and select “Done”.

  * Select “Connect Wallet”, then follow the instructions to authorize the connection and read/accept any additional terms and conditions to get started with the dApp.

  * From there it’s a matter of exploring the different restaking options. We encourage you to do your own research before taking any action.

![eigenlayer-restaking-explained-1.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Feigenlayer_restaking_explained_1_ddb9ecbaa9.png&w=3840&q=75)

### Considerations and Risks

For users intrigued by the prospect of restaking with EigenLayer, it's vital
to approach this innovative opportunity with an informed understanding of the
potential risks involved. While the benefits of participating in restaking
activities are clear, including the possibility of earning additional rewards
and contributing to the security of multiple blockchain projects, users must
also navigate certain challenges unique to this process.

**Security Vulnerabilities:** By engaging in restaking, users' assets become
integral to the security frameworks of multiple layers or applications. This
exposure can increase the risk of security vulnerabilities, particularly if
one of the projects where assets are restaked experiences a security breach.
The interconnected nature of restaking means that users must diligently assess
the security protocols of each project they choose to support.

**Liquidity Concerns:** Restaking may also impact the liquidity of a user's
assets. When assets are committed to securing additional projects, they may be
less readily accessible for withdrawal or reallocation. This could pose
challenges for users looking to quickly adjust their investment strategies or
access their assets for personal use.

**Reward Variability:** While the prospect of earning rewards from multiple
projects is appealing, the variability of these rewards is a significant
consideration. The actual value of rewards received through restaking can
fluctuate based on a variety of factors, including the success and security of
the additional projects supported, market conditions, and changes in reward
structures.

**Due Diligence Requirement:** Finally, the necessity for thorough due
diligence cannot be overstated. Users must carefully research and understand
the projects they are considering for restaking, including their security
measures, governance structures, and the overall stability of the project.
Failure to conduct adequate due diligence could expose users to higher risks
of loss.

### Conclusion

EigenLayer and the concept of restaking represent an innovative approach to
leveraging and enhancing the security and efficiency of blockchain networks.
By allowing staked assets to secure additional layers or applications, it
opens up new possibilities for the development of decentralized applications
and services. However, like any emerging technology, it will be important to
carefully consider and address the technical, security, and economic
implications of this approach.

[![Download-Trust-Wallet-Button.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2FDownload_Trust_Wallet_Button_3b2b015a21.png&w=3840&q=75)](https://short.trustwallet.com/TW-
blog)

Join the Trust Wallet community on [Telegram](https://rebrand.ly/TW-Telegram-
Announcements) Follow us on [X (formerly Twitter)](https://rebrand.ly/TW-
Twitter-Blog) [Instagram](https://rebrand.ly/TW-Insta-Blog)
[Facebook](https://rebrand.ly/TW-FB-Blog) [Reddit](https://rebrand.ly/TW-
Reddit-Blog)

> **Note:** Any cited numbers, figures, or illustrations are reported at the
> time of writing, and are subject to change.

#### Simple and convenient to use, seamless to explore

[Download Trust Wallet](/download)

##### Stay Connected:

[](https://facebook.com/trustwalletapp)[](https://github.com/trustwallet)[](https://instagram.com/trustwallet)[](https://twitter.com/trustwallet)[](https://discord.gg/trustwallet)[](https://reddit.com/r/trustapp)[](https://t.me/trustwallet)

  * **Wallet**[Mobile App](/download)[Browser Extension](/browser-extension)
  * **Features**[Buy Crypto](/buy-crypto)[Swaps](/swap)[Staking](/staking)[NFTs](/nft)[Security](/security)[SWIFT: Smart Contract Wallet](/swift)
  * **Build**[Developer Docs](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/)[Wallet Core](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/wallet-core)[Submit dApp](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-dapps)[Get assets listed](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-assets)
  * **Support**[FAQ](https://community.trustwallet.com/c/helpcenter/8)[Community Forum](https://community.trustwallet.com/)[Contact Us](https://support.trustwallet.com/en/support/home)
  * **About**[About Us](/about-us)[Careers](/careers)[Press Kit](/press)[Terms of Service](/terms-of-service)[Privacy Policy](/privacy-policy)[Blog](/blog)
  * ![A-LIGN ISO 27701](/_next/static/media/image.8354ab2c.svg)![A-LIGN ISO 27001](/_next/static/media/image.7f0b3bc9.svg)

**Download Trust Wallet**

The most trusted & secure crypto wallet.

[Download for iOS](https://apps.apple.com/app/apple-
store/id1288339409?mt=8)[Download
Extension![Chrome](/_next/static/media/raw.7dd85797.svg)](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/trust-
wallet/egjidjbpglichdcondbcbdnbeeppgdph)[Download APK](/download/apk)[Download
for Android![App
Store](/_next/image?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Fimage.5ee64b2e.png&w=256&q=75)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.wallet.crypto.trustapp)

