Metaco.com will be sunset as of June 7, 2024

[Learn more](https://ripple.com/solutions/digital-asset-custody/ "Learn more")

Skip to main content

[![Metaco](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/logo.svg?x88149)![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/logo-w.svg?x88149)](https://www.metaco.com)

  * Solutions __

__Solutions

Solutions

    * [__Global Custodians Build tomorrow's market infrastructure ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/global-custodians-top-tier-banks/)
    * [__Universal Banks Satisfy demand for new asset classes ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/universal-banks/)
    * [__Neobanks & FintechsFind new routes to monetization ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/neobanks-fintechs/)
    * [__Regulated Exchanges Grow volumes and profit margins ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/regulated-exchanges/)
    * [__Corporates Boost customer loyalty and engagement ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/corporates/)

  * Platform __

__Platform

Platform

Deploy ambitious digital asset use cases with the most secure and versatile
infrastructure.

    * [__Harmonize™ Platform Overview Issue, store, trade, transfer, settle and service any type of digital asset. ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/harmonize/)
    * [__Custody Hot, warm and institutional cold storage ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/custody/)
    * [__Trading Powerful order execution, funding and settlement ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/trading/)
    * [__Web3 Web3 Portal spanning NFTs, DeFi and DApps ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/web3/)
    * [__Governance Entirely customizable risk and compliance controls ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/governance/)
    * [__Orchestration A single source of truth for managing all digital assets ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/orchestration/)
    * [__Tokenization Asset-agnostic smart contract management framework ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/tokenization/)
    * [__Integration Fully integrable platform following enterprise standards ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/integration/)
    * [__Security Highest protection against insider and external threats ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/security/)

  * Company __

__Company

Company

    * [__About](https://www.metaco.com/company/about/)
    * [__Media & news](https://www.metaco.com/company/media-coverage-press-releases/)
    * [__Careers](https://www.metaco.com/careers/)

  * Resources __

__Resources

Resources

    * [__Talks](https://www.metaco.com/resources/talks/)
    * [__Webinars](https://www.metaco.com/resources/webinars/)
    * [__Case studies](https://www.metaco.com/resources/case-studies/)
    * [__Reports](https://www.metaco.com/resources/reports/)
    * [__Blog](https://www.metaco.com/resources/blog/)

[Contact](https://www.metaco.com/contact/ "Contact")

Metaco Blog

# Discover our articles and  
**crypto insights.**

Perspectives on institutional digital asset management, blockchain,
cybersecurity and risk management, written by our in-house experts.

Search

Filter by

All media post

Blog

37 results

  * ![](/wp-content/uploads/2024/02/ripple-metaco-logo-globe-1-640x638.png)

[Blog](/category/blog/)

February 29, 2024### [Building for the Digital Asset Future with
Ripple](/blog/building-digital-asset-future-with-ripple/ "Building for the
Digital Asset Future with Ripple")

  * ![](/wp-content/uploads/2024/02/blog-1200-640x335.jpg)

[Blog](/category/blog/)

February 16, 2024### [Preparing for a paradigm shift in financial
services](/blog/paradigm-shift-rajeev-tummala-hsbc/ "Preparing for a paradigm
shift in financial services")

  * ![](/wp-content/uploads/2024/01/blog-banner.jpg)

[Blog](/category/blog/)

January 25, 2024### [UAE as a thriving digital assets’ hub: progressive
regulation spurs innovation](/blog/uae-as-a-thriving-digital-assets-hub-
progressive-regulation-spurs-innovation/ "UAE as a thriving digital assets’
hub: progressive regulation spurs innovation")

  * ![](/wp-content/uploads/2024/01/metaco-blog-website-500x500-02.jpg)

[Blog](/category/blog/)

January 10, 2024### [Hong Kong’s Strategy to Become a Global Virtual Asset
Hub](/blog/hong-kong-strategy-become-global-virtual-asset-hub/ "Hong Kong’s
Strategy to Become a Global Virtual Asset Hub")

  * ![](/wp-content/uploads/2023/12/metaco-blog-website-500x500-1.jpg)

[Blog](/category/blog/)

December 13, 2023### [The Evolution of Loyalty With Tokenization](/blog/the-
evolution-of-loyalty-with-tokenization/ "The Evolution of Loyalty With
Tokenization")

  * ![](/wp-content/uploads/2023/12/metaco-blog-mauritius-and-south-africa-1-640x379.jpg)

[Blog](/category/blog/)

December 7, 2023### [Exploring the Regulatory Landscape for Digital Assets in
South Africa, Kenya and Mauritius](/blog/regulatory-landscape-digital-assets-
mauritius-southafrica/ "Exploring the Regulatory Landscape for Digital Assets
in South Africa, Kenya and Mauritius")

  * ![](/wp-content/uploads/2023/11/london1-640x367.jpg)

[Blog](/category/blog/)

November 30, 2023### [Navigating the Future of Digital Asset Custody –
Insights from DA Week London](/blog/navigating-the-future-of-digital-asset-
custody-insights-from-da-week-london/ "Navigating the Future of Digital Asset
Custody – Insights from DA Week London")

  * ![](/wp-content/uploads/2023/11/daw-s.jpg)

[Blog](/category/blog/)

November 23, 2023### [How DLT is transforming institutional investing
landscape: a recap from DA Week Singapore](/blog/big-techs-role-in-
institutional-investing-and-the-blockchain-transformation/ "How DLT is
transforming institutional investing landscape: a recap from DA Week
Singapore")

  * ![](/wp-content/uploads/2023/11/metaco-blog-04-website-02-640x640.jpg)

[Blog](/category/blog/)

November 16, 2023### [MPC and HSM for Key Management Part 2: Digital Asset
Custody Design Considerations](/blog/mpc-and-hsm-for-key-management-
part-2-digital-asset-custody-design-considerations/ "MPC and HSM for Key
Management Part 2: Digital Asset Custody Design Considerations")

  * ![](/wp-content/uploads/2023/11/metaco-blog-03-website-640x640.jpg)

[Blog](/category/blog/)

November 16, 2023### [MPC and HSM for Key Management Part 1: Demystifying
Technology Options for Digital Asset Custody](/blog/mpc-and-hsm-for-key-
management-part-1-demystifying-technology-options-for-digital-asset-custody/
"MPC and HSM for Key Management Part 1: Demystifying Technology Options for
Digital Asset Custody")

  * ![](/wp-content/uploads/2023/11/brazil-banner-website-640x640.jpg)

[Blog](/category/blog/)

November 16, 2023### [Brazil Crypto Report: A Blueprint for Adoption and
Regulation of Crypto Assets](/blog/brazil-crypto-report-a-blueprint-for-
adoption-and-regulation-of-crypto-assets/ "Brazil Crypto Report: A Blueprint
for Adoption and Regulation of Crypto Assets")

  * ![](/wp-content/uploads/2023/11/metaco-blog-02-640x640.jpg)

[Blog](/category/blog/)

November 7, 2023### [Opportunity Knocking: Banks as Digital Asset
Custodians](/blog/opportunity-knocking-banks-as-digital-asset-custodians/
"Opportunity Knocking: Banks as Digital Asset Custodians")

  * ![](/wp-content/uploads/2023/11/metaco-blog-01-640x640.jpg)

[Blog](/category/blog/)

November 7, 2023### [6 Key Tenets of Institutional Digital Asset
Custody](/blog/6-key-tenets-of-institutional-digital-asset-custody/ "6 Key
Tenets of Institutional Digital Asset Custody")

  * ![](/wp-content/uploads/2023/02/dz-bank-02.jpg)

[Blog](/category/blog/)

November 3, 2023### [Metaco Harmonize™ Underpins DZ BANK’s Digital Asset
Custody Solution](/blog/dz-bank-goes-live-custody-harmonize/ "Metaco
Harmonize™ Underpins DZ BANK’s Digital Asset Custody Solution")

  * ![](/wp-content/uploads/2023/10/staking-graph-2-650x650-2-1-640x640.png)

[Blog](/category/blog/)

October 20, 2023### [Navigating the legal terrain around Staking
Services](/blog/navigating-the-legal-terrain-around-staking-services/
"Navigating the legal terrain around Staking Services")

  * ![](/wp-content/uploads/2023/10/metco-blog-01-640x640.jpg)

[Blog](/category/blog/)

October 20, 2023### [How emerging tokenized deposit services will transform
global commerce](/blog/how-emerging-tokenized-deposit-services-will-transform-
global-commerce/ "How emerging tokenized deposit services will transform
global commerce")

  * ![](/wp-content/uploads/2023/10/04-leading-the-digital-asset-revolution-from-the-frontlines-640x379.png)

[Blog](/category/blog/)

October 11, 2023### [Navigating the Asia Pacific Digital Asset Regulatory
Landscape](/blog/navigating-apac-regulatory-landscape/ "Navigating the Asia
Pacific Digital Asset Regulatory Landscape")

  * ![](/wp-content/uploads/2023/09/20-digital-asset-management-in-the-banking-sector_-opportunities-and-challenges-640x379.png)

[Blog](/category/blog/)

September 22, 2023### [Tokenization: The Future of Asset Ownership Beyond ETFs
and REITs](/blog/tokenization-asset-ownership-etf-reit/ "Tokenization: The
Future of Asset Ownership Beyond ETFs and REITs")

  * ![](/wp-content/uploads/2023/06/18-cryptos-in-banking_-what-does-it-take-to-build-a-secure-and-resilient-digital-asset-management-platform_-640x379.png)

[Blog](/category/blog/)

May 1, 2023### [View from Africa: Appetite for digital assets keeps growing
steadily](/blog/the-network-forum-africa-institutional-digital-assets/ "View
from Africa: Appetite for digital assets keeps growing steadily")

  * ![](/wp-content/uploads/2023/02/22-the-present-and-future-of-cryptocurrency-payment-networks-640x379.png)

[Blog](/category/blog/)

February 28, 2023### [Learnings from Metaco Talks in 2022: Digital assets
continue to gather momentum, despite one-off challenges](/blog/learnings-from-
metaco-talks-2022/ "Learnings from Metaco Talks in 2022: Digital assets
continue to gather momentum, despite one-off challenges")

  * ![](/wp-content/uploads/2023/02/image-1-640x379.png)

[Blog](/category/blog/)

February 9, 2023### [Learnings from The Network Forum in 2022: Custodians
respond to demand for digital asset services](/blog/tnf22-custodians-respond-
demand-digital-assets/ "Learnings from The Network Forum in 2022: Custodians
respond to demand for digital asset services")

  * ![](/wp-content/uploads/2022/01/02-the-internet-provides-the-precedent-for-how-distributed-ledger-copy-640x379.png)

[Blog](/category/blog/)

January 17, 2022### [The internet provides the precedent for how Distributed
Ledger Technology will scale](/blog/distributed-ledger-technology-scale/ "The
internet provides the precedent for how Distributed Ledger Technology will
scale")

  * ![](/wp-content/uploads/2021/12/03-what-weve-learned-from-metaco-talks-in-2021-640x379.png)

[Blog](/category/blog/)

December 21, 2021### [What we’ve learned from Metaco TALKS in
2021](/blog/what-we-learned-metaco-talks-2021/ "What we’ve learned from Metaco
TALKS in 2021")

  * ![](/wp-content/uploads/2021/10/04-leading-the-digital-asset-revolution-from-the-frontlines-copy-640x379.png)

[Blog](/category/blog/)

October 5, 2021### [Leading the digital asset revolution from the
frontlines](/blog/leading-the-digital-asset-revolution-from-the-frontlines/
"Leading the digital asset revolution from the frontlines")

  * ![](/wp-content/uploads/2021/06/05-musig-2-in-taproot-640x379.png)

[Blog](/category/blog/)

June 30, 2021### [MuSig 2 in Taproot](/blog/musig-2-in-taproot/ "MuSig 2 in
Taproot")

  * ![](/wp-content/uploads/2021/06/06-the-decentralized-future-of-banking-copy-640x379.png)

[Blog](/category/blog/)

June 30, 2021### [The decentralized future of banking](/blog/the-
decentralized-future-of-banking/ "The decentralized future of banking")

  * ![](/wp-content/uploads/2021/05/07-for-owners-of-digital-assets-supply-chain-attacks-carry-a-critical-reminder-about-specialized-security-copy-640x379.png)

[Blog](/category/blog/)

May 19, 2021### [For owners of digital assets, supply chain attacks carry a
critical reminder about specialized security](/blog/for-owners-of-digital-
assets-supply-chain-attacks-carry-a-critical-reminder-about-specialized-
security/ "For owners of digital assets, supply chain attacks carry a critical
reminder about specialized security")

  * ![](/wp-content/uploads/2021/04/08-nfts_-the-future-of-ownership-or-a-passing-fad_-640x379.png)

[Blog](/category/blog/)

April 9, 2021### [NFTs: the future of ownership, or a passing
fad?](/blog/nfts-the-future-of-ownership-or-a-passing-fad/ "NFTs: the future
of ownership, or a passing fad?")

  * ![](/wp-content/uploads/2021/02/09-in-a-decentralized-world-twitter-wouldnt-arbitrate-free-speech-640x379.png)

[Blog](/category/blog/)

February 26, 2021### [In a Decentralized World, Twitter Wouldn’t Arbitrate
Free Speech](/blog/in-a-decentralized-world-twitter-wouldnt-arbitrate-free-
speech/ "In a Decentralized World, Twitter Wouldn’t Arbitrate Free Speech")

  * ![](/wp-content/uploads/2021/02/10-the-changing-face-of-cryptocurrencies_-from-crime-conduit-to-currency-of-choice-640x379.png)

[Blog](/category/blog/)

February 5, 2021### [The changing face of cryptocurrencies: from crime conduit
to currency of choice](/blog/the-changing-face-of-cryptocurrencies-from-crime-
conduit-to-currency-of-choice/ "The changing face of cryptocurrencies: from
crime conduit to currency of choice")

  * ![](/wp-content/uploads/2021/01/11-introduction-to-taproot-640x379.png)

[Blog](/category/blog/)

January 18, 2021### [Introduction to Taproot](/blog/introduction-to-taproot/
"Introduction to Taproot")

  * ![](/wp-content/uploads/2020/12/12-the-blueprint-for-tailored-security-at-scale-in-digital-asset-management-640x379.png)

[Blog](/category/blog/)

December 17, 2020### [The blueprint for tailored security at scale in digital
asset management](/blog/the-blueprint-for-tailored-security-at-scale-in-
digital-asset-management/ "The blueprint for tailored security at scale in
digital asset management")

  * ![](/wp-content/uploads/2020/11/13-what-is-ethereum-2.0_-640x379.png)

[Blog](/category/blog/)

November 25, 2020### [What is Ethereum 2.0?](/blog/what-is-ethereum-2-0/ "What
is Ethereum 2.0?")

  * ![](/wp-content/uploads/2022/11/01-its-time-to-take-a-fresh-look-at-the-crypto-market-640x379.png)

[Blog](/category/blog/)

November 17, 2020### [It’s time to take a fresh look at the Crypto
market](/blog/its-time-to-take-a-fresh-look-at-the-crypto-market/ "It’s time
to take a fresh look at the Crypto market")

  * ![](/wp-content/uploads/2020/10/14-digital-assets-are-coming-of-age-640x379.png)

[Blog](/category/blog/)

October 14, 2020### [Digital Assets are Coming of Age](/blog/digital-assets-
are-coming-of-age/ "Digital Assets are Coming of Age")

  * ![](/wp-content/uploads/2019/10/15-partnerships_-bridging-the-present-and-the-future-of-finance-640x379.png)

[Blog](/category/blog/)

October 24, 2019### [Partnerships: Bridging the present and the future of
finance](/blog/partnerships-bridging-the-present-and-the-future-of-finance/
"Partnerships: Bridging the present and the future of finance")

  * ![](/wp-content/uploads/2019/04/20-digital-asset-management-in-the-banking-sector_-opportunities-and-challenges-640x379.png)

[Blog](/category/blog/)

April 6, 2019### [Digital asset management in the banking sector:
opportunities and challenges](/blog/digital-asset-management-in-the-banking-
sector-opportunities-and-challenges/ "Digital asset management in the banking
sector: opportunities and challenges")

Load more

![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/footer.png?x88149)

[![Metaco](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/logo-w.svg?x88149)](https://www.metaco.com)

  * [Solutions](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/)
    * [Global Custodians](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/global-custodians-top-tier-banks/)
    * [Universal Banks](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/universal-banks/)
    * [Neobanks & Fintechs](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/neobanks-fintechs/)
    * [Regulated Exchanges](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/regulated-exchanges/)
    * [Corporates](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/corporates/)
  * [Platform](https://www.metaco.com/platform/)
    * [Harmonize™](https://www.metaco.com/platform/harmonize/)
    * [Custody](https://www.metaco.com/platform/custody/)
    * [Trading](https://www.metaco.com/platform/trading/)
    * [Web3](https://www.metaco.com/platform/web3/)
    * [Governance](https://www.metaco.com/platform/governance/)
    * [Orchestration](https://www.metaco.com/platform/orchestration/)
    * [Tokenization](https://www.metaco.com/platform/tokenization/)
    * [Integration](https://www.metaco.com/platform/integration/)
    * [Security](https://www.metaco.com/platform/security/)
  * [Company](https://www.metaco.com/company/media-coverage-press-releases/)
    * [About](https://www.metaco.com/company/about/)
    * [Media & news](https://www.metaco.com/company/media-coverage-press-releases/)
    * [Jobs](https://www.metaco.com/jobs/)
  * [Resources](https://www.metaco.com/resources/)
    * [Talks](https://www.metaco.com/resources/talks/)
    * [Webinars](https://www.metaco.com/resources/webinars/)
    * [Case studies](https://www.metaco.com/resources/case-studies/)
    * [Reports](https://www.metaco.com/resources/reports/)
    * [Blog](https://www.metaco.com/resources/blog/)

![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/10/sco2.png?x88149)![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/10/iso27001.png?x88149)

  * [__](https://www.twitter.com/metaco_sa "Twitter: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")
  * [__](https://www.linkedin.com/company/metaco-ag/ "Linkedin: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")
  * [__](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC4MLOKnJD9bXfHVXMnHM7ow "Youtube: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")
  * [__](https://open.spotify.com/show/0IiI7iftR3F3RqinfJbpRT "Spotify: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")

© 2015-2024 - Metaco SA - All Rights Reserved |[ Terms & Conditions](https://www.metaco.com/terms-conditions/) | [Privacy Policy](https://www.metaco.com/privacy-policy/) | [Cookie policy](https://www.metaco.com/cookie-policy/)

