Skip to main content

[](/en/)

  * Learn
  * Use
  * Build
  * Participate
  * Research

Search```K`

Languages EN

Change page

[Overview](/en/developers/docs/)

Foundational topics

[Intro to Ethereum](/en/developers/docs/intro-to-ethereum/)

[Intro to Ether](/en/developers/docs/intro-to-ether/)

[Intro to dapps](/en/developers/docs/dapps/)

[Web2 vs Web3](/en/developers/docs/web2-vs-web3/)

[Accounts](/en/developers/docs/accounts/)

[Transactions](/en/developers/docs/transactions/)

[Blocks](/en/developers/docs/blocks/)

[Ethereum virtual machine (EVM)](/en/developers/docs/evm/)

[Opcodes](/en/developers/docs/evm/opcodes/)

[Gas](/en/developers/docs/gas/)

[Nodes and clients](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/)

[Run a node](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/run-a-node/)

[Client diversity](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/client-diversity/)

[Nodes as a service](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/nodes-as-a-
service/)

[Node architecture](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/node-architecture/)

[Light clients](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/light-clients/)

[Archive nodes](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/archive-nodes/)

[Bootnodes](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/bootnodes/)

[Networks](/en/developers/docs/networks/)

[Consensus mechanisms](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/)

[Proof-of-work](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pow/)

[Mining](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pow/mining/)

[Mining algorithms](/en/developers/docs/consensus-
mechanisms/pow/mining/mining-algorithms/)

[Dagger-Hashimoto](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pow/mining/mining-
algorithms/dagger-hashimoto/)

[Ethash](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pow/mining/mining-
algorithms/ethash/)

[Proof-of-stake](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/)

[Gasper](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/gasper/)

[Weak subjectivity](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/weak-
subjectivity/)

[Attestations](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/attestations/)

[PoS rewards and penalties](/en/developers/docs/consensus-
mechanisms/pos/rewards-and-penalties/)

[PoS attack and defense](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/attack-
and-defense/)

[Keys](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/keys/)

[Proof-of-stake versus proof-of-work](/en/developers/docs/consensus-
mechanisms/pos/pos-vs-pow/)

[Block proposal](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/block-proposal/)

[Proof-of-stake FAQs](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/faqs/)

[Proof-of-authority](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/poa/)

Ethereum stack

[Intro to the stack](/en/developers/docs/ethereum-stack/)

[Smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/)

[Smart contract languages](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/languages/)

[Smart contract anatomy](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/anatomy/)

[Smart contracts libraries](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/libraries/)

[Testing smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/testing/)

[Compiling smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/compiling/)

[Deploying smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/deploying/)

[Verifying smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/verifying/)

[Upgrading smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/upgrading/)

[Smart contract security](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/security/)

[Smart contract formal verification](/en/developers/docs/smart-
contracts/formal-verification/)

[Composability](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/composability/)

[Development networks](/en/developers/docs/development-networks/)

[Development frameworks](/en/developers/docs/frameworks/)

Ethereum client APIs

[JavaScript APIs](/en/developers/docs/apis/javascript/)

[Backend APIs](/en/developers/docs/apis/backend/)

[JSON-RPC](/en/developers/docs/apis/json-rpc/)

[Data and analytics](/en/developers/docs/data-and-analytics/)

[Block explorers](/en/developers/docs/data-and-analytics/block-explorers/)

[Storage](/en/developers/docs/storage/)

[Integrated Development Environments (IDEs)](/en/developers/docs/ides/)

[Programming languages](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/)

[Dart](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/dart/)

[Delphi](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/delphi/)

[.NET](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/dot-net/)

[Golang](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/golang/)

[Java](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/java/)

[JavaScript](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/javascript/)

[Python](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/python/)

[Ruby](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/ruby/)

[Rust](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/rust/)

Advanced

[Bridges](/en/developers/docs/bridges/)

[Standards](/en/developers/docs/standards/)

[Token standards](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/)

[ERC-20: Fungible Tokens](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/erc-20/)

[ERC-721: NFTs](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/erc-721/)

[ERC-777](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/erc-777/)

[ERC-1155](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/erc-1155/)

[ERC-4626](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/erc-4626/)

[Maximal extractable value (MEV)](/en/developers/docs/mev/)

[Oracles](/en/developers/docs/oracles/)

[Scaling](/en/developers/docs/scaling/)

[Optimistic rollups](/en/developers/docs/scaling/optimistic-rollups/)

[Zero-knowledge rollups](/en/developers/docs/scaling/zk-rollups/)

[State channels](/en/developers/docs/scaling/state-channels/)

[Sidechains](/en/developers/docs/scaling/sidechains/)

[Plasma](/en/developers/docs/scaling/plasma/)

[Validium](/en/developers/docs/scaling/validium/)

[Data availability](/en/developers/docs/data-availability/)

[Networking layer](/en/developers/docs/networking-layer/)

[Network addresses](/en/developers/docs/networking-layer/network-addresses/)

[Portal Network](/en/developers/docs/networking-layer/portal-network/)

[Data structures and encoding](/en/developers/docs/data-structures-and-
encoding/)

[Patricia Merkle Trie](/en/developers/docs/data-structures-and-
encoding/patricia-merkle-trie/)

[Recursive-length prefix (RLP)](/en/developers/docs/data-structures-and-
encoding/rlp/)

[Simple serialize (SSZ)](/en/developers/docs/data-structures-and-
encoding/ssz/)

[Web3 secret storage definition](/en/developers/docs/data-structures-and-
encoding/web3-secret-storage/)

Design fundamentals

[Intro to design and UX](/en/developers/docs/design-and-ux/)

# Design and UX in web3

H

Last edit: [@HayattiQ(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/HayattiQ), April
12, 2024

See contributors

On this page

  * Start with user research
  * Research studies in web3
  * Design for web3
  * Web3 Design Case Studies
  * Design Bounties
  * Design DAOs and communities
  * Design Systems

Are you new to designing with Ethereum? This is the right place for you. The
Ethereum community has written resources to introduce you to web3 design and
research basics. You'll learn about core concepts that may differ from other
app designs you're familiar with.

Need a more basic understanding of web3 first? Check out [**Learn
hub**](/en/learn/).

## Start with user research

Effective design goes beyond creating visually appealing user interfaces. It
involves gaining a deep understanding of the user's needs, objectives, and
driving factors. Therefore, we highly recommend that all designers adopt a
design process, such as the [**double diamond process**(opens in a new
tab)](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Double_Diamond_\(design_process_model\)),
to ensure that their work is deliberate and intentional.

  * [Web3 needs more UX Researchers and Designers(opens in a new tab)](https://blog.akasha.org/akasha-conversations-9-web3-needs-more-ux-researchers-and-designers) \- An overview of current design maturity
  * [A simple guide to UX Research in web3(opens in a new tab)](https://uxplanet.org/a-complete-guide-to-ux-research-for-web-3-0-products-d6bead20ebb1) \- Simple guide how to do research
  * [How to Approach UX Decisions in Web3(opens in a new tab)](https://archive.devcon.org/archive/watch/6/data-empathy-how-to-approach-ux-decisions-in-web3/) \- A brief overview of quantitative and qualitative research and the differences between the two (video, 6 min)
  * [Being a ux researcher in web3(opens in a new tab)](https://medium.com/@georgia.rakusen/what-its-like-being-a-user-researcher-in-web3-6a4bcc096849) \- A personal view on what it is like being a UX researcher in web3

## Research studies in web3

This is a curated list of user research done in web3 that may help with design
and product decisions or work as an inspiration to conduct own study.

Area of focus| Name  
---|---  
Crypto onboarding| [CRADL: Crypto Research and Design Lab(opens in a new
tab)](https://project-cradl.notion.site/Crypto-Research-and-Design-
Lab-50a7127f34ed4c88ad95c7cedf7fbe36)  
Crypto onboarding| [CRADL: UX in Cryptocurrency(opens in a new
tab)](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1s2OPSH5sMJzxRYaJSSRTe8W2iIoZx0PseIV-
WeZWD1s/edit?usp=sharing)  
Crypto onboarding| [CRADL: Onboarding to Cryptocurrency(opens in a new
tab)](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1R9nFuzA-R6SxaGCKhoMbE4Vxe0JxQSTiHXind3LVq_w/edit?usp=sharing)  
Crypto onboarding| [Bitcoin UX report(opens in a new
tab)](https://github.com/patestevao/BitcoinUX-report/blob/master/report.md)  
Crypto onboarding| [ConSensys: The State of Web3 perception around the world
2023(opens in a new tab)](https://consensys.io/insight-report/web3-and-crypto-
global-survey-2023)  
Crypto onboarding| [NEAR: Accelerating the journey towards adoption(opens in a
new
tab)](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1VuaQP4QSaQxR5ddQKTMGI0b0rWdP7uGn/view)  
Staking| [Staking: Key trends, takeaways, and predictions - Eth Staker(opens
in a new
tab)](https://lookerstudio.google.com/u/0/reporting/cafcee00-e1af-4148-bae8-442a88ac75fa/page/p_ja2srdhh2c?s=hmbTWDh9hJo)  
Staking| [Multi App Staking(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/threshold-
network/UX-User-Research/blob/main/Multi-App%20Staking%20\(MAS\)/iterative-
user-study/MAS%20Iterative%20User%20Study.pdf)  
DAO| [2022 DAO Research Update: What do DAO Builders Need?(opens in a new
tab)](https://blog.aragon.org/2022-dao-research-update/)  
DeFi| [The state of Defi 2023(opens in a new tab)](https://stateofdefi.org/)  
DeFi| [Coverage pools(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/threshold-
network/UX-User-Research/tree/main/Keep%20Coverage%20Pool)  
DeFi| [ConSensys: DeFi User Research Report 2022(opens in a new
tab)](https://cdn2.hubspot.net/hubfs/4795067/ConsenSys%20Codefi-
Defi%20User%20ResearchReport.pdf)  
Metaverse| [Metaverse: User Research Report(opens in a new
tab)](https://www.politico.com/f/?id=00000187-7685-d820-a7e7-7e85d1420000)  
Metaverse| [Going on Safari: Researching Users in the Metaverse(opens in a new
tab)](https://archive.devcon.org/archive/watch/6/going-on-safari-researching-
users-in-the-metaverse/?tab=YouTube) (video, 27 min)  
Ethereum.org UX stats| [Usability and user satisfaction survey dashboard -
Ethereum.org(opens in a new
tab)](https://lookerstudio.google.com/reporting/0a189a7c-a890-40db-a5c6-009db52c81c9)  
  
## Design for web3

  * [Web3 Design Principles(opens in a new tab)](https://medium.com/@lyricalpolymath/web3-design-principles-f21db2f240c1) \- A framework of UX rules for blockchain based dapps
  * [Blockchain Design Principles(opens in a new tab)](https://medium.com/design-ibm/blockchain-design-principles-599c5c067b6e) \- Lessons learned by the blockchain design team at IBM
  * [Dimensions of web3 UX(opens in a new tab)](https://uxdesign.cc/the-levels-of-web3-user-experience-4f2ad113e37d) \- An analysis of different layers of web3 UX and its challenges
  * [Web3 Design Patterns(opens in a new tab)](https://www.web3designpatterns.io/)\- A curated library of design patterns from real Web3 products
  * [W3design.io(opens in a new tab)](https://w3design.io/) \- A curated library of UI flows of different projects in the ecosystem
  * [Neueux.com(opens in a new tab)](https://neueux.com/apps) \- UI library of user flows with diverse filtering options
  * [Web3's Usability Crisis: What You NEED to Know!(opens in a new tab)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oBSXT_6YDzg) \- A panel discussion on pitfalls of developer focused project building (video, 34 min)

## Web3 Design Case Studies

  * [How to write better web3 error messages(opens in a new tab)](https://medium.com/@JonCrabb/how-to-design-better-web3-error-messages-bd96e12fa582)
  * [Defi design tips(opens in a new tab)](https://medium.com/@JonCrabb/defi-design-tips-vol-12-8600f4374714)
  * [Deep Work Studio(opens in a new tab)](https://deepwork.studio/case-studies/)
  * [Crypto UX Handbook(opens in a new tab)](https://www.cryptouxhandbook.com/)
  * [Selling an NFT on OpenSea(opens in a new tab)](https://builtformars.com/case-studies/opensea)
  * [Wallet UX teardown how wallets need to change(opens in a new tab)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oTpuxYj8JWI&ab_channel=ETHDenver) (video, 20 min)

## Design Bounties

  * [Dework(opens in a new tab)](https://app.dework.xyz/bounties)
  * [Gitcoin(opens in a new tab)](https://bounties.gitcoin.co/explorer)
  * [Buildbox hackathons(opens in a new tab)](https://gitcoin.co/hackathons)
  * [ETHGlobal(opens in a new tab)](https://ethglobal.com/)

## Design DAOs and communities

Get involved in professional community-driven organizations or join design
groups to discuss design and research related topics and trends with other
members.

  * [Vectordao.com(opens in a new tab)](https://vectordao.com/)
  * [Deepwork.studio(opens in a new tab)](https://www.deepwork.studio/)
  * [Designer-dao.xyz(opens in a new tab)](https://www.designer-dao.xyz/)
  * [We3.co(opens in a new tab)](https://we3.co/)
  * [Openux.xyz(opens in a new tab)](https://openux.xyz/about)
  * [web3trends.org(opens in a new tab)](https://web3trends.org/)
  * [Open Source Web3Design(opens in a new tab)](https://www.web3designers.org/)

## Design Systems

  * [Optimism Design(opens in a new tab)](https://www.figma.com/@optimism) (Figma)
  * [Ethereum.org Design system(opens in a new tab)](https://www.figma.com/@ethdotorg) (Figma)
  * [Finity, a design system by Polygon(opens in a new tab)](https://www.figma.com/community/file/1073921725197233598/finity-design-system) (Figma)
  * [Kleros Design System(opens in a new tab)](https://www.figma.com/community/file/999852250110186964/kleros-design-system) (Figma)
  * [Safe Design System(opens in a new tab)](https://www.figma.com/community/file/1337417127407098506/safe-design-system) (Figma)
  * [ENS Design system(opens in a new tab)](https://thorin.ens.domains/)
  * [Mirror Design System(opens in a new tab)](https://degen-xyz.vercel.app/)

**Articles and projects listed on this page are not official endorsements** ,
and are provided for informational purposes only. We add links to this page
based on criteria in our [listing policy](/en/contributing/design/adding-
design-resources/). If you'd like us to add a project/article, edit this page
on [GitHub(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/ethereum/ethereum-org-
website/blob/dev/public/content/developers/docs/design-and-ux/index.md).

back-to-top ↑

### Was this article helpful?

YesNo

![👈](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f448.svg)

Previous

[Web3 secret storage definition](/en/developers/docs/data-structures-and-
encoding/web3-secret-storage/)

  * [Edit page(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/ethereum/ethereum-org-website/tree/dev/public/content/developers/docs/design-and-ux/index.md)
  * On this page

    * Start with user research
    * Research studies in web3
    * Design for web3
    * Web3 Design Case Studies
    * Design Bounties
    * Design DAOs and communities
    * Design Systems

Website last updated: May 22, 2024

[(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/ethereum/ethereum-org-
website)[(opens in a new tab)](https://twitter.com/ethdotorg)[(opens in a new
tab)](https://discord.gg/ethereum-org)

### Learn

  * [Learn Hub](/en/learn/)
  * [What is Ethereum?](/en/what-is-ethereum/)
  * [What is ether (ETH)?](/en/eth/)
  * [Ethereum wallets](/en/wallets/)
  * [What is Web3?](/en/web3/)
  * [Smart contracts](/en/smart-contracts/)
  * [Gas fees](/en/gas/)
  * [Run a node](/en/run-a-node/)
  * [Ethereum security and scam prevention](/en/security/)
  * [Quiz Hub](/en/quizzes/)
  * [Ethereum glossary](/en/glossary/)

### Use

  * [Guides](/en/guides/)
  * [Choose your wallet](/en/wallets/find-wallet/)
  * [Get ETH](/en/get-eth/)
  * [Dapps - Decentralized applications](/en/dapps/)
  * [Stablecoins](/en/stablecoins/)
  * [NFTs - Non-fungible tokens](/en/nft/)
  * [DeFi - Decentralized finance](/en/defi/)
  * [DAOs - Decentralized autonomous organizations](/en/dao/)
  * [Decentralized identity](/en/decentralized-identity/)
  * [Stake ETH](/en/staking/)
  * [Layer 2](/en/layer-2/)

### Build

  * [Builder's home](/en/developers/)
  * [Tutorials](/en/developers/tutorials/)
  * [Documentation](/en/developers/docs/)
  * [Learn by coding](/en/developers/learning-tools/)
  * [Set up local environment](/en/developers/local-environment/)
  * [Grants](/en/community/grants/)
  * [Foundational topics](/en/developers/docs/intro-to-ethereum/)
  * [UX/UI design fundamentals](/en/developers/docs/design-and-ux/)
  * [Enterprise - Mainnet Ethereum](/en/enterprise/)
  * [Enterprise - Private Ethereum](/en/enterprise/private-ethereum/)

### Participate

  * [Community hub](/en/community/)
  * [Online communities](/en/community/online/)
  * [Ethereum events](/en/community/events/)
  * [Contributing to ethereum.org](/en/contributing/)
  * [Translation Program](/en/contributing/translation-program/)
  * [Ethereum bug bounty program](/en/bug-bounty/)
  * [Ethereum Foundation](/en/foundation/)
  * [Ethereum Foundation Blog(opens in a new tab)](https://blog.ethereum.org/)
  * [Ecosystem Support Program(opens in a new tab)](https://esp.ethereum.foundation)
  * [Devcon(opens in a new tab)](https://devcon.org/)

### Research

  * [Ethereum Whitepaper](/en/whitepaper/)
  * [Ethereum roadmap](/en/roadmap/)
  * [Improved security](/en/roadmap/security/)
  * [Technical history of Ethereum](/en/history/)
  * [Open research](/en/community/research/)
  * [Ethereum Improvement Proposals](/en/eips/)
  * [Ethereum governance](/en/governance/)

  * [About us](/en/about/)
  * [Ethereum brand assets](/en/assets/)
  * [Code of conduct](/en/community/code-of-conduct/)
  * [Jobs](/en/about/#open-jobs)
  * [Privacy policy](/en/privacy-policy/)
  * [Terms of use](/en/terms-of-use/)
  * [Cookie policy](/en/cookie-policy/)
  * [Press Contact(opens in a new tab)](mailto:press@ethereum.org)

Is this page helpful?

