Metaco.com will be sunset as of June 7, 2024

[Learn more](https://ripple.com/solutions/digital-asset-custody/ "Learn more")

Skip to main content

[![Metaco](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/logo.svg?x88149)![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/logo-w.svg?x88149)](https://www.metaco.com)

  * Solutions __

__Solutions

Solutions

    * [__Global Custodians Build tomorrow's market infrastructure ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/global-custodians-top-tier-banks/)
    * [__Universal Banks Satisfy demand for new asset classes ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/universal-banks/)
    * [__Neobanks & FintechsFind new routes to monetization ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/neobanks-fintechs/)
    * [__Regulated Exchanges Grow volumes and profit margins ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/regulated-exchanges/)
    * [__Corporates Boost customer loyalty and engagement ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/corporates/)

  * Platform __

__Platform

Platform

Deploy ambitious digital asset use cases with the most secure and versatile
infrastructure.

    * [__Harmonize™ Platform Overview Issue, store, trade, transfer, settle and service any type of digital asset. ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/harmonize/)
    * [__Custody Hot, warm and institutional cold storage ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/custody/)
    * [__Trading Powerful order execution, funding and settlement ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/trading/)
    * [__Web3 Web3 Portal spanning NFTs, DeFi and DApps ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/web3/)
    * [__Governance Entirely customizable risk and compliance controls ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/governance/)
    * [__Orchestration A single source of truth for managing all digital assets ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/orchestration/)
    * [__Tokenization Asset-agnostic smart contract management framework ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/tokenization/)
    * [__Integration Fully integrable platform following enterprise standards ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/integration/)
    * [__Security Highest protection against insider and external threats ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/security/)

  * Company __

__Company

Company

    * [__About](https://www.metaco.com/company/about/)
    * [__Media & news](https://www.metaco.com/company/media-coverage-press-releases/)
    * [__Careers](https://www.metaco.com/careers/)

  * Resources __

__Resources

Resources

    * [__Talks](https://www.metaco.com/resources/talks/)
    * [__Webinars](https://www.metaco.com/resources/webinars/)
    * [__Case studies](https://www.metaco.com/resources/case-studies/)
    * [__Reports](https://www.metaco.com/resources/reports/)
    * [__Blog](https://www.metaco.com/resources/blog/)

[Contact](https://www.metaco.com/contact/ "Contact")

[Media Feature](https://www.metaco.com/category/media-feature/)

# Bloomberg: Crypto Enthusiasm Prompts Philippine Bank to Launch Trading

  *  __ January 20, 2022
  *  __2 min
  *  __Chanyaporn Chanjaroen and Ditas Lopez

Share

  * [ __](https://www.linkedin.com/sharing/share-offsite/?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.metaco.com%2Fmedia-feature%2Fbloomberg-metaco-media-feature%2F)
  * [__](https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Metaco+https%3A%2F%2Fwww.metaco.com%2Fmedia-feature%2Fbloomberg-metaco-media-feature%2F+via+%40metaco_sa)

#### Union Bank of the Philippines plans to offer trading and custodial
services for cryptocurrencies to capitalize on fast adoption of digital tokens
in the Asian nation.

The average Filipino investor will likely hold 3% to 5% of their personal
assets in digital assets like Bitcoin in five years assuming markets are
“stable,” up from around 1% to 2% now, said Cathy Casas, head of the bank’s
blockchain and application programing interface group. Many crypto investors
are young people, some of whom earn tokens from play-to-earn virtual games,
she said.

> “It’s a way to future-proof our banking business,”

Casas said in an interview.

About 5% of the local population have dabbled in cryptocurrencies, Casas
estimated. That’s in line with the global average, according to an estimate
from Binance Holdings Ltd., operator of the world’s largest cryptocurrency
exchange.

[…]

The bank’s custodial services for digital assets will also be capable of
covering tokenized bonds, Casas said. In 2019, UnionBank became the first
Philippine lender to launch its own stablecoin — called PHX — providing rural
banks in its network easier access to remittances and payments.

UnionBank will use a system developed by Switzerland’s Metaco for managing its
digital-asset operations, according to a statement from Metaco on Thursday.

To continue reading, please see [the original article on
bloomberg.com](https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2022-01-20/crypto-
enthusiasm-prompts-philippine-bank-to-launch-trading)



[See original
article](https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2022-01-20/crypto-enthusiasm-
prompts-philippine-bank-to-launch-trading "See original article")

![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/footer.png?x88149)

## **Explore** more

  * ![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/10/coindesk_full-logo_square.png?x88149)

[Media Feature](https://www.metaco.com/category/media-feature/)

February 7, 2023### [Coindesk: Crypto Custody Tech Firm Metaco Taps IBM Execs
to Revamp Institutional Push](https://www.metaco.com/media-feature/coindesk-
metaco-exco-mpc/ "Coindesk: Crypto Custody Tech Firm Metaco Taps IBM Execs to
Revamp Institutional Push")

  * ![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/10/gobal-custodian_full-logo_square.png?x88149)

[Media Feature](https://www.metaco.com/category/media-feature/)

February 7, 2023### [Global Custodian: Metaco is proving itself again and
again](https://www.metaco.com/media-feature/global-custodian-metaco-enables-
the-worlds-largest-banks-to-capitalize-on-the-digital-asset-economy/ "Global
Custodian: Metaco is proving itself again and again")

  * ![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/11/cointelegraph_full-logo_square.png?x88149)

[Media Feature](https://www.metaco.com/category/media-feature/)

November 18, 2022### [Cointelegraph: Banks still show interest in digital
assets and DeFi amid market chaos](https://www.metaco.com/media-
feature/cointelegraph-defi-banks-crypto-metaco/ "Cointelegraph: Banks still
show interest in digital assets and DeFi amid market chaos")

[![Metaco](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/logo-w.svg?x88149)](https://www.metaco.com)

  * [Solutions](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/)
    * [Global Custodians](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/global-custodians-top-tier-banks/)
    * [Universal Banks](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/universal-banks/)
    * [Neobanks & Fintechs](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/neobanks-fintechs/)
    * [Regulated Exchanges](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/regulated-exchanges/)
    * [Corporates](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/corporates/)
  * [Platform](https://www.metaco.com/platform/)
    * [Harmonize™](https://www.metaco.com/platform/harmonize/)
    * [Custody](https://www.metaco.com/platform/custody/)
    * [Trading](https://www.metaco.com/platform/trading/)
    * [Web3](https://www.metaco.com/platform/web3/)
    * [Governance](https://www.metaco.com/platform/governance/)
    * [Orchestration](https://www.metaco.com/platform/orchestration/)
    * [Tokenization](https://www.metaco.com/platform/tokenization/)
    * [Integration](https://www.metaco.com/platform/integration/)
    * [Security](https://www.metaco.com/platform/security/)
  * [Company](https://www.metaco.com/company/media-coverage-press-releases/)
    * [About](https://www.metaco.com/company/about/)
    * [Media & news](https://www.metaco.com/company/media-coverage-press-releases/)
    * [Jobs](https://www.metaco.com/jobs/)
  * [Resources](https://www.metaco.com/resources/)
    * [Talks](https://www.metaco.com/resources/talks/)
    * [Webinars](https://www.metaco.com/resources/webinars/)
    * [Case studies](https://www.metaco.com/resources/case-studies/)
    * [Reports](https://www.metaco.com/resources/reports/)
    * [Blog](https://www.metaco.com/resources/blog/)

![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/10/sco2.png?x88149)![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/10/iso27001.png?x88149)

  * [__](https://www.twitter.com/metaco_sa "Twitter: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")
  * [__](https://www.linkedin.com/company/metaco-ag/ "Linkedin: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")
  * [__](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC4MLOKnJD9bXfHVXMnHM7ow "Youtube: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")
  * [__](https://open.spotify.com/show/0IiI7iftR3F3RqinfJbpRT "Spotify: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")

© 2015-2024 - Metaco SA - All Rights Reserved |[ Terms & Conditions](https://www.metaco.com/terms-conditions/) | [Privacy Policy](https://www.metaco.com/privacy-policy/) | [Cookie policy](https://www.metaco.com/cookie-policy/)

