We are now in Incentivized Beta! Join our
[discord](https://discord.gg/8NxzRj9ayN).

[![Grass](/_next/image?url=%2Fimages%2Flogo%2Fgrass-black-
logo.png&w=3840&q=75)](/)

[Blog](/blog)[FAQ](https://wynd-network.gitbook.io/grass-
docs/introduction/faq)[Careers](https://boards.greenhouse.io/wyndlabs)

[Download Grass](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/grass-
extension/ilehaonighjijnmpnagapkhpcdbhclfg?hl=en&authuser=0)[Open
Dashboard](https://app.getgrass.io)[Blog](/blog)[FAQ](https://wynd-
network.gitbook.io/grass-
docs/introduction/faq)[Careers](https://boards.greenhouse.io/wyndlabs)

## Privacy Policy

Grass - Privacy Policy

Last Modified: April 10, 2024

Introduction

At Lower Tribeca Corp. (the "Company," "we," "our," "us," or "WYND"), we take
protecting your privacy very seriously. This “Privacy Policy” describes the
types of information we may collect from you or that you may provide when you
visit our website located at [https://wyndlabs.ai/](https://www.wyndlabs.ai/)
and its sub-pages, including any content or functionality offered on or
through the website-hosted user interface accessible via "
[https://app.getgrass.io/](https://app.getgrass.io) (collectively, the
"Website"), and our practices for collecting, using, maintaining, and
disclosing that information. This Privacy Policy supplements our [Terms of
Use,](/terms-and-conditions)" which applies to this document and controls to
the extent necessary to resolve any material conflict.

You (the "User") must read the Privacy Policy carefully before using the
Website. **By using the Website, you accept and agree to be bound and abide by
this Privacy Policy, and the [Terms of Use](/terms-and-conditions)**. If you
do not agree to the Privacy Policy, [Terms of Use](/terms-and-conditions), or
any documents that are incorporated herein by reference, you must not access
or use the Website. This policy may change from time to time, and by
continuing to use our Website or provide us with your information, you agree
to those changes. We encourage you to check the Privacy Policy periodically
for updates.

The Privacy Policy applies to information we collect:

  * On the Website.
  * In email, text, and other electronic messages between you and the Website.
  * When you interact with our advertising and applications on third-party websites and services, if those applications or advertising include links to this policy.

This Privacy Policy does not apply to information collected by:

  * The Company offline or through any other means, including but not limited to, on any other website operated by the Company or any third party (including our affiliates and subsidiaries); or
  * Any third party (including our affiliates and subsidiaries), including but not limited to, any application or content that may link to or be accessible from or on the Website.

This policy may change from time to time, and by continuing to use our Website
or provide us with your information, you agree to those changes. We encourage
you to check this Privacy Policy periodically for updates.

Children Under the Age of 18:

Our Website is not intended for children under 18 years of age. No one under
age 18 may provide any information to us, including on the Website. We do not
knowingly collect personal information from children under 18. If you are
under 18, do not use or provide any information on this Website or through any
of its features, or provide any information about yourself to us, including
your name, address, telephone number, email address, or any blockchain
identity or records related to you. If we learn we have collected or received
personal information from a child under 18 without verification of parental
consent, we will delete that information. If you believe we might have any
information from or about a child under 18, please contact us at
privacy@wynd.network.

The Kinds of Personal Information We Collect:

**Information You Provide to Us:** The information we collect through our
Website may include:

  * Information submitted in forms on our Website, such as during registration, when participating in events or promotions we sponsor, and when reporting an issue with our Website.
  * By which you may be personally identified, such as name and email address ("**Personal Information**");
  * Correspondence records, including email addresses, if you contact us for support or inquiries.
  * Blockchain-related identifiers, such as your public key address or other public identifiers linked to your blockchain activities.
  * Your IP address;
  * Information on the API queries made, including but not limited to, timestamps, frequency of requests, and types of data requested;
  * API query logs, detailing the timestamps, frequency, and types of data requests made by your account.
  * Transactional details on the platform, including records of data scraped, bandwidth supplied, and any other relevant activities.

**Information Collected Automatically:** When using our Website, we may use
automatic data collection technologies to collect certain information about
your equipment, browsing actions and patterns, including but not limited to:

  * Information about your internet connection;
  * Information about the equipment, software, and configurations you use to access our website;
  * Usage details, including but not limited to, the total time you spend on our website, the time you spend on each page and in what order those pages were visited and the internal links clicked, the general geographic location from which you access our Website, which browser and operating system you are using to visit our Website, and the referring website; and
  * Performance details, including but not limited to, monitor page load times, CPU/memory usage, browser crashes and React component rendering.

The information we collect automatically is only statistical data and does
not, itself, include Personal Information, though it may be correlated with
other Personal Information to build a unique profile about you (for example,
in relation to your publicly viewable blockchain activities; see the section
below entitled _Privacy & The Blockchain_). Nonetheless, we do not perform
such associations to build unique user profiles and only use this information
to help us improve our Website and to deliver a better and more personalized
service, including by enabling us to:

  * Estimate our audience size and usage patterns;
  * Store information about your preferences, allowing us to customize our Website according to your individual interests;
  * Speed up your searches; or
  * Recognize you when you return to our Website.

The technologies we use for this automatic data collection may include:

  * **Cookies (or browser cookies).** A cookie is a small file placed on the hard drive of your computer. Users may refuse to accept browser cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser. However, if you select this setting, you may be unable to access certain parts of our Website. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will issue cookies when you direct your browser to our Website.
  * **Flash Cookies.** Certain features of our Website may use local stored objects (or Flash cookies) to collect and store information about your preferences and navigation to, from, and on our Website. Flash cookies are not managed by the same browser settings as are used for browser cookies. For information about managing your privacy and security settings for Flash cookies, see the section below entitled _How We Use Your Information & Why We Collect It._
  * **Web Beacons.** Pages of our Website and our emails may contain small electronic files known as web beacons (also referred to as clear gifs, pixel tags, and single-pixel gifs) that permit the Company, for example, to count users who have visited those pages or opened an email and for other related website statistics (for example, recording the popularity of certain website content and verifying system and server integrity).

We have pages on social media sites like Medium, X (Twitter), and Discord.
When you interact with our social media pages, we may collect Personal
Information that you elect to provide to us, such as your contact details. In
addition, the companies that host our social media pages may provide us with
aggregate information and analytics about our social media activity.

How We Use Your Information & Why We Collect It:

We may use any information that we collect about you or that you provide to us
to do the following:

  * To present our Website and its contents to you;
  * To provide you with information, products, or services that you request from us;
  * To fulfill any other purpose for which you provide it;
  * To carry out our obligations and enforce our rights arising from any contracts entered into between you and us, including for billing and collection;
  * To notify you about changes to our Website or any products or services we offer or provide though it;
  * To market or advertise the Website;
  * To improve our processes and the delivery of our Website and services;
  * To allow you to participate in interactive features on our Website;
  * To help facilitate the ongoing development of our suite of blockchain-based software applications;
  * In any other way we may describe when you provide the information; or
  * For any other purpose with your consent.

We may also use your information to contact you about our own and third
parties’ goods and services that may be of interest to you. If you do not want
us to use your information in this way, please click the "unsubscribe" link or
follow the unsubscribe instructions in such a communication. For more
information, see the section below entitled _Disclosure of Your Information_.

We may aggregate or de-identify Personal Information so that it may no longer
be used to identify you and use such information to analyze the effectiveness
of our services, to improve and add features to our services, to conduct
research and for other similar purposes. In addition, from time to time, we
may analyze the general behavior and characteristics of users of our services
and share aggregated information like general user statistics with third
parties, publish such aggregated information or make such aggregated
information generally available. We may collect aggregated information through
the services, through cookies, and through other means described in this
Privacy Policy. We will maintain and use de-identified information in
anonymous or de-identified form, and we will not attempt to re-identify the
information, unless required by law.

Disclosure of Your Information:

We may disclose aggregated information and information that does not directly
identify any individual about our users without restriction. We may disclose
Personal Information that you provide to us as described in this Privacy
Policy:

  * To our subsidiaries and affiliates; 
  * To contractors, service providers, and other third parties we use to support our Website and services;
  * To a buyer or successor in the event of a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution or other sale or transfer of some or all of the Company’s assets, whether as a going concern or as a part of bankruptcy, liquidation, or similar proceeding;
  * To fulfill the purpose for which you provide it;
  * For any other purpose disclosed by us when you provide the information; or
  * With your consent.

We may also disclose your Personal Information:

  * To comply with any court order, law, or legal process, including to respond to any government or regulatory request;
  * To enforce or apply our [Terms of Use](/terms-and-conditions) and other agreements, including for billing and collection purposes; or
  * If we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to protect the rights, property, or safety of the Website, our services, our customers, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for the purposes of fraud protection, credit risk reduction, or identifying malicious actors using our products or blockchain networks generally.

We do not sell your Personal Information to third-parties for monetary
compensation.

Privacy & The Blockchain:

A key feature of many blockchain technologies is the transparency and public
accessibility of on-chain transactions. This includes but is in no way limited
to your public sending address ("**public key**") and any other information
that you choose to include. Additionally, information stored on-chain may be
public, immutable, and not easily removed or deleted and, in many cases,
cannot be deleted. Your public addresses may reveal information about you and
this information can potentially be correlated now or in the future by any
party who chooses to do so, including law enforcement. If you’re not yet
familiar with how blockchain technology works, especially its transparent and
public characteristics, we recommend you explore this topic further. This
understanding is crucial if you plan to engage with any future rewards or
ownership systems that may involve blockchain transactions.

Your Choices:

We strive to provide you with choices regarding the Personal Information you
provide to us. We have created mechanisms to provide you with the following
control over your information:

  * **Tracking Technologies and Advertising.** You can set your browser to refuse all or some browser cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. To learn how you can manage your Flash cookie settings, visit the Flash player settings page on [Adobe’s website](https://www.adobe.com/privacy/opt-out.html). If you disable or refuse cookies, please note that some parts of this site may then be inaccessible or not function properly.
  * **Promotional Offers from the Company.** If you do not wish to have your email address used by the Company to promote our own or third parties’ products or services, you can opt-out by clicking the “unsubscribe” link at the bottom of such an email that we send you.

Data Security:

We have implemented measures designed to secure your Personal Information from
accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration, and disclosure.
The safety and security of your information also depends on you. Where we have
given you (or where you have chosen) a password for access to certain parts of
our Website, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. This
applies to any private keys you may use in relation to our Website or our
services. We ask you not to share your password or private keys with anyone.

Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not
completely secure. Although we do our best to protect your Personal
Information, we cannot guarantee the security of your Personal Information
transmitted to our Website. Any transmission of Personal Information is at
your own risk. We are not responsible for circumvention of any privacy
settings or security measures contained on the Website.

Special Disclosures for European Users:

As a resident of the European Union ("**EU**") or European Economic Area
("**EEA**"), you possess certain rights under the General Data Protection
Regulation ("**GDPR**"). Our commitment is to ensure the privacy and
protection of your personal data. Below are your rights, detailed in a manner
that respects the unique requirements of GDPR:

  * **The right to access** – You have the right to request copies of your personal data from us. We may charge you a small fee for this service.
  * **The right to rectification** – You have the right to request that we correct any information you believe is inaccurate. You also have the right to request that we complete the information you believe is incomplete.
  * **The right to erasure** – You have the right to request that we erase your personal data, under certain conditions.
  * **The right to restrict processing** – You have the right to request that we restrict the processing of your personal data, under certain conditions.
  * **The right to object to processing** – You have the right to object to our processing of your personal data, under certain conditions.
  * **The right to data portability** – You have the right to request we transfer the data that we have collected to another organization, or directly to you, under certain conditions.

If you would like to exercise any of these rights, please contact us at
info@wynd.network. If you make a request, we will respond within one month.

If you reside within the EEA, the GDPR grants you specific rights concerning
your personal data. "Personal Information" within this policy is equivalent to
"personal data" as defined by the GDPR.

**Legal Basis for Processing:** We process your data based on lawful
justifications, including but not limited to, your consent, the necessity for
contract fulfillment, and our legitimate interests.

**Data Subject Requests:** EEA residents have the right to access, correct,
delete, or transfer their personal data, and to object to or limit its
processing. Should you wish to exercise these rights, contact us as outlined
below. Note, certain requests may impact our ability to deliver our services
to you.

**Questions or Complaints:** EEA residents with concerns about our data
handling practices not resolved to their satisfaction have the right to lodge
a complaint with their local Data Protection Authority. Visit EU Data
Protection Authorities for contact details.

For California Residents:

Under the California Civil Code Section § 1798.83, if you reside in
California, you have the right to request information regarding the disclosure
of your personal information by us to third parties for the third parties’
direct marketing purposes. To inquire about our practices related to the
sharing of information with third parties and affiliates for their direct
marketing purposes, please contact us at info@wynd.network.

Changes to Our Privacy Policy:

It is our policy to post any changes we make to our Privacy Policy on this
page. If we make material changes to how we treat our Users’ Personal
Information, we will notify you through a notice on the Website home page. The
date the Privacy Policy was last revised is identified at the top of the page.
You are responsible for ensuring we have an up-to-date active and deliverable
email address for you, and for periodically visiting our Website and this
Privacy Policy to check for any changes.

What if I have questions about this Privacy Policy?

If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please send us a detailed
message to privacy@wynd.network and we will try to resolve your concerns and
provide further information.

[![Grass](/_next/image?url=%2Fimages%2Flogo%2Fgrass-primary-
logo.png&w=3840&q=75)](/)

[](https://twitter.com/getgrass_io)[](https://discord.gg/8NxzRj9ayN)

[Home](/)[Blog](/blog)[FAQ](https://wynd-network.gitbook.io/grass-
docs/introduction/faq)[Careers](https://boards.greenhouse.io/wyndlabs)[Media
Kit](/media-kit)

* * *

All Rights Reserved.

[Privacy Policy](/privacy-policy)[Terms & Conditions](/terms-and-conditions)

