Metaco.com will be sunset as of June 7, 2024

[Learn more](https://ripple.com/solutions/digital-asset-custody/ "Learn more")

Skip to main content

[![Metaco](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/logo.svg?x88149)![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/logo-w.svg?x88149)](https://www.metaco.com)

  * Solutions __

__Solutions

Solutions

    * [__Global Custodians Build tomorrow's market infrastructure ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/global-custodians-top-tier-banks/)
    * [__Universal Banks Satisfy demand for new asset classes ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/universal-banks/)
    * [__Neobanks & FintechsFind new routes to monetization ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/neobanks-fintechs/)
    * [__Regulated Exchanges Grow volumes and profit margins ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/regulated-exchanges/)
    * [__Corporates Boost customer loyalty and engagement ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/corporates/)

  * Platform __

__Platform

Platform

Deploy ambitious digital asset use cases with the most secure and versatile
infrastructure.

    * [__Harmonize™ Platform Overview Issue, store, trade, transfer, settle and service any type of digital asset. ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/harmonize/)
    * [__Custody Hot, warm and institutional cold storage ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/custody/)
    * [__Trading Powerful order execution, funding and settlement ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/trading/)
    * [__Web3 Web3 Portal spanning NFTs, DeFi and DApps ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/web3/)
    * [__Governance Entirely customizable risk and compliance controls ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/governance/)
    * [__Orchestration A single source of truth for managing all digital assets ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/orchestration/)
    * [__Tokenization Asset-agnostic smart contract management framework ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/tokenization/)
    * [__Integration Fully integrable platform following enterprise standards ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/integration/)
    * [__Security Highest protection against insider and external threats ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/security/)

  * Company __

__Company

Company

    * [__About](https://www.metaco.com/company/about/)
    * [__Media & news](https://www.metaco.com/company/media-coverage-press-releases/)
    * [__Careers](https://www.metaco.com/careers/)

  * Resources __

__Resources

Resources

    * [__Talks](https://www.metaco.com/resources/talks/)
    * [__Webinars](https://www.metaco.com/resources/webinars/)
    * [__Case studies](https://www.metaco.com/resources/case-studies/)
    * [__Reports](https://www.metaco.com/resources/reports/)
    * [__Blog](https://www.metaco.com/resources/blog/)

[Contact](https://www.metaco.com/contact/ "Contact")

Metaco Harmonize

# **Scale new business models** in the digital asset economy

[Request a demo](https://www.metaco.com/contact/ "Request a demo")

## Deploy ambitious **digital asset use cases**

With the most secure and versatile core platform for institutional digital
asset management.

  * __

### Store, trade and transfer

Thousands of digital assets

  * __

### Tokenize and manage

Regulated and non-regulated assets

  * __

### Connect and embed

Into all relevant Web3 DApps securely

  * ### **Absolute protection of cryptographic key material**

Optimal combination of multi-party computation and hardware security with
complete air-gapping capabilities.

  * ### **Strict enforcement of governance policies**

Entirely customizable risk and compliance controls with no central points of
compromise.

  * ### **Massive universe of distributed ledger protocols**

Extensive support for all major public and permissioned ledgers,
cryptocurrencies, DeFi tokens and smart contracts.

[Learn more about custody](https://www.metaco.com/platform/custody/ "Learn
more about custody")

![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/01/connectivity-exchanges-
subcustodians-and-web3.png?x88149)

  * ### **Direct connectivity to the regulated ecosystem**

Full integration of exchanges, custodians and settlement networks.

  * ### **Smart access to exchanges and liquidity venues**

Direct execution of trade orders on external liquidity venues and integration
to market-leading OEMS for smart order routing and settlement.

  * ### **Universal gateway towards institutional DeFi and Web3**

Configurable connectivity to thousands of DApps and smart contracts.

[Learn more about Web3 capabilities](https://www.metaco.com/platform/web3/
"Learn more about Web3 capabilities")

  * ![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/08/wh.png?x88149)

1/4

 ____

Testimonials

“This partnership represents a new milestone for us, allowing us to build a
multi-asset, multi-provider platform which will offer full connectivity across
traditional and digital assets. Our objective is to offer our clients a single
view of all these different types of assets for complete transparency, greater
operational efficiency and risk management.”

![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/08/bp.png?x88149)

Wayne Hughes

Head of Digital Assets, BNP Securities Services

[Learn more](https://www.metaco.com/press-release/bnp-paribas-securities-
services-selects-metaco-to-develop-digital-assets-custody-capabilities/ "Learn
more")

  * ![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/11/jean_marc_stenger.jpg?x88149)

2/4

 ____

Testimonials

“Bridging the digital asset industry and traditional finance requires a
multifaceted approach incorporating institutional-grade technology,
regulation, as well as industrial capacities. By **partnering with Metaco** ,
SG – FORGE will be able to leverage their secure infrastructure to ensure that
we have a solid foundation to grow our digital asset market activities.”

![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/01/sg-
forge-300-x-150.png?x88149)

Jean-Marc Stenger

CEO at Societe Generale - FORGE

[Learn more](https://www.metaco.com/press-release/societe-generale-forge-
partners-with-metaco-to-expand-its-institutional-digital-assets-capabilities/
"Learn more")

  * ![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/12/andreas-sack-deka.jpg?x88149)

3/4

 ____

Testimonials

“Our extensive due diligence process clearly pointed out that **Metaco
Harmonize** brings an unparalleled value proposition. It fits our ambition to
build a highly secure, infrastructure- and asset-agnostic architecture model.
Our operations will be independent, scalable and secure. As a result, we have
laid the foundation for the assets of the future.”

![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/uploads/2023/01/dekabank-300-x-150.png?x88149)

Andreas Sack

Head of Digital Assets Custody and Infrastructure, DekaBank

[Learn more](https://www.metaco.com/press-release/dekabank-technology-
partnership-metaco/ "Learn more")

  * ![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/02/nils-christopeit-dz-bank.png?x88149)

4/4

 ____

Testimonials

“Our requirements around security, scalability and future-proofness of our
digital asset custody initiative were highly complex, and **Metaco Harmonize**
proved to be the only solution fit for purpose and able to support our target
operating model. With the offering we can build by leveraging this technology,
we can create long-lasting competitive advantage”

![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/02/dz-
bank-300x150-1.png?x88149)

Nils Christopeit

Lead Solution Design Digital Custody, DZ BANK

[Learn More](https://www.metaco.com/press-release/dzbank-metaco-strategic-
cooperation-digitalasset-custody-tokenization/ "Learn More")

## Access our **thought leadership**

Orchestration: the key for your digital asset infrastructure

[Download the white paper](https://www.metaco.com/resources/whitepaper-
orchestration/ "Download the white paper")

  * ### **Scalable tokenization capabilities**

End-to-end smart contract and token lifecycle management to turn securities
and non-regulated assets into digital tokens.

  * ### **Infrastructure-agnostic and integration-ready**

Full-featured APIs leveraging industry best practices, deployed on-premise or
as SaaS.

  * ### **Practical user interfaces for business users**

Ready-to-use front-ends for administrators, operators and auditors, with
intuitive and seamless user experience.

[Learn more about tokenization
capabilities](https://www.metaco.com/platform/tokenization/ "Learn more about
tokenization capabilities")

![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/01/dashboard-smart-
conctracts-1280x1280.png?x88149)

## The standard for **top-tier banks**

More than half of the world’s largest global custodian banks, as well as many
regional, universal banks and corporates, have chosen Metaco Harmonize as the
core platform for their current and future digital asset operations.

  * __

### Highest market-rated**security**

  *  __

### Virtually unlimited**scalability**

  *  __

### Multi-jurisdictional**compliance**

  *  __

### Broadest**connectivity**

  *  __

### Many-to-many**orchestration**

  *  __

### Unparalleled**network**

## **Start building** now

Find out how other leading top-tier banks, custodians, exchanges and financial
institutions are building a digital asset custody business on top of Metaco
Harmonize.

[Request access](https://www.metaco.com/contact/ "Request access")

![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/footer.png?x88149)

[![Metaco](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/logo-w.svg?x88149)](https://www.metaco.com)

  * [Solutions](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/)
    * [Global Custodians](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/global-custodians-top-tier-banks/)
    * [Universal Banks](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/universal-banks/)
    * [Neobanks & Fintechs](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/neobanks-fintechs/)
    * [Regulated Exchanges](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/regulated-exchanges/)
    * [Corporates](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/corporates/)
  * [Platform](https://www.metaco.com/platform/)
    * [Harmonize™](https://www.metaco.com/platform/harmonize/)
    * [Custody](https://www.metaco.com/platform/custody/)
    * [Trading](https://www.metaco.com/platform/trading/)
    * [Web3](https://www.metaco.com/platform/web3/)
    * [Governance](https://www.metaco.com/platform/governance/)
    * [Orchestration](https://www.metaco.com/platform/orchestration/)
    * [Tokenization](https://www.metaco.com/platform/tokenization/)
    * [Integration](https://www.metaco.com/platform/integration/)
    * [Security](https://www.metaco.com/platform/security/)
  * [Company](https://www.metaco.com/company/media-coverage-press-releases/)
    * [About](https://www.metaco.com/company/about/)
    * [Media & news](https://www.metaco.com/company/media-coverage-press-releases/)
    * [Jobs](https://www.metaco.com/jobs/)
  * [Resources](https://www.metaco.com/resources/)
    * [Talks](https://www.metaco.com/resources/talks/)
    * [Webinars](https://www.metaco.com/resources/webinars/)
    * [Case studies](https://www.metaco.com/resources/case-studies/)
    * [Reports](https://www.metaco.com/resources/reports/)
    * [Blog](https://www.metaco.com/resources/blog/)

![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/10/sco2.png?x88149)![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/10/iso27001.png?x88149)

  * [__](https://www.twitter.com/metaco_sa "Twitter: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")
  * [__](https://www.linkedin.com/company/metaco-ag/ "Linkedin: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")
  * [__](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC4MLOKnJD9bXfHVXMnHM7ow "Youtube: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")
  * [__](https://open.spotify.com/show/0IiI7iftR3F3RqinfJbpRT "Spotify: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")

© 2015-2024 - Metaco SA - All Rights Reserved |[ Terms & Conditions](https://www.metaco.com/terms-conditions/) | [Privacy Policy](https://www.metaco.com/privacy-policy/) | [Cookie policy](https://www.metaco.com/cookie-policy/)

