[![Untitled UI logomark](https://assets-global.website-
files.com/65298be98463cc3a8a0d7d4a/65580f0610fc4a00597b272c_Symbol.svg)![Untitled
UI logotext](https://assets-global.website-
files.com/65298be98463cc3a8a0d7d4a/6536bc3a9c3fa5553856743e_Text.svg)](/)

[Hocme](/)

Resources

![](https://assets-global.website-
files.com/65298be98463cc3a8a0d7d4a/6538630780fee071fdeb7623_Chevron.svg)

[![](https://assets-global.website-
files.com/65298be98463cc3a8a0d7d4a/65484e4df4d90d724e63ca73_play.svg)Video
tutorialsWatch and learn about GOOSEFX with guided
walkthroughs.](https://www.youtube.com/@GooseFX1)[![](https://assets-
global.website-
files.com/65298be98463cc3a8a0d7d4a/65484e5a2efa4dbb07442597_Blog%20filled.svg)DocumentationLearn
about GOOSEFX and how we work in-
depth.](https://docs.goosefx.io/)[![](https://assets-global.website-
files.com/65298be98463cc3a8a0d7d4a/65484e65a6c2f6a8f371a54a_help-
square.svg)Help and supportLearn, fix a problem, and get answers to your
questions.](https://discord.com/channels/833693973687173121/833725691983822918)[![](https://assets-
global.website-
files.com/65298be98463cc3a8a0d7d4a/65ef451707398afc17f7f067_Media%20Kit.svg)Media
KitBrand and assets, including our logo, content and trademarks.](/media-kit)

Socials

![](https://assets-global.website-
files.com/65298be98463cc3a8a0d7d4a/6538630780fee071fdeb7623_Chevron.svg)

[![](https://assets-global.website-
files.com/65298be98463cc3a8a0d7d4a/66353903e9d959a1657ff1ff_Socials%3DX%2C%20Theme%3DDarkmode%2C%20State%3DHover.svg)Twitter](https://twitter.com/GooseFX1)[![](https://assets-
global.website-
files.com/65298be98463cc3a8a0d7d4a/6635396d991ca3d93e8e3f29_Socials%3DDiscord%2C%20Theme%3DDarkmode%2C%20State%3DHover.svg)Discord](https://discord.com/invite/cDEPXpY26q)[![](https://assets-
global.website-
files.com/65298be98463cc3a8a0d7d4a/6635398c12a7e55d73617b47_Socials%3DTelegram%2C%20Theme%3DDarkmode%2C%20State%3DHover.svg)Telegram](https://t.me/goosefx)

[Launch App](https://app.goosefx.io/farm)

[Launch App](https://app.goosefx.io/farm)

![](https://assets-global.website-
files.com/65298be98463cc3a8a0d7d4a/653860022fec2c9c648155a8_Hamburger.svg)

[ Home](/)

6 min read

# What is GooseFX?

![](https://assets-global.website-
files.com/65524f1894a7538fd4c31e4d/656a92f8a7d01fc94a088443_1.svg)

Published on

December 12, 2023

Uncover GooseFX's innovative DeFi ecosystem, featuring v2 SSL Pools, a
powerful Perps DEX, and a sleek NFT aggregator. Stake GOFX tokens, earn
rewards, and join us in reshaping DeFi and NFTs on Solana.

## Introduction

In our past few blogs, weâve explored a lot of different protocols from
[Marinade Finance](https://www.blog.goosefx.io/top-5-yield-farming-protocols-
on-solana/) to [Meteora](https://www.blog.goosefx.io/what-is-meteora-on-
solana/). However, _the Intern_ would like to shift the focus to
[GooseFX](https://app.goosefx.io/farm?ref=blog.goosefx.io) for once and take
you through what weâve built in the past year and how our token GOFX is
powering this Super app on Solana.

So, without further ado, letâs dive in!

Also, stay tuned till the end if you want to know how our _Super App_ helps
you earn _super r_ ewards!

### SSL (Single Sided Liquidity) V2 Pools

**TL;DR Why should you deposit on our Farms? ð**

  * Deposit a single asset! to earn yields.
  * Over 100% APY across multiple pools like $mSOL, $BONK!
  * Our model helps us maximize capital efficiency and yield!  

Launched recently, our [v2 SSL
Pools](https://twitter.com/GooseFX1/status/1696553337498558720?ref=blog.goosefx.io)
are the latest addition to GooseFXâs super app! _SSL_ or Single Sided
Liquidity Pools allows you to earn yield on your crypto assets by providing
liquidity. The catch however is that unlike traditional pools that require you
to deposit two assets for providing liquidity, our SSL Pools only require a
single asset thus**helping you reduce Impermanent Loss**!

What are you waiting for? Go to our SSL Pools ([GooseFX
Farm](https://app.goosefx.io/farm?ref=blog.goosefx.io)) and start earning
yield!

Currently, we have 5 Pools including SOL, mSOL, BONK, USDC and USDT. These
pools are segregated into 3 different types based on their volatility and
hence how much return they could provide namely; Stable , Primary and Hyper
pools.

These pools are based on a _revolutionary in-house_ AMM Model with a core
focus on capital efficiency and maximising yield, enhancing earning potential
over time without any extra effort on your part.

Finally, prior to our launch, we had also rolled out an early access for some
users. If you were on our WhiteList or held some $BONK tokens, you got a
_sneak peek_ before everyone else

For more information about our [Single Sided Liquidity
Pools](https://docs.goosefx.io/features/farm/dynamic-ssl?ref=blog.goosefx.io),
check out [GooseFX docs
page](https://docs.goosefx.io/features/farm?ref=blog.goosefx.io).

### Perps DEX

**TL;DR Why should you trade on GooseFX Perps DEX?**

  * Best Fee structure across all Perps DEX on Solana!
  * Tight Spreads and High Liquidity!
  * We take our [Perps DEX security](https://twitter.com/GooseFX1/status/1663207769758117895?ref=blog.goosefx.io) seriously!
  * Stand a chance to win amazing prizes with our Raffles!
  * Sleek UI!

Our Perps DEX allows you to trade perpetual futures with top-tier spreads and
the best fee structures on Solana.

â

>  _You only have to pay 0.05% Taker Fees on GooseFX as opposed to 0.1% on
> other protocols_

Not only this, you can also earn rebates for _Market Making_ on our DEX and
also stand a chance to win some amazing prizes in our weekly trading
competitions!

â

Finally, You can also utilize
[BuddyLink](https://twitter.com/BuddyLinkApp?ref=blog.goosefx.io) and refer
your friends to our Perps DEX and earn 20% of the taker fees generated by
them!

â

 _Currently_ , we only have SOL-Perps however as we grow, weâll be bringing
more markets!

> For more information about our [Perps
> Dex](https://app.goosefx.io/?ref=blog.goosefx.io), visit [GooseFX docs
> page](https://docs.goosefx.io/?ref=blog.goosefx.io)

### **Stake Rewards Program**

This is where our token $**GOFX** comes into play. Staking your $GOFX tokens
allows you to earn a share of**fees generated platform-wide**. The fees are
collected from a range of our offerings, including our _NFT aggregator, our
Perps DEX, and single-sided liquidity pools_.

Remember the more you stake, the higher your rewards would be!

â

Weâve also added a 7-Day cooldown period when withdrawing your tokens for a
smooth process. It is also to ensure that no other user is affected by any
other withdrawals unintentionally.

## What's in it for you?

At GooseFX, we place our users at the forefront, striving to create a dApp
designed with you in mind.

With that, let's dive into our tokenomics!

â

We share the revenue generated across all our platforms with you, our valued
users. _For instance_ , on our _Perps DEX_ , **50%** of the fees generated is
distributed to GOFX token stakers. Similarly, when it comes to our NFT
Aggregator, **50%** of the fees generated also goes to our $GOFX stakers,
ultimately earning them USDC by simply staking $GOFX.

Coming onto our _v2 SSL Pools_ is where things get interesting. Here, **7.5%**
of the total fees generated are allocated to $GOFX stakers, while another
**5%** is used for our Buyback and Burn program. But that's not all â
**7.5%** of the fees allocated to Marketing which benefits Market Makers and
fuels our Raffle system. Lastly, a generous **50%** of the fees generated goes
directly to our Liquidity Providers in the v2 Pools!

Across all our products, the majority of the generated fees find their way
back to **you â our valued users**!

â

## Ending Thoughts

We've spent the past year and a half diligently curating the best offerings
for any DeFi user and bring the Super App narrative a reality! We've crafted a
suite of powerful products, including our innovative v2 SSL Pools, Perps DEX
and the NFT Aggregator! We're committed to pushing the boundaries of DeFi and
NFTs, and we invite you to join us in this adventure!

Until next time,

_Intern_ Out!

â

### **Stay Tuned
with**[**#GooseAcademy**](https://twitter.com/hashtag/GooseGang?src=hashtag_click&ref=blog.goosefx.io)

[**Website**](https://www.goosefx.io/?ref=blog.goosefx.io)**|**[**Twitter**](https://twitter.com/GooseFX1?ref=blog.goosefx.io)**|**[**Telegram**](https://t.me/goosefx?ref=blog.goosefx.io)**|**[**Discord**](https://discord.gg/cDEPXpY26q?ref=blog.goosefx.io)**|**[**Docs**](https://docs.goosefx.io/?ref=blog.goosefx.io)

 _Disclaimer: The statements, proposals, and details above are informational
only, and subject to change. We are in early-stage development and may need to
change dates, details, or the project as a whole based on the protocol, team,
legal or regulatory needs, or due to developments of Solana/Serum. Nothing
above should be construed as financial, legal, or investment advice._

â

â

