[ New: Wallet recovery made easy with Ledger Recover, provided by Coincover
Get started ](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-recover)

Our Website now exists in . Do you want to change languages?

Yes, please No, I'm good

You can revert to English at any time by clicking on the language menu on the
top right corner of the page.

[ ![Ledger](https://www.ledger.com/wp-
content/themes/ledger-v2/public/images/ledger-logo-long.svg)
](https://www.ledger.com "Ledger")

  * Products
    * [Ledger Stax](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-stax "Ledger Stax")
    * [Ledger Nano X](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-nano-x "Ledger Nano X")
    * [Ledger Nano S Plus](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-nano-s-plus "Ledger Nano S Plus")
    * [Compare our devices](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/hardware-wallets-comparison "Compare our devices")
    * [Packs](https://shop.ledger.com/#category-bundle "Packs")
    * [Accessories](https://shop.ledger.com/#category-accessories "Accessories")
    * [Collaborations](https://www.ledger.com/collaborations "Collaborations")
    * [See all products](https://shop.ledger.com "See all products")
    * [Download Ledger Live](https://www.ledger.com/ledger-live "Download Ledger Live")
    * [Supported crypto](https://www.ledger.com/supported-crypto-assets "Supported crypto")
  * App and services
    * [Ledger Live](https://www.ledger.com/ledger-live "Ledger Live")
    * [Ledger Recover](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-recover "Ledger Recover")
    * [CL Card](https://www.ledger.com/cl-card "CL Card")
    * [Supported Services](https://www.ledger.com/supported-services "Supported Services")
    * [Crypto Prices](https://www.ledger.com/coin/price "Crypto Prices")
  * Learn
    * [Ledger Academy](https://www.ledger.com/academy "Ledger Academy")
    * [Learn and Earn](https://quest.ledger.com/ "Learn and Earn")
    * [Classroom](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-web-30-everything-you-need-to-know "Classroom")
    * [Blog](/blog "Blog")
    * [What is a crypto wallet](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/2-how-to-own-crypto/what-is-a-crypto-wallet "What is a crypto wallet")
    * [How to Buy](https://www.ledger.com/buy "How to Buy")
    * [How to Swap](https://www.ledger.com/swap "How to Swap")
    * [How to Stake](https://www.ledger.com/staking "How to Stake")
  * For Business
    * [Ledger Enterprise Solutions](https://enterprise.ledger.com?utm_source=mainsite&utm_medium=header "Ledger Enterprise Solutions")
    * [Ledger Partners](/partners "Ledger Partners")
    * [Ledger Co-branded Partnership](https://co-branded.ledger.com/ "Ledger Co-branded Partnership")
  * [For Developers](https://developers.ledger.com/ "For Developers")
  * [Support](https://support.ledger.com/hc "Support")
  * English
    * This page is available in English only

[__](https://shop.ledger.com/cart "Ledger Shop")

__

[Blog](https://www.ledger.com/blog/secure-staking-with-ledger-enterprise-
mitigating-risks-and-overcoming-challenges) __[Blog
posts](https://www.ledger.com/category/blog-posts "Blog posts")

[Blog posts](https://www.ledger.com/category/blog-posts "Blog posts"), [Enterprise](https://www.ledger.com/category/enterprise "Enterprise"), [Product](https://www.ledger.com/category/product-news "Product") | 10/05/2022 

# Secure staking with Ledger Enterprise: mitigating risks and overcoming
challenges

Staking can create additional revenue streams and generate passive income with
relatively little effort. But staking at an enterprise level also comes with
risks and challenges.

[Blog](https://www.ledger.com/blog/secure-staking-with-ledger-enterprise-
mitigating-risks-and-overcoming-challenges) __[Blog
posts](https://www.ledger.com/category/blog-posts "Blog posts")

![Secure staking with Ledger Enterprise: mitigating risks and overcoming
challenges](https://www.ledger.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/10/05-10-BlogpostHeader.png)  
**Things to know:**_  
_  
---  
  
–[Ledger Enterprise](http://enterprise.ledger.com) is a global technology
provider empowering organizations to participate in the digital asset
ecosystem securely and at scale. The company now offers its clients an easy,
secure, and cost-effective way to stake Polkadot and Ethereum 2.0.  
  
–[ Besides opportunities such as passive income and maximizing
ROI](https://www.ledger.com/blog/stake-with-ledger-enterprise-put-your-assets-
to-work-and-generate-rewards), staking at an enterprise level also comes with
challenges.  
  
– Should you choose a custodial or non-custodial staking solution? How to
maintain the infrastructure necessary to stake? And how to avoid slashing
penalties?  
  
– Together with our partners—Figment and Kiln—Ledger Enterprise is here to
guide you, answer questions, and provide you with the best infrastructure to
stake Polkadot and Ethereum 2.0 without extensive engineering resources and
with a flexible, turnkey system.  
  
As discussed in [our previous blog post](https://www.ledger.com/blog/stake-
with-ledger-enterprise-put-your-assets-to-work-and-generate-rewards), staking
can create additional revenue streams and generate passive income with
relatively little effort. After all, why let assets in custody stagnate when
you could put them to work?

Besides opportunities, staking at an enterprise level also comes with risks
and challenges. Should you choose custodial or non-custodial solutions? How to
avoid slashing penalties?

Let’s take a closer look at these challenges, and how Ledger addresses them.

**Challenge #1: Staking with custodial or non-custodial solution**

Both options have their pros and cons. With a custodial solution, you rely on
infrastructure providers and transfer the assets to a third party who will
then stake on your behalf. On the other hand, a non-custodial solution would
require more extensive engineering resources and in-house specialists.

And some solutions, like Ledger Enterprise, provide you with the best of both
worlds— robust infrastructure necessary to stake assets and ownership over the
private keys and therefore, assets.

**Challenge #2: Maintenance**

Blockchain networks are complex and they are constantly undergoing
infrastructure changes, patches, updates, and upgrades. Additionally, you need
to deploy and maintain a separate node for each blockchain, which makes
staking even more challenging.

**Challenge #3: Slashing**

Slashing ensures that a node is participating in staking and complying with
its requirements. Events such as not maintaining your node, going offline for
a certain period of time, technical issues, and double signing lead to
penalties.

### How Ledger Enterprise addresses these challenges

Ledger Enterprise sets the staking infrastructure in a way that clients remain
in full control over the assets and rewards but at the same time avoid complex
and resource-heavy integrations. In other words, you can delegate directly
from our secure environment in a few clicks and earn rewards, while keeping
ownership and control of your assets.

Together with our partners—Figment and Kiln—we’re providing the infrastructure
to enable custodians to put assets to work and stake Polkadot and Ethereum 2.0
without extensive engineering resources and with a flexible, multi-layered
security system.

**Protection from hacks and errors with ClearSigning**

When you broadcast a transaction on the blockchain, you are exposed to
different attack vectors. Ledger Enterprise protects your business from
address swap attacks, phishing attempts, and accidental delegation to the
wrong validator address. To enable this, we developed a
[ClearSigning](https://blog.ledger.com/clear-sign-your-worries-
away/#:~:text=At%20Ledger%2C%20we%20consider%20Clear,success%20in%20the%20crypto%20world.)
technology that guarantees that **What You See Is What You Sign**.

**Hardware for maximum security**

Our staking capabilities are protected by a unique combination of hardware,
software, and firmware. The assets and corresponding private keys are always
secured by a Hardware Security Module (HSM). Staking rewards can only be
withdrawn to your Ledger Enterprise Address and only you are able to access
the funds.

**Governance and control tailored for professional use  **

With Ledger Enterprise, you can manage all staking activities with customized
workflows and rules that can be implemented in just a few clicks. This allows
you to have clear segregation of duties and operations, giving your team more
flexibility and your company’s leadership more visibility.

**Automation to maximize yield and productivity**

With Ledger Enterprise, you can replace 100% of your manual staking
operations. Using our API, you can trigger actions based on specific events to
automatically stake the treasury you are not using. You can also automate
liquidity management to always have a specific amount of assets in the
treasury and put the rest at work.

### Ledger Enterprise: your all-in-one secure platform for Web3 interactions

[](https://www.facebook.com/Ledger/)
[__](https://www.instagram.com/ledger/)[](https://twitter.com/Ledger)
[](https://www.linkedin.com/company/ledgerhq/)
[](https://www.reddit.com/r/ledgerwallet/)
[__](https://www.tiktok.com/@ledger)

More articles

[](https://www.ledger.com/blog-cargo-checkct-our-home-made-tool-guarding-
against-timing-attacks-is-now-open-source "Cargo-checkct: our home-made tool
guarding against timing attacks is now open-source!")

[Blog posts](https://www.ledger.com/category/blog-posts "Blog posts"), [Donjon](https://www.ledger.com/category/donjon "Donjon") | 05/17/2024 

Cargo-checkct: our home-made tool guarding against timing attacks...

[Read more](https://www.ledger.com/blog-cargo-checkct-our-home-made-tool-
guarding-against-timing-attacks-is-now-open-source "Cargo-checkct: our home-
made tool guarding against timing attacks is now open-source!")

[](https://www.ledger.com/blog/device-apps-tutorials "Master Ledger Device
Apps development with step-by-step tutorials")

[Blog posts](https://www.ledger.com/category/blog-posts "Blog posts"), [Tech](https://www.ledger.com/category/tech "Tech") | 05/07/2024 

Master Ledger Device Apps development with step-by-step tutorials...

[Read more](https://www.ledger.com/blog/device-apps-tutorials "Master Ledger
Device Apps development with step-by-step tutorials")

[](https://www.ledger.com/ledger-and-samsung-strengthen-their-partnership-
providing-uncompromising-security-to-the-samsung-tv "Ledger and Samsung
Strengthen Their Partnership, Providing Uncompromising Security to the Samsung
TV ")

[Blog posts](https://www.ledger.com/category/blog-posts "Blog posts"), [Company](https://www.ledger.com/category/company-news "Company") | 04/11/2024 

Ledger and Samsung Strengthen Their Partnership, Providing Uncomp...

[Read more](https://www.ledger.com/ledger-and-samsung-strengthen-their-
partnership-providing-uncompromising-security-to-the-samsung-tv "Ledger and
Samsung Strengthen Their Partnership, Providing Uncompromising Security to the
Samsung TV ")

### Stay in touch

Announcements can be found in our blog. Press contact:  
[media@ledger.com](mailto:media@ledger.com)

  * [__](https://www.reddit.com/r/ledgerwallet/ "Ledger Reddit")
  * [__](https://www.facebook.com/Ledger/ "Ledger Facebook")
  * [__](https://www.instagram.com/ledger/ "Ledger Instagram")
  * [__](https://twitter.com/Ledger "Ledger Twitter")
  * [__](https://www.youtube.com/Ledger "Ledger Youtube")
  * [__](https://www.linkedin.com/company/ledgerhq "Ledger Linkedin company")
  * [__](https://www.tiktok.com/@ledger "Ledger Tiktok")
  * [__](https://discord.com/invite/ledger "Ledger Discord")

### Subscribe to our  
newsletter

New coins supported, blog updates and exclusive offers directly in your inbox

  

Enter your email

Register to newsletter

Your email address will only be used to send you our newsletter, as well as
updates and offers. You can unsubscribe at any time using the link included in
the newsletter.

[Learn more about how we manage your data and your
rights.](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/privacy-notice#ledger-newsletter)

[![](https://www.ledger.com/wp-content/themes/ledger-v2/public/images/ledger-
logo-long.svg)](https://www.ledger.com "Ledger")

  * English
    * This page is available in English only

Copyright © Ledger SAS. All rights reserved. Ledger, Ledger Stax, Ledger Nano
S, Ledger Vault, Bolos are trademarks owned by Ledger SAS.  
  
1 rue du Mail, 75002 Paris, France  
  
Payment methods  
![](/wp-content/uploads/2021/11/logo-paypal-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-crypto-s.png?v=6)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-bitpay-s.png?v=6)  
![](/wp-content/uploads/2021/11/layer1.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-visa-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-maestro-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-mastercard-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-cb-s.png?v=2)

  * Products
    * [Ledger Stax](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-stax)
    * [Ledger Nano X](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-nano-x)
    * [Ledger Nano S Plus](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-nano-s-plus)
    * [Compare our devices](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/hardware-wallets-comparison)
    * [Bundles](https://shop.ledger.com/#category-bundle)
    * [Accessories](https://shop.ledger.com/#category-accessories)
    * [All products](https://shop.ledger.com)
    * [Downloads](https://www.ledger.com/ledger-live)

  * Crypto Assets
    * [Bitcoin wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/bitcoin)
    * [Ethereum wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/ethereum)
    * [Cardano wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/cardano)
    * [XRP wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/ripple)
    * [Monero wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/monero)
    * [USDT wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/tether)
    * [See all assets](https://www.ledger.com/supported-crypto-assets)

  * Crypto Services
    * [Crypto Prices](https://www.ledger.com/coin/price)
    * [Buy crypto](https://www.ledger.com/buy)
    * [Staking crypto](https://www.ledger.com/staking)
    * [Swap crypto](https://www.ledger.com/swap)

  * For Business
    * [Ledger Enterprise Solutions](https://enterprise.ledger.com/)

  * For Startups
    * [Funding from Ledger Cathay Capital](https://www.ledger.com/cathay-ledger-fund)

  * For Developers
    * [The Developer Portal](https://developers.ledger.com/)

  * Get started
    * [Start using your Ledger device](https://www.ledger.com/start)
    * [Compatible wallets and services](https://www.ledger.com/ledger-wallets-and-services)
    * [How to buy Bitcoin](https://www.ledger.com/buy-bitcoin)
    * [Guide before buying bitcoin](https://www.ledger.com/buy-bitcoin/how)
    * [Bitcoin Hardware Wallet](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/bitcoin-hardware-wallet)

  * See also
    * [Support](https://support.ledger.com/hc)
    * [Bounty program](https://donjon.ledger.com/bounty/)
    * [Resellers](/reseller)
    * [Ledger Press Kit](https://www.ledger.com/press)
    * [Affiliates](https://www.ledgerwallet.com/affiliates/)
    * [Status](https://status.ledger.com/)
    * [Partners](/partners)

  * Careers
    * [Join us](https://www.ledger.com/career)
    * [All jobs](https://www.ledger.com/jobs)

  * About
    * [Our vision](https://www.ledger.com/blog/we-are-ledger-a-brand-vision)
    * [Ledger Academy](https://www.ledger.com/academy)
    * [The company](/the-company)
    * [The people](/the-people-behind-ledger)
    * [Diversity](https://www.ledger.com/diversity)
    * [Blog](/blog)

  * Legal
    * [Legal Center](https://www.ledger.com/legal-center)
    * [Sales Terms and Conditions](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/terms-and-conditions)
    * [Privacy Policy](https://www.ledger.com/privacy-policy)
    * [Disclaimers](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/disclaimers)

![](https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=237213137153741&ev=PageView&noscript=1)

