Skip to main content

[](/en/)

  * Learn
  * Use
  * Build
  * Participate
  * Research

Search```K`

Languages EN

  1. [Home](/en/)/
  2. [Guides](/en/guides/)/
  3. [How to "create" an Ethereum account](/en/guides/how-to-create-an-ethereum-account/)

Page last updated: March 8, 2024

On this page

  * Step 1: Choose a wallet
  * Step 2: Download and install your wallet app
  * Step 3: Open the app and create your Ethereum account
  * Step 4: Store your recovery phrase
  * Frequently asked questions
    * Are my wallet and my Ethereum account the same?
    * Can I send bitcoin to an Ethereum address, or ether to a Bitcoin address?
    * If I own an ETH address, do I own the same address on other blockchains?
    * Is having my own wallet safer than keeping my funds on an exchange?
    * If I lose my phone/hardware wallet, do I need to use the same wallet app again to recover the lost funds?

# How to create an Ethereum account

Anyone can create an Ethereum account at any time, for free. There are several
ways, but the easiest and most common way is to use an app known as a wallet.
Wallets create and secure the _keys_ that enable you to use Ethereum. You can
use your wallet to send transactions, check your token balances and connect to
apps built on Ethereum, such as token exchanges, games, _NFT_ marketplaces and
more. Some "web2" apps now allow you to sign in with Ethereum too.

Unlike opening a new account with a company, creating an Ethereum account is
done freely, privately and without requiring permission. Accounts are
controlled by keys that your wallet software helps you create, and are not
issued by a third party, nor stored in a central registry.

## Step 1: Choose a wallet

A wallet is an app that helps you manage your Ethereum account. It uses your
keys to send and receive transactions and sign in to apps. There are dozens of
different wallets to choose from‚Äîmobile, desktop, or even browser extensions.

[Find a wallet](/en/wallets/find-wallet/)

If you are new, you can select the ‚ÄúNew to crypto‚Äù filter on the "find a
wallet" page to identify wallets that should include all necessary features
suitable for beginners.

[![Filter selection on 'find a wallet'
page](/_next/image/?url=%2Fcontent%2Fguides%2Fhow-to-create-an-ethereum-
account%2Fwallet-box.png&w=828&q=75)](/content/guides/how-to-create-an-
ethereum-account/wallet-box.png)

There are also other profile filters to cater to your needs. These are
examples of commonly used wallets - you should do your own research before
trusting any software.

## Step 2: Download and install your wallet app

Once you have decided on a specific wallet, visit their official website or
app store, download and install it. All of them should be free.

## Step 3: Open the app and create your Ethereum account

The first time you open your new wallet you might be asked to choose between
creating a new account or importing an existing one. Click on the new account
creation.

## Step 4: Store your recovery phrase

Some apps will request you to save a secret 'seed phrase' (you might also see
this referred to as a "recovery phrase" or a "mnemonic"). Keeping this seed
phrase safe is extremely important! The seed phrase is used to generate a
secret key for an account which can be used to sign and send transactions. Any
person who knows the seed phrase can take control of all the accounts
generated by it. Never share the seed phrase with anyone. The seed phrase
should contain 12 to 24 randomly generated words (the order of the words
matters).

Once you have saved your seed phrase you should see your wallet dashboard with
your balance. Check out our guide: [how to use a wallet.](/en/guides/how-to-
use-a-wallet/)

  

![üëÄ](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f440.svg)

Want to learn more?

[See our other guides](/en/guides/)

## Frequently asked questions

### Are my wallet and my Ethereum account the same?

No. The wallet is a management tool that helps you to manage accounts. A
single wallet might give access to several accounts, and a single account can
be accessed by multiple wallets. The seed phrase is used to create accounts
that are then controlled by the wallet.

You can think of the accounts as leaves on a tree that all 'grow' from a
single seed phrase. Each unique seed will grow an entirely different tree of
accounts.

### Can I send bitcoin to an Ethereum address, or ether to a Bitcoin address?

No, you cannot. Bitcoin and ether exist on two separate networks (i.e.
different blockchains), each with their own bookkeeping models and address
formats. There have been various attempts to bridge the two different
networks, of which the most active one is currently [Wrapped bitcoin or
WBTC(opens in a new tab)](https://www.bitcoin.com/get-started/what-is-wbtc/).
This is not an endorsement, as WBTC is a custodial solution (meaning a single
group of people controls certain critical functions) and is provided here for
informational purposes only.

### If I own an ETH address, do I own the same address on other blockchains?

You can use the same _address_ on all blockchains that use similar underlying
software to Ethereum (known as 'EVM-compatible'). This [list(opens in a new
tab)](https://chainlist.org/) will show you which blockchains you can use with
the same address. Some blockchains, like Bitcoin, implement a completely
separate set of network rules and you will need a different address with a
different format. If you have a smart contract wallet you should check its
product website for more info on which blockchains are supported.

### Is having my own wallet safer than keeping my funds on an exchange?

Having your own wallet means you take responsibility for the security of your
assets. There are unfortunately many examples of failed exchanges that lost
their customers' money. Owning a wallet (with a seed phrase) removes the risk
associated with trusting some entity to hold your assets. However, you have to
secure your own keys and avoid phishing scams, accidentally approving
transactions or exposing keys, interacting with fake websites and other self-
custody risks. The risks and benefits are different.

### If I lose my phone/hardware wallet, do I need to use the same wallet app
again to recover the lost funds?

No, you can use a different wallet. As long as you have the seed phrase you
can enter it into most wallets and they will restore your account. Be careful
if you ever need to do this: it is best to make sure you are not connected to
the internet when recovering your wallet so that your seed phrase is not
accidentally leaked. It is often impossible to recover lost funds without the
seed phrase.

### Was this article helpful?

YesNo

  * [Edit page(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/ethereum/ethereum-org-website/tree/dev/public/content/guides/how-to-create-an-ethereum-account/index.md)
  * On this page

    * Step 1: Choose a wallet
    * Step 2: Download and install your wallet app
    * Step 3: Open the app and create your Ethereum account
    * Step 4: Store your recovery phrase
    * Frequently asked questions
      * Are my wallet and my Ethereum account the same?
      * Can I send bitcoin to an Ethereum address, or ether to a Bitcoin address?
      * If I own an ETH address, do I own the same address on other blockchains?
      * Is having my own wallet safer than keeping my funds on an exchange?
      * If I lose my phone/hardware wallet, do I need to use the same wallet app again to recover the lost funds?

Website last updated: May 22, 2024

[(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/ethereum/ethereum-org-
website)[(opens in a new tab)](https://twitter.com/ethdotorg)[(opens in a new
tab)](https://discord.gg/ethereum-org)

### Learn

  * [Learn Hub](/en/learn/)
  * [What is Ethereum?](/en/what-is-ethereum/)
  * [What is ether (ETH)?](/en/eth/)
  * [Ethereum wallets](/en/wallets/)
  * [What is Web3?](/en/web3/)
  * [Smart contracts](/en/smart-contracts/)
  * [Gas fees](/en/gas/)
  * [Run a node](/en/run-a-node/)
  * [Ethereum security and scam prevention](/en/security/)
  * [Quiz Hub](/en/quizzes/)
  * [Ethereum glossary](/en/glossary/)

### Use

  * [Guides](/en/guides/)
  * [Choose your wallet](/en/wallets/find-wallet/)
  * [Get ETH](/en/get-eth/)
  * [Dapps - Decentralized applications](/en/dapps/)
  * [Stablecoins](/en/stablecoins/)
  * [NFTs - Non-fungible tokens](/en/nft/)
  * [DeFi - Decentralized finance](/en/defi/)
  * [DAOs - Decentralized autonomous organizations](/en/dao/)
  * [Decentralized identity](/en/decentralized-identity/)
  * [Stake ETH](/en/staking/)
  * [Layer 2](/en/layer-2/)

### Build

  * [Builder's home](/en/developers/)
  * [Tutorials](/en/developers/tutorials/)
  * [Documentation](/en/developers/docs/)
  * [Learn by coding](/en/developers/learning-tools/)
  * [Set up local environment](/en/developers/local-environment/)
  * [Grants](/en/community/grants/)
  * [Foundational topics](/en/developers/docs/intro-to-ethereum/)
  * [UX/UI design fundamentals](/en/developers/docs/design-and-ux/)
  * [Enterprise - Mainnet Ethereum](/en/enterprise/)
  * [Enterprise - Private Ethereum](/en/enterprise/private-ethereum/)

### Participate

  * [Community hub](/en/community/)
  * [Online communities](/en/community/online/)
  * [Ethereum events](/en/community/events/)
  * [Contributing to ethereum.org](/en/contributing/)
  * [Translation Program](/en/contributing/translation-program/)
  * [Ethereum bug bounty program](/en/bug-bounty/)
  * [Ethereum Foundation](/en/foundation/)
  * [Ethereum Foundation Blog(opens in a new tab)](https://blog.ethereum.org/)
  * [Ecosystem Support Program(opens in a new tab)](https://esp.ethereum.foundation)
  * [Devcon(opens in a new tab)](https://devcon.org/)

### Research

  * [Ethereum Whitepaper](/en/whitepaper/)
  * [Ethereum roadmap](/en/roadmap/)
  * [Improved security](/en/roadmap/security/)
  * [Technical history of Ethereum](/en/history/)
  * [Open research](/en/community/research/)
  * [Ethereum Improvement Proposals](/en/eips/)
  * [Ethereum governance](/en/governance/)

  * [About us](/en/about/)
  * [Ethereum brand assets](/en/assets/)
  * [Code of conduct](/en/community/code-of-conduct/)
  * [Jobs](/en/about/#open-jobs)
  * [Privacy policy](/en/privacy-policy/)
  * [Terms of use](/en/terms-of-use/)
  * [Cookie policy](/en/cookie-policy/)
  * [Press Contact(opens in a new tab)](mailto:press@ethereum.org)

Is this page helpful?

### Key

In the context of Ethereum, keys are digital codes: a public key for receiving
transactions and a private key for accessing and sending funds.

### Non-fungible token (NFT)

Non-fungible-token (NFT ) is a unique digital item you can own, like art or
collectibles, verified by blockchain technology. [More on Non-Fungible Tokens
(NFTs)](/en/nft/).

### Address

An Ethereum address is a unique identifier used for receiving tokens,
functions similar to a bank account number for cryptocurrencies. Its used to
identify your Ethereum account.

