[](https://www.binance.com/en)

[Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/crypto/buy)

[Markets](https://www.binance.com/en/markets/overview)

Trade

Basic

  * [SpotBuy and sell on the Spot market with advanced tools](https://www.binance.com/en/trade/BTC_USDT?type=spot)
  * [MarginIncrease your profits with leverage](https://www.binance.com/en/trade?type=cross)
  * [P2PBuy & sell cryptocurrencies using bank transfer and 800+ options](https://p2p.binance.com/en)
  * [Convert & Block TradeThe easiest way to trade at all sizes](https://www.binance.com/en/convert)

Advanced

  * [Trading BotsTrade smarter with our various automated strategies - easy, fast and reliable](https://www.binance.com/en/trading-bots)
  * [Copy TradingFollow the most popular traders](https://www.binance.com/en/copy-trading)
  * [APIsUnlimited opportunities with one key](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-api)

[Futures](https://www.binance.com/en/futures/home)

  * [USDⓈ-M FuturesContracts settled in USDT and USDC](https://www.binance.com/en/futures)
  * [COIN-M FuturesContracts settled in cryptocurrency](https://www.binance.com/en/delivery)
  * [OptionsUSDT Options with limited downside and affordable entry](https://www.binance.com/en/eoptions)

[Earn](https://www.binance.com/en/earn)

[Square](https://www.binance.com/en/square)

  * [SquareStay informed with everything crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/square)
  * [Academy (Learn & Earn)Earn crypto by learning about blockchain](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn)
  * [BlogExpand your knowledge and get the latest insights](https://www.binance.com/en/blog)
  * [ResearchInstitutional-grade analysis, in-depth insights, and more](https://www.binance.com/en/research)

More

  * [VIP & InstitutionalYour trusted digital asset platform for VIPs and institutions](https://www.binance.com/en/vip-institutional-services)
  * [Launchpad & LaunchpoolDiscover and gain access to new token launches](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)
  * [MegadropLock your BNB and complete Web3 quests for boosted airdrop rewards](https://www.binance.com/en/megadrop)
  * [Mining PoolMine more rewards by connecting to the pool](https://pool.binance.com/en)
  * [PaySend, receive and spend crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/payment)
  * [LoansGet an instant loan secured by crypto assets](https://www.binance.com/en/loan)

  * [NFTExplore NFTs from creators worldwide](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/home)
  * [Fan TokenDiscover an all-new fandom and unlock unlimited fan experiences](https://www.binance.com/en/fan-token)
  * [Web3 WalletMeet the next-generation Web3 wallet](https://www.binance.com/en/web3wallet)
  * [BNB ChainThe most popular blockchain to build your own dApp](https://www.bnbchain.org)
  * [CharityBlockchain empowers charity to be more transparent, efficient, and traceable](https://www.binance.charity)

[Log
In](https://accounts.binance.com/en/login?loginChannel=blog&return_to=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYmluYW5jZS5jb20vZW4vYmxvZy9mYW4tdG9rZW4vaG93LXRvLWluZmx1ZW5jZS10ZWFtLWRlY2lzaW9ucy13aXRoLWJpbmFuY2UtZmFuLXRva2VuLXZvdGluZy1wb2xscy0xMjU4NzIzNjM4NTk5NTg3NjU2P2xhbmc9ZW4%3D)[Sign
Up](https://accounts.binance.com/en/register?registerChannel=blog&return_to=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYmluYW5jZS5jb20vZW4vYmxvZy9mYW4tdG9rZW4vaG93LXRvLWluZmx1ZW5jZS10ZWFtLWRlY2lzaW9ucy13aXRoLWJpbmFuY2UtZmFuLXRva2VuLXZvdGluZy1wb2xscy0xMjU4NzIzNjM4NTk5NTg3NjU2P2xhbmc9ZW4%3D)

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/images/common/logo.png)

Scan to Download App IOS & Android

[More Download
Options](https://www.binance.com/en/download?utm_source=&utm_campaign=)

##### [Binance Blog](/blog)

# How to Influence Team Decisions with Binance Fan Token Voting Polls

2023-02-13

## Main Takeaways

  * Imagine you could have a voice in major team decisions, like next season’s jersey design.

  * Through our signature Voting Polls, Binance Fan Token holders get access to special voting rights on team decisions.

  * Check out some of our previous Voting Polls, including a surprise meet-and-greet with FC Porto, team-bonding with FC Santos and BWT Alpine F1, and SS Lazio’s 2021-2022 jersey design. 

_Vote on your favorite team’s matchday jersey designs, team-bonding
activities, meet-and-greet locations, and much more._

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20230213/897cc312-3c79-4311-9231-6130ba6d0d02)

Ever wished you could do more for your favorite team, not only from the stands
but also from the comfort of your own home?

Thanks to [Binance Fan Token](https://www.binance.com/en/fan-
token??ref=NO5BA53I&utm_source=fan-token&utm_medium=ft-blog-
body&utm_campaign=ft-voting-poll-blog) — the premiere
[Web3](https://academy.binance.com/en/articles/the-evolution-of-the-internet-
web-3-0-explained) destination for sports fans —  you can now have a voice in
major team decisions, including kit designs, warm-up music, and even the
motivational messages your favorite players see at the stadium.

All you have to do is hold a Fan Token corresponding to any of the teams on
our platform to begin participating in their fan-powered Voting Polls.

## What Are Voting Polls?

In addition to unique benefits like exclusive merchandise and limited edition
NFTs, [Binance Fan Token](https://www.binance.com/en/fan-
token??ref=NO5BA53I&utm_source=fan-token&utm_medium=ft-blog-
body&utm_campaign=ft-voting-poll-blog) holders get access to special voting
rights on team decisions through our signature Voting Polls.

All you need to do is hold at least one Fan Token from our selection of sports
teams, which includes[ Santos FC](https://www.binance.com/en/fan-token/team-
profile/santos??ref=NO5BA53I&utm_source=fan-token&utm_medium=ft-blog-
body&utm_campaign=ft-voting-poll-blog-santos), [SS
Lazio](https://www.binance.com/en/fan-token/team-
profile/lazio??ref=NO5BA53I&utm_source=fan-token&utm_medium=ft-blog-
body&utm_campaign=ft-voting-poll-blog-lazio), [FC
Porto](https://www.binance.com/en/fan-token/team-
profile/porto??ref=NO5BA53I&utm_source=fan-token&utm_medium=ft-blog-
body&utm_campaign=ft-voting-poll-blog-porto), and [BWT Alpine
F1](https://www.binance.com/en/fan-token/team-
profile/alpine??ref=NO5BA53I&utm_source=fan-token&utm_medium=ft-blog-
body&utm_campaign=ft-voting-poll-blog-alpine). This will give you the right to
vote on official team decisions. It’s the dream of any sports superfan —
actually being a part of the team.

Here are a few highlights from the fan-favorite voting polls we’ve helped
organize over the past few years.

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20230213/0a298658-3e38-459e-a81a-c41ef67dad61)

## FC Porto Surprise Meet-and-Greet

We rewarded FC Porto fans touring the stadium with the option of where to meet
their favorite FC Porto players: the press conference room, the gallery, or
the pitch itself. The fans voted, and the result was the pitch — by a large
margin. The meet-and-greet even got television coverage from a local
Portuguese channel.

[Learn more →](https://www.binance.com/en/fan-token/team-
profile/porto/vote/4583044a55e240e2bc594a80fa11ca91??ref=NO5BA53I&utm_source=fan-
token&utm_medium=ft-blog-body&utm_campaign=ft-voting-poll-blog-porto-)

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20230213/160034d9-19ce-40c1-869f-6e3b1e18ee04)

## Santos FC and BWT Alpine F1: Choose the Activity

Team-bonding and locker room chemistry play a key role in every team’s success
on the pitch or the racetrack. In this instance, fans were able to pick an
activity for two teams, from two completely different sports, to enjoy with
each other.

Santos FC fans opted for both teams to [film a TikTok
video](https://www.binance.com/en/fan-token/team-
profile/santos/vote/7522d3444e5e4fca824aaef39a4d1461??ref=NO5BA53I&utm_source=fan-
token&utm_medium=ft-blog-body&utm_campaign=ft-voting-poll-blog-santos), while
Alpine fans requested that the teams complete a [viral football challenge
together.](https://www.binance.com/en/fan-token/team-
profile/alpine/vote/e61bdea1b01d44acb37e7325d2a31aae??ref=NO5BA53I&utm_source=fan-
token&utm_medium=ft-blog-body&utm_campaign=ft-voting-poll-blog-alpine)

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20230213/fd57c763-b2be-421d-8857-62733fe45ffe)

_Disclaimer: The jersey picture above was chosen in a Voting Poll during SS
Lazio’s 2021-2022 season._

##  SS Lazio Matchday Kit Design

As the saying goes: “Look good, feel good. Feel good, play good. Play good,
they pay good.” At the same time, superstition plays a big role in the win
column, and team jersey designs are no exception. That’s why Binance Fan Token
teams often let their token holders pick out jersey designs for their players.

In 2021, SS Lazio Fan Token holders were able to vote on the team’s jersey
design for the 2021-2022 season. Lazio wound up finishing fifth that season,
one place higher than in their previous campaign. Who knows? Perhaps the
change in team gear had something to do with it.

[Learn more →](https://www.binance.com/en/fan-token/team-
profile/lazio/vote/29544384f6a24673bcc6d1cea6897cc5??ref=NO5BA53I&utm_source=fan-
token&utm_medium=ft-blog-body&utm_campaign=ft-voting-poll-blog-lazio)

## Join Binance Fan Token Today!

[Binance Fan Token ](https://www.binance.com/en/fan-
token??ref=NO5BA53I&utm_source=fan-token&utm_medium=ft-blog-
body&utm_campaign=ft-voting-poll-blog)is the ultimate Web3 platform for sports
fans. Choose from a world-class lineup of sports teams, from Formula 1 to
premier football clubs. [Binance Fan token](https://www.binance.com/en/fan-
token??ref=NO5BA53I&utm_source=fan-token&utm_medium=ft-blog-
body&utm_campaign=ft-voting-poll-blog) holders get access to a range of
exclusive activities, promotions, rewards, and more.

If you’re new to Binance, [create your
account](https://www.binance.com/en/register?ref=NO5BA53I&utm_source=fan-
token&utm_medium=ft-blog-body&utm_campaign=ft-voting-poll-blog) today and
complete the[ identity
verification](https://www.binance.com/en/support/faq/how-to-complete-identity-
verification-360027287111?ref=NO5BA53I&utm_source=fan-token&utm_medium=ft-
blog-body&utm_campaign=ft-voting-poll-blog) process to get in on the action!

[![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20230213/43322d9c-e08b-4ee6-9f6b-b15cfa2a16c8.png)](https://www.binance.com/en/fan-
token??ref=NO5BA53I&utm_source=fan-token&utm_medium=ft-blog-
body&utm_campaign=ft-voting-poll-blog)

## Further Reading

  * (Blog) [Binance Fan Token 2021 Round-Up Report: A Global Debut For Elevated Fan Engagement](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/fan-token/binance-fan-token-2021-roundup-report-a-global-debut-for-elevated-fan-engagement-421499824684903356)

  * (Blog) [Racing Fans Experience an Immersive Race Day Fan Party Hosted by Binance in Belgium](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/fan-token/racing-fans-experience-an-immersive-race-day-fan-party-hosted-by-binance-in-belgium-6515870133140540519)

  * (Support)[ Binance Fan Token Beginner Guide](https://www.binance.com/en/support/list/get-started-with-Binance-fan-token) 

  * (Academy) [What Are Binance Fan Tokens?](https://academy.binance.com/en/articles/what-are-binance-fan-tokens)

195,046,555 users chose us. Find out why today.

Register Now

Like this post

###### Share Post

Article Outlines

How to Influence Team Decisions with Binance Fan Token Voting Polls

Main Takeaways

What Are Voting Polls?

FC Porto Surprise Meet-and-Greet

Santos FC and BWT Alpine F1: Choose the Activity

SS Lazio Matchday Kit Design

Join Binance Fan Token Today!

Further Reading

195,046,555 users chose us. Find out why today.

Register Now

### Community

[](https://discord.gg/jE4wt8g2H2)[](https://www.binance.com/en/community)[](https://www.tiktok.com/@binance?lang=en)[](https://www.facebook.com/binance)[](https://twitter.com/binance)[](https://www.reddit.com/r/binance)[](https://www.instagram.com/Binance/)[](https://coinmarketcap.com/exchanges/binance/)[](https://www.youtube.com/binanceyoutube)[](https://www.binance.com/en/community)

English

English

العربية

العربية (البحرين)

български

Čeština

Dansk

Deutsch (Schweiz)

Ελληνικά

English (UAE)

English (Australia)

English (Bahrain)

English (India)

English (Japan)

English (Kazakhstan)

English (Nigeria)

English (New Zealand)

English (South Africa)

Español (España)

Español (Argentina)

Español (Latinoamérica)

Español (México)

Français

Français (Afrique)

magyar nyelv

Bahasa Indonesia

Italiano

日本語

Қазақша (Қазақстан)

Қазақша

ລາວ

latviešu valoda

Polski

Português

Português (Brasil)

Română

Русский

Русский (Казахстан)

Русский (Украина)

සිංහල

Slovenčina

Slovenščina

Svenska

Türkçe

Українська

Tiếng Việt

简体中文

繁體中文

USD-$

USD-$

AED-د.إ

ARS-ARS$

AUD-A$

BDT-৳

BGN-лв

BHD-.د.ب

BOB-$b

BRL-R$

CAD-C$

CHF-CHF

CNY-¥

COP-COL$

CZK-Kč

DKK-KR

EGP-E£

EUR-€

GBP-£

HKD-HKD

HRK-kn

HUF-Ft

IDR-Rp

INR-₹

JPY-¥

KES-KSh

KWD-ك.د

KZT-₸

MAD-م.د.

MNT-₮

MXN-Mex$

NZD-NZ$

OMR-ر.ع.

PEN-S/.

PHP-₱

PKR-₨

PLN-zł

QAR-ر.ق

RON-lei

RUB-₽

SAR-ر.س

SEK-kr

THB-฿

TRY-₺

TWD-NT$

UAH-₴

UGX-USh

VES-Bs

VND-₫

ZAR-R

Theme

English

USD

Theme

### About Us

  * [About](https://www.binance.com/en/about)
  * [Careers](https://www.binance.com/en/careers)
  * [Announcements](https://www.binance.com/en/support/announcement)
  * [News](https://www.binance.com/en/square/news/all)
  * [Press](https://www.binance.com/en/press)
  * [Legal](https://www.binance.com/en/legal/home)
  * [Terms](https://www.binance.com/en/terms)
  * [Privacy](https://www.binance.com/en/about-legal/privacy-portal)
  * [Building Trust](https://www.binance.com/en/land/building_trust)
  * [Blog](https://www.binance.com/en/blog)
  * [Community](https://www.binance.com/en/community)
  * [Sitemap](https://www.binance.com/en/country-region-selector)
  * [Risk Warning](https://www.binance.com/en/risk-warning)
  * [Notices](https://www.binance.com/en/support/list/notices)
  * [Downloads](https://www.binance.com/en/download)
  * [Desktop Application](https://www.binance.com/en/desktop-download)

### Products

  * [Exchange](https://www.binance.com/en/trade)
  * [Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/buy-sell-crypto)
  * [Leveraged Tokens](https://www.binance.com/en/leveraged-tokens/tokens/allTokens)
  * [TradingView](https://www.binance.com/en/land/tradingview)
  * [Pay](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/payment)
  * [Academy](https://academy.binance.com/en)
  * [Live](https://www.binance.com/en/live)
  * [Tax](https://www.binance.com/en/tax)
  * [Gift Card](https://www.binance.com/en/gift-card)
  * [Launchpad & Launchpool](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)
  * [Auto-Invest](https://www.binance.com/en/auto-invest)
  * [ETH Staking](https://www.binance.com/en/eth2)
  * [NFT](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/home)
  * [BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/bnb)
  * [BABT](https://www.binance.com/en/BABT?source=footer)
  * [Research](https://www.binance.com/en/research)
  * [Charity](https://www.binance.charity)

### Business

  * [P2P Merchant Application](https://c2c.binance.com/en/merchantApplication)
  * [P2Pro Merchant Application](https://p2p.binance.com/en/p2pro)
  * [Listing Application](https://www.binance.com/en/my/coin-apply)
  * [Institutional & VIP Services](https://www.binance.com/en/vip-institutional-services)
  * [Labs](https://labs.binance.com/)

### Learn

  * [Learn & Earn](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn)
  * [Browse Crypto Prices](https://www.binance.com/en/price)
  * [Bitcoin Price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/bitcoin)
  * [Ethereum Price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/ethereum)
  * [Browse Crypto Price Predictions](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction)
  * [Bitcoin Price Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction/bitcoin)
  * [Ethereum Price Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction/ethereum)
  * [Buy Bitcoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bitcoin)
  * [Buy BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bnb)
  * [Buy Ripple](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/xrp)
  * [Buy Dogecoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/dogecoin)
  * [Buy Ethereum](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/ethereum)
  * [Buy Tradable Altcoins](https://www.binance.com/en/altcoins/tradable)

### Service

  * [Affiliate](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/affiliate)
  * [Referral](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/referral?utm_source=Lite_web_footer)
  * [OTC Trading](https://www.binance.com/en/otc)
  * [Historical Market Data](https://www.binance.com/en/landing/data)
  * [Proof of Reserves](https://www.binance.com/en/proof-of-reserves)

### Support

  * [24/7 Chat Support](https://www.binance.com/en/chat?sourceEntry=4)
  * [Support Center](https://www.binance.com/en/support)
  * [Product Feedback & Suggestions](https://www.binance.com/en/my/user-support/feedback/entry)
  * [Fees](https://www.binance.com/en/fee/schedule)
  * [APIs](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-api)
  * [Binance Verify](https://www.binance.com/en/official-verification)
  * [Trading Rules](https://www.binance.com/en/trade-rule)
  * [Binance Airdrop Portal](https://www.binance.com/en/airdrop)
  * [Law Enforcement Requests](https://www.binance.com/en/support/law-enforcement)

Binance© 2024Cookie Preferences

