Skip to main content

[](/en/)

  * Learn
  * Use
  * Build
  * Participate
  * Research

Search```K`

Languages EN

Change page

[Overview](/en/developers/docs/)

Foundational topics

[Intro to Ethereum](/en/developers/docs/intro-to-ethereum/)

[Intro to Ether](/en/developers/docs/intro-to-ether/)

[Intro to dapps](/en/developers/docs/dapps/)

[Web2 vs Web3](/en/developers/docs/web2-vs-web3/)

[Accounts](/en/developers/docs/accounts/)

[Transactions](/en/developers/docs/transactions/)

[Blocks](/en/developers/docs/blocks/)

[Ethereum virtual machine (EVM)](/en/developers/docs/evm/)

[Opcodes](/en/developers/docs/evm/opcodes/)

[Gas](/en/developers/docs/gas/)

[Nodes and clients](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/)

[Run a node](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/run-a-node/)

[Client diversity](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/client-diversity/)

[Nodes as a service](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/nodes-as-a-
service/)

[Node architecture](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/node-architecture/)

[Light clients](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/light-clients/)

[Archive nodes](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/archive-nodes/)

[Bootnodes](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/bootnodes/)

[Networks](/en/developers/docs/networks/)

[Consensus mechanisms](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/)

[Proof-of-work](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pow/)

[Mining](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pow/mining/)

[Mining algorithms](/en/developers/docs/consensus-
mechanisms/pow/mining/mining-algorithms/)

[Dagger-Hashimoto](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pow/mining/mining-
algorithms/dagger-hashimoto/)

[Ethash](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pow/mining/mining-
algorithms/ethash/)

[Proof-of-stake](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/)

[Gasper](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/gasper/)

[Weak subjectivity](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/weak-
subjectivity/)

[Attestations](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/attestations/)

[PoS rewards and penalties](/en/developers/docs/consensus-
mechanisms/pos/rewards-and-penalties/)

[PoS attack and defense](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/attack-
and-defense/)

[Keys](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/keys/)

[Proof-of-stake versus proof-of-work](/en/developers/docs/consensus-
mechanisms/pos/pos-vs-pow/)

[Block proposal](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/block-proposal/)

[Proof-of-stake FAQs](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/faqs/)

[Proof-of-authority](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/poa/)

Ethereum stack

[Intro to the stack](/en/developers/docs/ethereum-stack/)

[Smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/)

[Smart contract languages](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/languages/)

[Smart contract anatomy](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/anatomy/)

[Smart contracts libraries](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/libraries/)

[Testing smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/testing/)

[Compiling smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/compiling/)

[Deploying smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/deploying/)

[Verifying smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/verifying/)

[Upgrading smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/upgrading/)

[Smart contract security](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/security/)

[Smart contract formal verification](/en/developers/docs/smart-
contracts/formal-verification/)

[Composability](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/composability/)

[Development networks](/en/developers/docs/development-networks/)

[Development frameworks](/en/developers/docs/frameworks/)

Ethereum client APIs

[JavaScript APIs](/en/developers/docs/apis/javascript/)

[Backend APIs](/en/developers/docs/apis/backend/)

[JSON-RPC](/en/developers/docs/apis/json-rpc/)

[Data and analytics](/en/developers/docs/data-and-analytics/)

[Block explorers](/en/developers/docs/data-and-analytics/block-explorers/)

[Storage](/en/developers/docs/storage/)

[Integrated Development Environments (IDEs)](/en/developers/docs/ides/)

[Programming languages](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/)

[Dart](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/dart/)

[Delphi](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/delphi/)

[.NET](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/dot-net/)

[Golang](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/golang/)

[Java](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/java/)

[JavaScript](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/javascript/)

[Python](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/python/)

[Ruby](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/ruby/)

[Rust](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/rust/)

Advanced

[Bridges](/en/developers/docs/bridges/)

[Standards](/en/developers/docs/standards/)

[Token standards](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/)

[ERC-20: Fungible Tokens](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/erc-20/)

[ERC-721: NFTs](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/erc-721/)

[ERC-777](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/erc-777/)

[ERC-1155](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/erc-1155/)

[ERC-4626](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/erc-4626/)

[Maximal extractable value (MEV)](/en/developers/docs/mev/)

[Oracles](/en/developers/docs/oracles/)

[Scaling](/en/developers/docs/scaling/)

[Optimistic rollups](/en/developers/docs/scaling/optimistic-rollups/)

[Zero-knowledge rollups](/en/developers/docs/scaling/zk-rollups/)

[State channels](/en/developers/docs/scaling/state-channels/)

[Sidechains](/en/developers/docs/scaling/sidechains/)

[Plasma](/en/developers/docs/scaling/plasma/)

[Validium](/en/developers/docs/scaling/validium/)

[Data availability](/en/developers/docs/data-availability/)

[Networking layer](/en/developers/docs/networking-layer/)

[Network addresses](/en/developers/docs/networking-layer/network-addresses/)

[Portal Network](/en/developers/docs/networking-layer/portal-network/)

[Data structures and encoding](/en/developers/docs/data-structures-and-
encoding/)

[Patricia Merkle Trie](/en/developers/docs/data-structures-and-
encoding/patricia-merkle-trie/)

[Recursive-length prefix (RLP)](/en/developers/docs/data-structures-and-
encoding/rlp/)

[Simple serialize (SSZ)](/en/developers/docs/data-structures-and-
encoding/ssz/)

[Web3 secret storage definition](/en/developers/docs/data-structures-and-
encoding/web3-secret-storage/)

Design fundamentals

[Intro to design and UX](/en/developers/docs/design-and-ux/)

# Dagger-Hashimoto

l

Last edit: [@lukassim(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/lukassim), April
11, 2024

See contributors

On this page

  * Prerequisites
  * Dagger-Hashimoto
  * DAG Generation
    * Parameters
    * Dagger graph building
  * Light client evaluation
  * Double buffer of DAGs
  * Hashimoto
  * Mining and verifying
  * Further reading
  * Appendix
    * Lehmer random number generator
    * Modular exponentiation as a hash function
  * More efficient cache-based evaluation algorithm

Dagger-Hashimoto was the original research implementation and specification
for Ethereum's mining algorithm. Dagger-Hashimoto was superseded by Ethash.
Mining was switched off completely at [The Merge](/en/roadmap/merge/) on 15th
September 2022. Since then, Ethereum has been secured using a [proof-of-
stake](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/) mechanism instead. This
page is for historical interest - the information here is no longer relevant
for post-Merge Ethereum.

## Prerequisites

To better understand this page, we recommend you first read up on [proof-of-
work consensus](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pow/),
[mining](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pow/mining/), and [mining
algorithms](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pow/mining/mining-
algorithms/).

## Dagger-Hashimoto

Dagger-Hashimoto aims to satisfy two goals:

  1. **ASIC-resistance** : the benefit from creating specialized hardware for the algorithm should be as small as possible
  2. **Light client verifiability** : a block should be efficiently verifiable by a light client.

With an additional modification, we also specify how to fulfill a third goal
if desired, but at the cost of additional complexity:

**Full chain storage** : mining should require storage of the complete
blockchain state (due to the irregular structure of the Ethereum state trie,
we anticipate that some pruning will be possible, particularly of some often-
used contracts, but we want to minimize this).

## DAG Generation

The code for the algorithm will be defined in Python below. First, we give
`encode_int` for marshaling unsigned ints of specified precision to strings.
Its inverse is also given:

    
    
    1NUM_BITS = 512
    
    2
    
    3def encode_int(x):
    
    4    "Encode an integer x as a string of 64 characters using a big-endian scheme"
    
    5    o = ''
    
    6    for _ in range(NUM_BITS / 8):
    
    7        o = chr(x % 256) + o
    
    8        x //= 256
    
    9    return o
    
    10
    
    11def decode_int(s):
    
    12    "Unencode an integer x from a string using a big-endian scheme"
    
    13    x = 0
    
    14    for c in s:
    
    15        x *= 256
    
    16        x += ord(c)
    
    17    return x
    
    Show all
    
    ![📋](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f4cb.svg) Copy

We next assume that `sha3` is a function that takes an integer and outputs an
integer, and `dbl_sha3` is a double-sha3 function; if converting this
reference code into an implementation use:

    
    
    1from pyethereum import utils
    
    2def sha3(x):
    
    3    if isinstance(x, (int, long)):
    
    4        x = encode_int(x)
    
    5    return decode_int(utils.sha3(x))
    
    6
    
    7def dbl_sha3(x):
    
    8    if isinstance(x, (int, long)):
    
    9        x = encode_int(x)
    
    10    return decode_int(utils.sha3(utils.sha3(x)))
    
    Show all
    
    ![📋](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f4cb.svg) Copy

### Parameters

The parameters used for the algorithm are:

    
    
    1SAFE_PRIME_512 = 2**512 - 38117     # Largest Safe Prime less than 2**512
    
    2
    
    3params = {
    
    4      "n": 4000055296 * 8 // NUM_BITS,  # Size of the dataset (4 Gigabytes); MUST BE MULTIPLE OF 65536
    
    5      "n_inc": 65536,                   # Increment in value of n per period; MUST BE MULTIPLE OF 65536
    
    6                                        # with epochtime=20000 gives 882 MB growth per year
    
    7      "cache_size": 2500,               # Size of the light client's cache (can be chosen by light
    
    8                                        # client; not part of the algo spec)
    
    9      "diff": 2**14,                    # Difficulty (adjusted during block evaluation)
    
    10      "epochtime": 100000,              # Length of an epoch in blocks (how often the dataset is updated)
    
    11      "k": 1,                           # Number of parents of a node
    
    12      "w": w,                          # Used for modular exponentiation hashing
    
    13      "accesses": 200,                  # Number of dataset accesses during hashimoto
    
    14      "P": SAFE_PRIME_512               # Safe Prime for hashing and random number generation
    
    15}
    
    Show all
    
    ![📋](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f4cb.svg) Copy

`P` in this case is a prime chosen such that `log₂(P)` is just slightly less
than 512, which corresponds to the 512 bits we have been using to represent
our numbers. Note that only the latter half of the DAG actually needs to be
stored, so the de-facto RAM requirement starts at 1 GB and grows by 441 MB per
year.

### Dagger graph building

The dagger graph building primitive is defined as follows:

    
    
    1def produce_dag(params, seed, length):
    
    2    P = params["P"]
    
    3    picker = init = pow(sha3(seed), params["w"], P)
    
    4    o = [init]
    
    5    for i in range(1, length):
    
    6        x = picker = (picker * init) % P
    
    7        for _ in range(params["k"]):
    
    8            x ^= o[x % i]
    
    9        o.append(pow(x, params["w"], P))
    
    10    return o
    
    Show all
    
    ![📋](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f4cb.svg) Copy

Essentially, it starts off a graph as a single node, `sha3(seed)`, and from
there starts sequentially adding on other nodes based on random previous
nodes. When a new node is created, a modular power of the seed is computed to
randomly select some indices less than `i` (using `x % i` above), and the
values of the nodes at those indices are used in a calculation to generate a
new a value for `x`, which is then fed into a small proof of work function
(based on XOR) to ultimately generate the value of the graph at index `i`. The
rationale behind this particular design is to force sequential access of the
DAG; the next value of the DAG that will be accessed cannot be determined
until the current value is known. Finally, modular exponentiation hashes the
result further.

This algorithm relies on several results from number theory. See the appendix
below for a discussion.

## Light client evaluation

The above graph construction intends to allow each node in the graph to be
reconstructed by computing a subtree of only a small number of nodes and
requiring only a small amount of auxiliary memory. Note that with k=1, the
subtree is only a chain of values going up to the first element in the DAG.

The light client computing function for the DAG works as follows:

    
    
    1def quick_calc(params, seed, p):
    
    2    w, P = params["w"], params["P"]
    
    3    cache = {}
    
    4
    
    5    def quick_calc_cached(p):
    
    6        if p in cache:
    
    7            pass
    
    8        elif p == 0:
    
    9            cache[p] = pow(sha3(seed), w, P)
    
    10        else:
    
    11            x = pow(sha3(seed), (p + 1) * w, P)
    
    12            for _ in range(params["k"]):
    
    13                x ^= quick_calc_cached(x % p)
    
    14            cache[p] = pow(x, w, P)
    
    15        return cache[p]
    
    16
    
    17    return quick_calc_cached(p)
    
    Show all
    
    ![📋](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f4cb.svg) Copy

Essentially, it is simply a rewrite of the above algorithm that removes the
loop of computing the values for the entire DAG and replaces the earlier node
lookup with a recursive call or a cache lookup. Note that for `k=1` the cache
is unnecessary, although a further optimization actually precomputes the first
few thousand values of the DAG and keeps that as a static cache for
computations; see the appendix for a code implementation of this.

## Double buffer of DAGs

In a full client, a [_double buffer_(opens in a new
tab)](https://wikipedia.org/wiki/Multiple_buffering) of 2 DAGs produced by the
above formula is used. The idea is that DAGs are produced every `epochtime`
number of blocks according to the params above. Instead of the client using
the latest DAG produced, it uses the one previous. The benefit of this is that
it allows the DAGs to be replaced over time without needing to incorporate a
step where miners must suddenly recompute all of the data. Otherwise, there is
the potential for an abrupt temporary slowdown in chain processing at regular
intervals and dramatically increasing centralization. Thus 51% attack risks
within those few minutes before all data are recomputed.

The algorithm used to generate the set of DAGs used to compute the work for a
block is as follows:

    
    
    1def get_prevhash(n):
    
    2    from pyethereum.blocks import GENESIS_PREVHASH
    
    3    from pyethereum import chain_manager
    
    4    if n <= 0:
    
    5        return hash_to_int(GENESIS_PREVHASH)
    
    6    else:
    
    7        prevhash = chain_manager.index.get_block_by_number(n - 1)
    
    8        return decode_int(prevhash)
    
    9
    
    10def get_seedset(params, block):
    
    11    seedset = {}
    
    12    seedset["back_number"] = block.number - (block.number % params["epochtime"])
    
    13    seedset["back_hash"] = get_prevhash(seedset["back_number"])
    
    14    seedset["front_number"] = max(seedset["back_number"] - params["epochtime"], 0)
    
    15    seedset["front_hash"] = get_prevhash(seedset["front_number"])
    
    16    return seedset
    
    17
    
    18def get_dagsize(params, block):
    
    19    return params["n"] + (block.number // params["epochtime"]) * params["n_inc"]
    
    20
    
    21def get_daggerset(params, block):
    
    22    dagsz = get_dagsize(params, block)
    
    23    seedset = get_seedset(params, block)
    
    24    if seedset["front_hash"] <= 0:
    
    25        # No back buffer is possible, just make front buffer
    
    26        return {"front": {"dag": produce_dag(params, seedset["front_hash"], dagsz),
    
    27                          "block_number": 0}}
    
    28    else:
    
    29        return {"front": {"dag": produce_dag(params, seedset["front_hash"], dagsz),
    
    30                          "block_number": seedset["front_number"]},
    
    31                "back": {"dag": produce_dag(params, seedset["back_hash"], dagsz),
    
    32                         "block_number": seedset["back_number"]}}
    
    Show all
    
    ![📋](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f4cb.svg) Copy

## Hashimoto

The idea behind the original Hashimoto is to use the blockchain as a dataset,
performing a computation that selects N indices from the blockchain, gathers
the transactions at those indices, performs an XOR of this data, and returns
the hash of the result. Thaddeus Dryja's original algorithm, translated to
Python for consistency, is as follows:

    
    
    1def orig_hashimoto(prev_hash, merkle_root, list_of_transactions, nonce):
    
    2    hash_output_A = sha256(prev_hash + merkle_root + nonce)
    
    3    txid_mix = 0
    
    4    for i in range(64):
    
    5        shifted_A = hash_output_A >> i
    
    6        transaction = shifted_A % len(list_of_transactions)
    
    7        txid_mix ^= list_of_transactions[transaction] << i
    
    8    return txid_mix ^ (nonce << 192)
    
    ![📋](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f4cb.svg) Copy

Unfortunately, while Hashimoto is considered RAM hard, it relies on 256-bit
arithmetic, which has considerable computational overhead. However, Dagger-
Hashimoto only uses the least significant 64 bits when indexing its dataset to
address this issue.

    
    
    1def hashimoto(dag, dagsize, params, header, nonce):
    
    2    m = dagsize / 2
    
    3    mix = sha3(encode_int(nonce) + header)
    
    4    for _ in range(params["accesses"]):
    
    5        mix ^= dag[m + (mix % 2**64) % m]
    
    6    return dbl_sha3(mix)
    
    ![📋](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f4cb.svg) Copy

The use of double SHA3 allows for a form of zero-data, near-instant pre-
verification, verifying only that a correct intermediate value was provided.
This outer layer of proof-of-work is highly ASIC-friendly and fairly weak, but
exists to make DDoS even more difficult since that small amount of work must
be done in order to produce a block that will not be rejected immediately.
Here is the light-client version:

    
    
    1def quick_hashimoto(seed, dagsize, params, header, nonce):
    
    2    m = dagsize // 2
    
    3    mix = sha3(nonce + header)
    
    4    for _ in range(params["accesses"]):
    
    5        mix ^= quick_calc(params, seed, m + (mix % 2**64) % m)
    
    6    return dbl_sha3(mix)
    
    ![📋](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f4cb.svg) Copy

## Mining and verifying

Now, let us put it all together into the mining algorithm:

    
    
    1def mine(daggerset, params, block):
    
    2    from random import randint
    
    3    nonce = randint(0, 2**64)
    
    4    while 1:
    
    5        result = hashimoto(daggerset, get_dagsize(params, block),
    
    6                           params, decode_int(block.prevhash), nonce)
    
    7        if result * params["diff"] < 2**256:
    
    8            break
    
    9        nonce += 1
    
    10        if nonce >= 2**64:
    
    11            nonce = 0
    
    12    return nonce
    
    Show all
    
    ![📋](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f4cb.svg) Copy

Here is the verification algorithm:

    
    
    1def verify(daggerset, params, block, nonce):
    
    2    result = hashimoto(daggerset, get_dagsize(params, block),
    
    3                       params, decode_int(block.prevhash), nonce)
    
    4    return result * params["diff"] < 2**256
    
    ![📋](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f4cb.svg) Copy

Light-client friendly verification:

    
    
    1def light_verify(params, header, nonce):
    
    2    seedset = get_seedset(params, block)
    
    3    result = quick_hashimoto(seedset["front_hash"], get_dagsize(params, block),
    
    4                             params, decode_int(block.prevhash), nonce)
    
    5    return result * params["diff"] < 2**256
    
    ![📋](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f4cb.svg) Copy

Also, note that Dagger-Hashimoto imposes additional requirements on the block
header:

  * For two-layer verification to work, a block header must have both the nonce and the middle value pre-sha3
  * Somewhere, a block header must store the sha3 of the current seedset

## Further reading

 _Know of a community resource that helped you? Edit this page and add it!_

## Appendix

As noted above, the RNG used for DAG generation relies on some results from
number theory. First, we provide assurance that the Lehmer RNG that is the
basis for the `picker` variable has a wide period. Second, we show that
`pow(x,3,P)` will not map `x` to `1` or `P-1` provided `x ∈ [2,P-2]` to start.
Finally, we show that `pow(x,3,P)` has a low collision rate when treated as a
hashing function.

### Lehmer random number generator

While the `produce_dag` function does not need to produce unbiased random
numbers, a potential threat is that `seed**i % P` only takes on a handful of
values. This could provide an advantage to miners recognizing the pattern over
those that do not.

To avoid this, a result from number theory is appealed to. A [_Safe
Prime_(opens in a new tab)](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Safe_prime) is
defined to be a prime `P` such that `(P-1)/2` is also prime. The _order_ of a
member `x` of the [multiplicative group(opens in a new
tab)](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Multiplicative_group_of_integers_modulo_n)
`ℤ/nℤ` is defined to be the minimal `m` such that

    
    
    1xᵐ mod P ≡ 1

Given these definitions, we have:

> Observation 1. Let `x` be a member of the multiplicative group `ℤ/Pℤ` for a
> safe prime `P`. If `x mod P ≠ 1 mod P` and `x mod P ≠ P-1 mod P`, then the
> order of `x` is either `P-1` or `(P-1)/2`.

_Proof_. Since `P` is a safe prime, then by [Lagrange's Theorem][lagrange] we
have that the order of `x` is either `1`, `2`, `(P-1)/2`, or `P-1`.

The order of `x` cannot be `1`, since by Fermat's Little Theorem we have:

    
    
    1xP-1 mod P ≡ 1

Hence `x` must be a multiplicative identity of `ℤ/nℤ`, which is unique. Since
we assumed that `x ≠ 1` by assumption, this is not possible.

The order of `x` cannot be `2` unless `x = P-1`, since this would violate that
`P` is prime.

From the above proposition, we can recognize that iterating `(picker * init) %
P` will have a cycle length of at least `(P-1)/2`. This is because we selected
`P` to be a safe prime approximately equal to be a higher power of two, and
`init` is in the interval `[2,2**256+1]`. Given the magnitude of `P`, we
should never expect a cycle from modular exponentiation.

When we are assigning the first cell in the DAG (the variable labeled `init`),
we compute `pow(sha3(seed) + 2, 3, P)`. At first glance, this does not
guarantee that the result is neither `1` nor `P-1`. However, since `P-1` is a
safe prime, we have the following additional assurance, which is a corollary
of Observation 1:

> Observation 2. Let `x` be a member of the multiplicative group `ℤ/Pℤ` for a
> safe prime `P`, and let `w` be a natural number. If `x mod P ≠ 1 mod P` and
> `x mod P ≠ P-1 mod P`, as well as `w mod P ≠ P-1 mod P` and `w mod P ≠ 0 mod
> P`, then `xʷ mod P ≠ 1 mod P` and `xʷ mod P ≠ P-1 mod P`

### Modular exponentiation as a hash function

For certain values of `P` and `w`, the function `pow(x, w, P)` may have many
collisions. For instance, `pow(x,9,19)` only takes on values `{1,18}`.

Given that `P` is prime, then an appropriate `w` for a modular exponentiation
hashing function can be chosen using the following result:

> Observation 3. Let `P` be a prime; `w` and `P-1` are relatively prime if and
> only if for all `a` and `b` in `ℤ/Pℤ`:`aʷ mod P ≡ bʷ mod P` if and only if
> `a mod P ≡ b mod P`

Thus, given that `P` is prime and `w` is relatively prime to `P-1`, we have
that `|{pow(x, w, P) : x ∈ ℤ}| = P`, implying that the hashing function has
the minimal collision rate possible.

In the special case that `P` is a safe prime as we have selected, then `P-1`
only has factors 1, 2, `(P-1)/2` and `P-1`. Since `P` > 7, we know that 3 is
relatively prime to `P-1`, hence `w=3` satisfies the above proposition.

## More efficient cache-based evaluation algorithm

    
    
    1def quick_calc(params, seed, p):
    
    2    cache = produce_dag(params, seed, params["cache_size"])
    
    3    return quick_calc_cached(cache, params, p)
    
    4
    
    5def quick_calc_cached(cache, params, p):
    
    6    P = params["P"]
    
    7    if p < len(cache):
    
    8        return cache[p]
    
    9    else:
    
    10        x = pow(cache[0], p + 1, P)
    
    11        for _ in range(params["k"]):
    
    12            x ^= quick_calc_cached(cache, params, x % p)
    
    13        return pow(x, params["w"], P)
    
    14
    
    15def quick_hashimoto(seed, dagsize, params, header, nonce):
    
    16    cache = produce_dag(params, seed, params["cache_size"])
    
    17    return quick_hashimoto_cached(cache, dagsize, params, header, nonce)
    
    18
    
    19def quick_hashimoto_cached(cache, dagsize, params, header, nonce):
    
    20    m = dagsize // 2
    
    21    mask = 2**64 - 1
    
    22    mix = sha3(encode_int(nonce) + header)
    
    23    for _ in range(params["accesses"]):
    
    24        mix ^= quick_calc_cached(cache, params, m + (mix & mask) % m)
    
    25    return dbl_sha3(mix)
    
    Show all
    
    ![📋](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f4cb.svg) Copy

back-to-top ↑

### Was this article helpful?

YesNo

![👈](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f448.svg)

Previous

[Mining algorithms](/en/developers/docs/consensus-
mechanisms/pow/mining/mining-algorithms/)

![👉](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f449.svg)

Next

[Ethash](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pow/mining/mining-
algorithms/ethash/)

  * [Edit page(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/ethereum/ethereum-org-website/tree/dev/public/content/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pow/mining/mining-algorithms/dagger-hashimoto/index.md)
  * On this page

    * Prerequisites
    * Dagger-Hashimoto
    * DAG Generation
      * Parameters
      * Dagger graph building
    * Light client evaluation
    * Double buffer of DAGs
    * Hashimoto
    * Mining and verifying
    * Further reading
    * Appendix
      * Lehmer random number generator
      * Modular exponentiation as a hash function
    * More efficient cache-based evaluation algorithm

Website last updated: May 22, 2024

[(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/ethereum/ethereum-org-
website)[(opens in a new tab)](https://twitter.com/ethdotorg)[(opens in a new
tab)](https://discord.gg/ethereum-org)

### Learn

  * [Learn Hub](/en/learn/)
  * [What is Ethereum?](/en/what-is-ethereum/)
  * [What is ether (ETH)?](/en/eth/)
  * [Ethereum wallets](/en/wallets/)
  * [What is Web3?](/en/web3/)
  * [Smart contracts](/en/smart-contracts/)
  * [Gas fees](/en/gas/)
  * [Run a node](/en/run-a-node/)
  * [Ethereum security and scam prevention](/en/security/)
  * [Quiz Hub](/en/quizzes/)
  * [Ethereum glossary](/en/glossary/)

### Use

  * [Guides](/en/guides/)
  * [Choose your wallet](/en/wallets/find-wallet/)
  * [Get ETH](/en/get-eth/)
  * [Dapps - Decentralized applications](/en/dapps/)
  * [Stablecoins](/en/stablecoins/)
  * [NFTs - Non-fungible tokens](/en/nft/)
  * [DeFi - Decentralized finance](/en/defi/)
  * [DAOs - Decentralized autonomous organizations](/en/dao/)
  * [Decentralized identity](/en/decentralized-identity/)
  * [Stake ETH](/en/staking/)
  * [Layer 2](/en/layer-2/)

### Build

  * [Builder's home](/en/developers/)
  * [Tutorials](/en/developers/tutorials/)
  * [Documentation](/en/developers/docs/)
  * [Learn by coding](/en/developers/learning-tools/)
  * [Set up local environment](/en/developers/local-environment/)
  * [Grants](/en/community/grants/)
  * [Foundational topics](/en/developers/docs/intro-to-ethereum/)
  * [UX/UI design fundamentals](/en/developers/docs/design-and-ux/)
  * [Enterprise - Mainnet Ethereum](/en/enterprise/)
  * [Enterprise - Private Ethereum](/en/enterprise/private-ethereum/)

### Participate

  * [Community hub](/en/community/)
  * [Online communities](/en/community/online/)
  * [Ethereum events](/en/community/events/)
  * [Contributing to ethereum.org](/en/contributing/)
  * [Translation Program](/en/contributing/translation-program/)
  * [Ethereum bug bounty program](/en/bug-bounty/)
  * [Ethereum Foundation](/en/foundation/)
  * [Ethereum Foundation Blog(opens in a new tab)](https://blog.ethereum.org/)
  * [Ecosystem Support Program(opens in a new tab)](https://esp.ethereum.foundation)
  * [Devcon(opens in a new tab)](https://devcon.org/)

### Research

  * [Ethereum Whitepaper](/en/whitepaper/)
  * [Ethereum roadmap](/en/roadmap/)
  * [Improved security](/en/roadmap/security/)
  * [Technical history of Ethereum](/en/history/)
  * [Open research](/en/community/research/)
  * [Ethereum Improvement Proposals](/en/eips/)
  * [Ethereum governance](/en/governance/)

  * [About us](/en/about/)
  * [Ethereum brand assets](/en/assets/)
  * [Code of conduct](/en/community/code-of-conduct/)
  * [Jobs](/en/about/#open-jobs)
  * [Privacy policy](/en/privacy-policy/)
  * [Terms of use](/en/terms-of-use/)
  * [Cookie policy](/en/cookie-policy/)
  * [Press Contact(opens in a new tab)](mailto:press@ethereum.org)

Is this page helpful?

