Skip to main content

[](/en/)

  * Learn
  * Use
  * Build
  * Participate
  * Research

Search```K`

Languages EN

![Get ETH hero image](/_next/image/?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Fget-
eth.40e14e0c.png&w=1920&q=75)

# Where to get ETH

You can earn ETH, receive it from your peers, or buy it from exchanges and
apps.

  

#### Current ETH price (USD)

Loading...

(Last 24 hours)

Search by country

![üè¢](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f3e2.svg)

### Centralized exchanges

Exchanges are businesses that let you buy crypto using traditional currencies.
They have custody over any ETH you buy until you send it to a wallet you
control.

See a list of exchanges

![üèóÔ∏è](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f3d7.svg)

### Earn ETH

You can earn ETH by working for DAOs or companies that pay in crypto, winning
bounties, finding software bugs and more.

[Learn about DAOs](/en/dao/)

![üë•](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f465.svg)

### Receive ETH from your peers

Once you have an Ethereum account, all you need to do is share your address to
start sending and receiving ETH (and other tokens) peer-to-peer.

[More on wallets](/en/wallets/)

![ü§ñ](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f916.svg)

### Decentralized exchanges (DEXs)

If you want more control, buy ETH using _smart contracts_. With a DEX you can
trade digital assets without ever giving control of your funds to a
centralized company.

Try a DEX

![üîë](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f511.svg)

### Wallets

Some wallets let you buy crypto with a debit/credit card, bank transfer or
even Apple Pay. Geographical restrictions apply.

[More on wallets](/en/wallets/)

![üõ°Ô∏è](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f6e1.svg)

### Staking rewards

If you already have some ETH, you can earn more by running a validator node.
You get paid for doing this verification work in ETH.

[Learn more about staking](/en/staking/)

 _All products listed on this page are not official endorsements, and are
provided for informational purposes only. If you want to add a product or
provide feedback on the policy raise an issue in GitHub. [Raise issue(opens in
a new tab)](https://github.com/ethereum/ethereum-org-
website/issues/new/choose)_

![üëã](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f44b.svg)

New to ETH? Here's an overview to get you started. [What's ETH?](/en/eth/)

## What country do you live in?

Exchanges have restrictions on where they can sell crypto. This is an
indicative list of services thought to operate in each country. Inclusion here
is not an endorsement - you should do your own research!

Type where you live...

![üó∫Ô∏è](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f5fa.svg)

Enter your country of residence to see a list of exchanges you may be able to
use

## Decentralized exchanges (DEXs)

### What are DEXs?

Decentralized exchanges are open marketplaces for ETH and other tokens. They
connect buyers and sellers directly.

Instead of using a trusted third party to safeguard funds in the transaction,
they use code. The seller's ETH will only be transferred when payment is
guaranteed. This type of code is known as a smart contract. [More on smart
contracts](/en/smart-contracts/)

This means there are fewer geographical restrictions than with centralized
alternatives. If someone is selling what you want and accepting a payment
method you can provide, you‚Äôre good to go.

You will need a wallet to use a DEX.

[Get a wallet](/en/wallets/find-wallet/)

Note: many dexes use wrapped ether (WETH) to function. [Learn more about
wrapped ether](/en/wrapped-eth/).

### Buy with other crypto

Swap your tokens for other people's ETH. And vice versa.

![](/_next/image/?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Funi.46d23238.png&w=48&q=75)

[Uniswap(opens in a new tab)](https://app.uniswap.org/#/swap)

‚Üó

![](/_next/image/?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2F1inch.843ff8de.png&w=48&q=75)

[1inch(opens in a new tab)](https://1inch.exchange/#/)

‚Üó

![](/_next/image/?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Fbancor.4a7ff7cd.png&w=48&q=75)

[Bancor(opens in a new tab)](https://www.carbondefi.xyz/)

‚Üó

![](/_next/image/?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Fkyber.fd1916e6.png&w=48&q=75)

[Kyber(opens in a new tab)](https://kyberswap.com/#/swap/)

‚Üó

These DEXs aren't for beginners as you'll need some ETH to use them. These are
just examples, not endorsed products. Do your own research!

## Keeping your ETH safe

![](/_next/image/?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Fwallet.454231ba.png&w=1920&q=75)

### Community posts on security

[Protecting yourself and your funds(opens in a new
tab)](https://support.mycrypto.com/staying-safe/protecting-yourself-and-your-
funds)

MyCrypto

‚Üó

[The keys to keeping your crypto safe(opens in a new
tab)](https://blog.coinbase.com/the-keys-to-keeping-your-crypto-
safe-96d497cce6cf)

Coinbase

‚Üó

Ethereum isn't controlled by any single organization - it is decentralized.

This means you need to take the security of your funds seriously. With ETH,
you‚Äôre not trusting a bank or company to look after your assets, you‚Äôre taking
responsibility for yourself.

### Keep your ETH in your own wallet

One of the main features of Ethereum is that you keep control of your own
assets by managing your own account. This means you don't have to trust any
third party with your assets, and you are protected from any custodian acting
dishonestly, going bankrupt or getting hacked. However, it also means you take
responsibility for your own security.

[Check out wallets](/en/wallets/)

### Your ETH address

When you download a wallet it will create a public ETH address for you. Here's
what one looks like:

0x0125e2478d69eXaMpLe81766fef5c120d30fb53f

Example: Do not copy

Think of this like your email address, but instead of mail it can receive ETH.
If you want to transfer ETH from an exchange to your wallet, use your address
as the destination. Be sure to always double check before you send!

### Follow wallet instructions

If you lose access to your account, you‚Äôll lose access to your funds. Your
wallet should give you instructions on protecting against this. Be sure to
follow them carefully ‚Äì in most cases, no one can help you if you lose access
to your account.

![page-index-sections-individuals-image-
alt](/_next/image/?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Fdoge-
computer.482265f8.png&w=1200&q=75)

## Use your ETH

Now that you own some ETH, check out some Ethereum applications (dapps). There
are dapps for finance, social media, gaming and lots of other categories.

[Check out dapps](/en/dapps/)

### Was this page helpful?

YesNo

Website last updated: May 22, 2024

[(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/ethereum/ethereum-org-
website)[(opens in a new tab)](https://twitter.com/ethdotorg)[(opens in a new
tab)](https://discord.gg/ethereum-org)

### Learn

  * [Learn Hub](/en/learn/)
  * [What is Ethereum?](/en/what-is-ethereum/)
  * [What is ether (ETH)?](/en/eth/)
  * [Ethereum wallets](/en/wallets/)
  * [What is Web3?](/en/web3/)
  * [Smart contracts](/en/smart-contracts/)
  * [Gas fees](/en/gas/)
  * [Run a node](/en/run-a-node/)
  * [Ethereum security and scam prevention](/en/security/)
  * [Quiz Hub](/en/quizzes/)
  * [Ethereum glossary](/en/glossary/)

### Use

  * [Guides](/en/guides/)
  * [Choose your wallet](/en/wallets/find-wallet/)
  * [Get ETH](/en/get-eth/)
  * [Dapps - Decentralized applications](/en/dapps/)
  * [Stablecoins](/en/stablecoins/)
  * [NFTs - Non-fungible tokens](/en/nft/)
  * [DeFi - Decentralized finance](/en/defi/)
  * [DAOs - Decentralized autonomous organizations](/en/dao/)
  * [Decentralized identity](/en/decentralized-identity/)
  * [Stake ETH](/en/staking/)
  * [Layer 2](/en/layer-2/)

### Build

  * [Builder's home](/en/developers/)
  * [Tutorials](/en/developers/tutorials/)
  * [Documentation](/en/developers/docs/)
  * [Learn by coding](/en/developers/learning-tools/)
  * [Set up local environment](/en/developers/local-environment/)
  * [Grants](/en/community/grants/)
  * [Foundational topics](/en/developers/docs/intro-to-ethereum/)
  * [UX/UI design fundamentals](/en/developers/docs/design-and-ux/)
  * [Enterprise - Mainnet Ethereum](/en/enterprise/)
  * [Enterprise - Private Ethereum](/en/enterprise/private-ethereum/)

### Participate

  * [Community hub](/en/community/)
  * [Online communities](/en/community/online/)
  * [Ethereum events](/en/community/events/)
  * [Contributing to ethereum.org](/en/contributing/)
  * [Translation Program](/en/contributing/translation-program/)
  * [Ethereum bug bounty program](/en/bug-bounty/)
  * [Ethereum Foundation](/en/foundation/)
  * [Ethereum Foundation Blog(opens in a new tab)](https://blog.ethereum.org/)
  * [Ecosystem Support Program(opens in a new tab)](https://esp.ethereum.foundation)
  * [Devcon(opens in a new tab)](https://devcon.org/)

### Research

  * [Ethereum Whitepaper](/en/whitepaper/)
  * [Ethereum roadmap](/en/roadmap/)
  * [Improved security](/en/roadmap/security/)
  * [Technical history of Ethereum](/en/history/)
  * [Open research](/en/community/research/)
  * [Ethereum Improvement Proposals](/en/eips/)
  * [Ethereum governance](/en/governance/)

  * [About us](/en/about/)
  * [Ethereum brand assets](/en/assets/)
  * [Code of conduct](/en/community/code-of-conduct/)
  * [Jobs](/en/about/#open-jobs)
  * [Privacy policy](/en/privacy-policy/)
  * [Terms of use](/en/terms-of-use/)
  * [Cookie policy](/en/cookie-policy/)
  * [Press Contact(opens in a new tab)](mailto:press@ethereum.org)

Is this page helpful?

Data source: [coingecko.com(opens in a new
tab)](https://www.coingecko.com/en/coins/ethereum)

### Smart contract

A smart contract is a program that automatically executes agreements on a
blockchain, like a self-enforcing digital contract. [Introduction to smart
contracts](/en/smart-contracts/).

