  * **Wallet**[**Mobile App** The world of Web3 in your pocket](/download)[**Browser Extension** An optimized Web3 experience for desktop](/browser-extension)
  * **Features**[**Swaps** Swap securely and seamlessly](/swap)[**Staking** Earn crypto rewards while securing networks](/staking)[**NFTs** Explore the world of NFTs](/nft)[**Security** Learn how we keep your assets & Web3 journey safe](/security)[**Buy Crypto** Buy crypto in under five minutes](/buy-crypto)[**SWIFT: Smart Contract Wallet** Explore Web3 easily with account abstraction features](/swift)
  * **Build**[**Developer Docs** Get guides for building powerful Web3 applications](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/)[**Wallet Core** Open-source, mobile-focused crypto wallet library](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/wallet-core)[**Submit dApp** Get your dApp in front of millions](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-dapps)[**Get assets listed** Elevate your asset’s exposure](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-assets)
  * **Support**[**FAQ** Get answers to your most pressing questions](https://community.trustwallet.com/c/helpcenter/8)[**Community Forum** Connect with our vibrant and diverse community](https://community.trustwallet.com/)[**Contact Us** Reach out for personalized support](https://support.trustwallet.com/en/support/home)
  * **About**[**About Us** Discover who we are and what drives us](/about-us)[**Careers** Join us in shaping the future of Web3](/careers)[**Press Kit** Download our official logo and other media assets](/press)[**Blog** Stay up-to-date on Web3 trends and insights](/blog)[**Terms of Service** What you need to know to use our services](/terms-of-service)[**Privacy Policy** Your privacy matters, learn how we protect it](/privacy-policy)

DarkLightLanguage

[Download Trust Wallet](/download)

[](/)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.4edbb099.svg)[**Mobile App** The world
of Web3 in your pocket](/download)[**Browser Extension** An optimized Web3
experience for desktop](/browser-extension)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.e7c57d68.svg)[**Swaps** Swap securely
and seamlessly](/swap)[**Staking** Earn crypto rewards while securing
networks](/staking)[**NFTs** Explore the world of NFTs](/nft)[**Security**
Learn how we keep your assets & Web3 journey safe](/security)[**Buy Crypto**
Buy crypto in under five minutes](/buy-crypto)[**SWIFT: Smart Contract
Wallet** Explore Web3 easily with account abstraction features](/swift)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.b373ab3f.svg)[**Developer Docs** Get
guides for building powerful Web3
applications](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/)[**Wallet Core**
Open-source, mobile-focused crypto wallet
library](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/wallet-core)[**Submit
dApp** Get your dApp in front of
millions](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-dapps)[**Get
assets listed** Elevate your asset’s
exposure](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-assets)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.1211abf0.svg)[**FAQ** Get answers to
your most pressing
questions](https://community.trustwallet.com/c/helpcenter/8)[**Community
Forum** Connect with our vibrant and diverse
community](https://community.trustwallet.com/)[**Contact Us** Reach out for
personalized support](https://support.trustwallet.com/en/support/home)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.9a6dd06f.svg)[**About Us** Discover who
we are and what drives us](/about-us)[**Careers** Join us in shaping the
future of Web3](/careers)[**Press Kit** Download our official logo and other
media assets](/press)[**Blog** Stay up-to-date on Web3 trends and
insights](/blog)[**Terms of Service** What you need to know to use our
services](/terms-of-service)[**Privacy Policy** Your privacy matters, learn
how we protect it](/privacy-policy)

[](/)

WalletFeaturesBuildSupportAbout

Language

[Download](/download)

# Your security. Your  
privacy. Our priority

Security & privacy are at the core of what we do. Learn how we protect your
data and make your entire Web3 journey safer.

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.0acff7b3.svg)

![Narrowly escaped a potentially devastating
loss](/_next/image?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Fimage.3eb8e9cf.png&w=3840&q=75)

## We build security features that protect your assets

Built-in risk monitoring tools, like our Security Scanner, help over 100
million Trust Wallet users safeguard their assets and avoid potential scams.

[Download Trust Wallet](/download)

### Independently audited by industry leaders

![Certik Emblem](/_next/static/media/image.e634fe64.svg)![Cure53
Emblem](/_next/static/media/image.928a03dd.svg)![Halborn
Emblem](/_next/static/media/image.157eca83.svg)![Kudelsky Security
Emblem](/_next/static/media/image.4674ab8b.svg)

### ISO Certified

![A-LIGN ISO 27701](/_next/static/media/image.8354ab2c.svg)![A-LIGN ISO
27001](/_next/static/media/image.7f0b3bc9.svg)

## Your entire Web3 journey,  
made safe and secure

  * ### Protect your crypto with proactive security warnings

![Risk
Alert](/_next/image?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Fimage.b7792733.png&w=640&q=100)

  * ### Safeguard your assets with Encrypted Cloud Backups

![Risk
Alert](/_next/image?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Fimage.2c18e2a3.png&w=640&q=100)

  * ### Connect a hardware wallet to add another layer of security

![Risk
Alert](/_next/image?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Fimage.4af1068a.png&w=640&q=100)

  * ### Hide & report unsafe NFTs

![Risk
Alert](/_next/image?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Fimage.fe7ffa83.png&w=640&q=100)

## Security is at our core

With the trust of over 100 million people worldwide, we take a proactive
approach to security.

## Battle-tested  since 2017

Protected by multiple layers of security, we’ve operated safely since
inception. Keeping your assets safe has always been and will always be our top
priority.

  * #### Strong encryption

All our products have strong encryption as verified by multiple leading
independent auditors.

[Read more](https://community.trustwallet.com/t/a-complete-overview-of-trust-
wallet-security/628739#state-of-the-art-encryption-security-3)

  * #### Independent security audits

We regularly undergo audits by reputable third-party security auditing firms
to identify and fix potential vulnerabilities – keeping your assets and data
safe.

[Read more](https://trustwallet.com/blog/complete-overview-of-trust-wallet-
security)

  * #### Security monitoring

We proactively identify risks with ongoing security monitoring for our
community’s protection. In-app notifications keep you up to date.

[Read more](https://blog.trustwallet.com/blog/a-safer-web3-experience-with-
trust-wallet-security-scanner)

  * #### Bug bounty

Bug bounties allow us to continually improve our products and stay ahead of
threats in the crypto ecosystem.

[Read more](https://community.trustwallet.com/t/trust-wallet-security-bug-
bounty/31916)

### Our security partners

![Ancilia Emblem](/_next/static/media/image.64207011.svg)![Binance
Emblem](/_next/static/media/image.a8545d99.svg)![Hashdit
Emblem](/_next/static/media/image.8a5b32e2.svg)

## Your right to privacy

We prioritize your right to privacy, using data responsibly to enhance your
experience.

  * ### Self-custody

Your keys, your crypto. We never access or store your private keys.

  * ### Zero personal tracking

We don't track or store your personal info, such as IP or email address.

  * ### No sign-up required

Set up a new wallet freely. No personal data required.

### Discover more ways to keep your assets safe

[Get safety tips](https://community.trustwallet.com/t/how-to-spot-a-phishing-
attack-protect-your-crypto/753663)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.16e2b8fb.svg)

### Get help when you need it

[Contact Support](https://support.trustwallet.com/en/support/home)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.1211abf0.svg)

##### Stay Connected:

[](https://facebook.com/trustwalletapp)[](https://github.com/trustwallet)[](https://instagram.com/trustwallet)[](https://twitter.com/trustwallet)[](https://discord.gg/trustwallet)[](https://reddit.com/r/trustapp)[](https://t.me/trustwallet)

  * **Wallet**[Mobile App](/download)[Browser Extension](/browser-extension)
  * **Features**[Buy Crypto](/buy-crypto)[Swaps](/swap)[Staking](/staking)[NFTs](/nft)[Security](/security)[SWIFT: Smart Contract Wallet](/swift)
  * **Build**[Developer Docs](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/)[Wallet Core](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/wallet-core)[Submit dApp](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-dapps)[Get assets listed](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-assets)
  * **Support**[FAQ](https://community.trustwallet.com/c/helpcenter/8)[Community Forum](https://community.trustwallet.com/)[Contact Us](https://support.trustwallet.com/en/support/home)
  * **About**[About Us](/about-us)[Careers](/careers)[Press Kit](/press)[Terms of Service](/terms-of-service)[Privacy Policy](/privacy-policy)[Blog](/blog)
  * ![A-LIGN ISO 27701](/_next/static/media/image.8354ab2c.svg)![A-LIGN ISO 27001](/_next/static/media/image.7f0b3bc9.svg)

**Download Trust Wallet**

The most trusted & secure crypto wallet.

[Download for iOS](https://apps.apple.com/app/apple-
store/id1288339409?mt=8)[Download
Extension![Chrome](/_next/static/media/raw.7dd85797.svg)](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/trust-
wallet/egjidjbpglichdcondbcbdnbeeppgdph)[Download APK](/download/apk)[Download
for Android![App
Store](/_next/image?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Fimage.5ee64b2e.png&w=256&q=75)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.wallet.crypto.trustapp)

