[![Helium Logo](/_next/static/media/logosymbol.e32f55d5.svg)](/)

Build![Down arrow](/_next/static/media/navarrow.68f4a5a0.svg)

[HotspotsBuild the network and mine HNT](/mine)

[TokenExplore HNT and Data Credits](/token)

[Helium 5GDeploy 5G Coverage on Helium](/5G)

Use IoT![Down arrow](/_next/static/media/navarrow.68f4a5a0.svg)

[CommercialConnect your devices to the Network](/commercial)

[RoamAdd our coverage to yours](/roam)

[SolutionsDiscover solutions built on Helium](/solutions)

[Developer DocumentationTechnical Information, FAQ and
Support](https://docs.helium.com)

[Featured ProductsIOT sensors from popular manufacturers](/featured-products)

Resources![Down arrow](/_next/static/media/navarrow.68f4a5a0.svg)

[BlogRead our news and announcements](https://blog.helium.com)

[Helium ExplorerNetwork Map](https://explorer.helium.com)

[CommunityJoin the Helium Discord](https://discord.gg/helium)

[Ecosystem](/ecosystem)[Case Studies](/stories)

![Menu](/_next/static/media/menuwhite.97522b9f.svg)

![Cross](/_next/static/media/cross.97e56514.svg)

Build ![Diagonal Down Arrow](/_next/static/media/dropdownarrow.10ee975b.svg)

[Hotspots](/mine)[Token](/token)[Helium 5G](/5G)

Use IoT ![Diagonal Down Arrow](/_next/static/media/dropdownarrow.10ee975b.svg)

[Commercial](/commercial)[Roam](/roam)[Solutions](/solutions)[Developer
Documentation](https://docs.helium.com)[Featured Products](/featured-products)

Resources ![Diagonal Down
Arrow](/_next/static/media/dropdownarrow.10ee975b.svg)

[Blog](https://blog.helium.com)[Helium
Explorer](https://explorer.helium.com)[Community](https://discord.gg/helium)

[Ecosystem](/ecosystem)[Case Studies](/stories)

# A Better Wireless Network.

## Connect your IoT devices on the largest LoRaWAN network in the world.

### Run compatible devices on the largest, most reliable and secure public
LoRaWAN network in the world.

Eliminate the need for large amounts of time and money required to build
legacy network infrastructures and instead focus on what really matters:
Connecting devices and analyzing data with Helium’s low-power, wide-area
network (LPWAN).

#### Want to learn more?  
Get in touch with our team here:

[![Search Icon with 'View Network Map'
Text](/_next/static/media/viewmap.bec584cb.svg)](https://explorer.helium.com)

# Next Level  
IoT Connectivity

Helium fully supports the LoRaWAN wireless protocol and delivers the following
capabilities:

![Check Mark](/_next/static/media/lora1.5e21047f.svg)

### Frictionless device onboarding

Simply point devices at the Helium Network, no need to reflash firmware.

![Roaming Icon](/_next/static/media/lora2.6bc14f3e.svg)

### True Device Roaming

Devices can connect and send data via any Hotspot, to any network server.

![Clouid Icon](/_next/static/media/lora3.9872f209.svg)

### Your choice of hosting

Run your own network server or simply use Helium`s own hosted platform.

![Transfer Icon](/_next/static/media/lora4.ed9be6e2.svg)

### Individualized Payments

Pay based on individual data usages at an average cost of $1/sensor/year.

![Barnacle logo](/_next/static/media/barnacle.3f1188c8.svg)

![Open Quote Symbol](/_next/static/media/openquote.ad8a1bfe.svg)

## We love the Helium model, and especially the tailwind behind it; as opposed
to a headwind like privacy, which we see in Amazon's Sidewalk..."

Connor Lewis

Barnacle Co-Founder & CEO

![Stack of
Boxes](/_next/image?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Fbarnaclebg.020c2b89.jpg&w=3840&q=75)

![Nexmachina logo](/_next/static/media/nexmachina.ddb29dbc.svg)

![Open Quote Symbol](/_next/static/media/openquote.ad8a1bfe.svg)

### First of all, the Network can be made available to all users very quickly,
resulting in a large growth in the use of the application and a win-win
situation for everyone. The young market cannot always access cellular
networks and this would bring customers from the fastest growing sector of the
population in terms of income and savings.

Plus, the minimal costs of operating and adapting the platform and no waiting
times. People can think of an idea and implement it in a matter of 5 minutes,
test, analyze the data and see if they make it extensive. It gives much more
leeway to have the Network at your service than having to dedicate a service
to the Network..."

Fernando Presa Frias

Nexmachina Founder & CEO

![Network with many
connections](/_next/image?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Fnexmachinabg.e093e668.jpg&w=3840&q=75)

![Victor logo](/_next/static/media/victor.67e6f1dc.svg)

![Open Quote Symbol](/_next/static/media/openquote.ad8a1bfe.svg)

## Our team are experts in making highly-effective rodent control devices,
we’ve been doing it for over 120 years. Having the chance to combine our
expertise with Helium’s unique network is an exciting opportunity to bring
revolutionary traps to a new audience..."

Ashley Brown

Victor Senior Director of Commercial Pest Control

![Mouse in
underbrush](/_next/image?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Fvictorbg.08d411dd.jpg&w=3840&q=75)

## Get Ecosystem Updates to Your Inbox

* * *

##### Learn

[Home](/)[Ecosystem](/ecosystem)[Solutions](/solutions)[Blog](https://blog.helium.com)[Whitepaper](http://whitepaper.helium.com)

##### Get Involved

[Mine](/mine)[Use](/commercial)[Roam](/roam)[Switch from 3G](/switch)[HNT and
Data Credits](/token)[Developers](https://docs.helium.com)[Helium Mobile](/5G)

##### Social

[Discord](https://discord.gg/helium)[Twitter](https://twitter.com/helium)[Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/heliumsystems)[LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/company/heliuminc)[Github](https://github.com/helium)[YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/c/HeliumInc)[Reddit](https://www.reddit.com/r/HeliumNetwork)[Instagram](https://www.instagram.com/helium/)

##### Get in Touch

[hello@helium.foundation](mailto:hello@helium.foundation)[press@helium.foundation](mailto:press@helium.foundation)

* * *

![Helium Logo](/_next/static/media/logo-horizontalwhite.ecf69e9c.svg)

[Privacy Policy](/privacy)[Website Terms](/website-terms)

