[](https://www.binance.com/en)

[Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/crypto/buy)

[Markets](https://www.binance.com/en/markets/overview)

Trade

Basic

  * [SpotBuy and sell on the Spot market with advanced tools](https://www.binance.com/en/trade/BTC_USDT?type=spot)
  * [MarginIncrease your profits with leverage](https://www.binance.com/en/trade?type=cross)
  * [P2PBuy & sell cryptocurrencies using bank transfer and 800+ options](https://p2p.binance.com/en)
  * [Convert & Block TradeThe easiest way to trade at all sizes](https://www.binance.com/en/convert)

Advanced

  * [Trading BotsTrade smarter with our various automated strategies - easy, fast and reliable](https://www.binance.com/en/trading-bots)
  * [Copy TradingFollow the most popular traders](https://www.binance.com/en/copy-trading)
  * [APIsUnlimited opportunities with one key](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-api)

[Futures](https://www.binance.com/en/futures/home)

  * [USDⓈ-M FuturesContracts settled in USDT and USDC](https://www.binance.com/en/futures)
  * [COIN-M FuturesContracts settled in cryptocurrency](https://www.binance.com/en/delivery)
  * [OptionsUSDT Options with limited downside and affordable entry](https://www.binance.com/en/eoptions)

[Earn](https://www.binance.com/en/earn)

[Square](https://www.binance.com/en/square)

  * [SquareStay informed with everything crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/square)
  * [Academy (Learn & Earn)Earn crypto by learning about blockchain](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn)
  * [BlogExpand your knowledge and get the latest insights](https://www.binance.com/en/blog)
  * [ResearchInstitutional-grade analysis, in-depth insights, and more](https://www.binance.com/en/research)

More

  * [VIP & InstitutionalYour trusted digital asset platform for VIPs and institutions](https://www.binance.com/en/vip-institutional-services)
  * [Launchpad & LaunchpoolDiscover and gain access to new token launches](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)
  * [MegadropLock your BNB and complete Web3 quests for boosted airdrop rewards](https://www.binance.com/en/megadrop)
  * [Mining PoolMine more rewards by connecting to the pool](https://pool.binance.com/en)
  * [PaySend, receive and spend crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/payment)
  * [LoansGet an instant loan secured by crypto assets](https://www.binance.com/en/loan)

  * [NFTExplore NFTs from creators worldwide](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/home)
  * [Fan TokenDiscover an all-new fandom and unlock unlimited fan experiences](https://www.binance.com/en/fan-token)
  * [Web3 WalletMeet the next-generation Web3 wallet](https://www.binance.com/en/web3wallet)
  * [BNB ChainThe most popular blockchain to build your own dApp](https://www.bnbchain.org)
  * [CharityBlockchain empowers charity to be more transparent, efficient, and traceable](https://www.binance.charity)

[Log
In](https://accounts.binance.com/en/login?loginChannel=blog&return_to=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYmluYW5jZS5jb20vZW4vYmxvZy9naWZ0LWNhcmQvZm91ci13YXlzLXRvLWxldmVsLXVwLXlvdXItcGxheXRvZWFybi1wMmUtZ2FtZS13aXRoLWJpbmFuY2UtZ2lmdC1jYXJkLTE1OTI4NzczNDMxNTM4MzU5ND9sYW5nPWVu)[Sign
Up](https://accounts.binance.com/en/register?registerChannel=blog&return_to=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYmluYW5jZS5jb20vZW4vYmxvZy9naWZ0LWNhcmQvZm91ci13YXlzLXRvLWxldmVsLXVwLXlvdXItcGxheXRvZWFybi1wMmUtZ2FtZS13aXRoLWJpbmFuY2UtZ2lmdC1jYXJkLTE1OTI4NzczNDMxNTM4MzU5ND9sYW5nPWVu)

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/images/common/logo.png)

Scan to Download App IOS & Android

[More Download
Options](https://www.binance.com/en/download?utm_source=&utm_campaign=)

##### [Binance Blog](/blog)

# Four Ways to Level Up Your Play-to-Earn (P2E) Game With Binance Gift Card

2023-04-07

## **Main Takeaway**

  * Binance Gift Card is a simple and secure way to transfer crypto across the globe.

  * With near-instant transactions, these crypto gift cards can be used in a variety of ways.

  * Here are four ways Binance Gift Card can take your Web2 and Web3 games to another level.

_Binance Gift Cards may be the P2E game-changer that you seek. Find out why._

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20230801/257e084f-1ca8-487b-bd83-934a718884d5)

Play-to-earn ([_P2E_](https://academy.binance.com/en/articles/what-is-play-to-
earn-and-how-to-cash-out)) games are gaining popularity due to the rewards
they offer, often cryptocurrencies like Ether (ETH). Typically developed by
indie developers and gaming companies, P2E games often involve decentralized
apps ([_DApps_](https://academy.binance.com/en/articles/what-are-
decentralized-applications-dapps)), smart contracts, and non-fungible tokens
([_NFTs_](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/nft)).

The rising popularity of P2E games has sparked an evolution of game trends;
P2E crypto games are now gaining traction as studios start exploring crypto to
unlock new market opportunities.

Thinking of hopping on the trend and incorporating rewards into your games?
We’ve identified four ways you can – all with the help of [_Binance Gift
Cards_](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/gift-card/unlock-business-
opportunities-with-binance-gift-card-solution-2745950951180064643).

## **Incentivize Players With Crypto Gift Cards**

Elevate your P2E game user experience by including rewards that are simple to
collect and [_cash out_](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/gift-card/2-simple-
ways-to-redeem-your-binance-gift-card-1144037038095530531). Binance Gift Cards
offer a way to accumulate crypto rewards to be invested, spent, or re-gifted,
all on the Binance platform.

Rewards can help attract a new crowd, boosting your game’s popularity. The
prospect of potentially receiving rewards while playing your game can also
keep users interested for longer, positively impacting your game’s retention
rate.

## **Easy Top-Up via Binance Gift Cards**

If you have a game where users can pay to participate in exclusive events or
get rare in-game items and skins, you may consider offering Binance Gift Cards
as a payment option.

Games with a broader range of payment methods have an advantage over those
without. By providing customers with more options for payment, games become
more accessible as they allow customers to make payments quickly and
conveniently.

If your game only accepts bank transfers and credit cards, you may be missing
out on the underbanked, unbanked, and heavy crypto users.

## **Earn Referral Benefits**

Some players may not be crypto users; you can attach your referral code when
disbursing rewards via Binance Gift Cards to earn from referrals. Want to earn
up to 40% on every trade via our Binance referral scheme? Learn how to do so
with our [_referral
guide_](https://www.binance.com/en/support/faq/d32c4036520b4037ad8d159cbfc92451).

## **Time to Level Up!**

Whether you want to improve your gameplay or increase your user base, Binance
Gift Card is just an email away. Contact
[_giftcard@binance.com_](mailto:giftcard@binance.com) with your game website
to collaborate with us today.

## **Further Reading**

  * (FAQ) [_How Do I Redeem a Gift Card on Binance?_](https://www.binance.com/en/support/faq/277bb1edbce74f8eb91dd058f3066b8c)

  * (FAQ) [_How to Redeem and Convert Binance Gift Card to Fiat Currency_](https://www.binance.com/en/support/faq/db265dbdbf084f72994c35ffe2227cf6)

  * (FAQ) [_How Do I Refer a Friend to Binance With Gift Card?_](https://www.binance.com/en/support/faq/d32c4036520b4037ad8d159cbfc92451)



_Binance reserves the right in its sole discretion to amend or change or
cancel this announcement at any time and for any reason without prior notice._

  
_  Risk Warning: Digital asset prices can be volatile. These fluctuations may
affect the value of digital assets loaded onto a gift card, which may be lower
or higher at the time of redemption than it was at the time of loading.
Binance is not liable for any losses you may incur. Not financial advice. For
more information, see our _[_Terms of Use_](https://www.binance.com/en/terms)
_,_[_Terms of Use for Binance Gift
Cards_](https://www.binance.com/en/support/faq/b90b504039e448d1b6a0e62e2f15f5a5)
_, and_[ _Risk Warning_](https://www.binance.com/en/risk-warning) _._

195,039,873 users chose us. Find out why today.

Register Now

Like this post

###### Share Post

Article Outlines

Four Ways to Level Up Your Play-to-Earn (P2E) Game With Binance Gift Card

Main Takeaway

Incentivize Players With Crypto Gift Cards

Easy Top-Up via Binance Gift Cards

Earn Referral Benefits

Time to Level Up!

Further Reading

195,039,873 users chose us. Find out why today.

Register Now

### Community

[](https://discord.gg/jE4wt8g2H2)[](https://www.binance.com/en/community)[](https://www.tiktok.com/@binance?lang=en)[](https://www.facebook.com/binance)[](https://twitter.com/binance)[](https://www.reddit.com/r/binance)[](https://www.instagram.com/Binance/)[](https://coinmarketcap.com/exchanges/binance/)[](https://www.youtube.com/binanceyoutube)[](https://www.binance.com/en/community)

English

English

العربية

العربية (البحرين)

български

Čeština

Dansk

Deutsch (Schweiz)

Ελληνικά

English (UAE)

English (Australia)

English (Bahrain)

English (India)

English (Japan)

English (Kazakhstan)

English (Nigeria)

English (New Zealand)

English (South Africa)

Español (España)

Español (Argentina)

Español (Latinoamérica)

Español (México)

Français

Français (Afrique)

magyar nyelv

Bahasa Indonesia

Italiano

日本語

Қазақша (Қазақстан)

Қазақша

ລາວ

latviešu valoda

Polski

Português

Português (Brasil)

Română

Русский

Русский (Казахстан)

Русский (Украина)

සිංහල

Slovenčina

Slovenščina

Svenska

Türkçe

Українська

Tiếng Việt

简体中文

繁體中文

Theme

English

Theme

### About Us

  * [About](https://www.binance.com/en/about)
  * [Careers](https://www.binance.com/en/careers)
  * [Announcements](https://www.binance.com/en/support/announcement)
  * [News](https://www.binance.com/en/square/news/all)
  * [Press](https://www.binance.com/en/press)
  * [Legal](https://www.binance.com/en/legal/home)
  * [Terms](https://www.binance.com/en/terms)
  * [Privacy](https://www.binance.com/en/about-legal/privacy-portal)
  * [Building Trust](https://www.binance.com/en/land/building_trust)
  * [Blog](https://www.binance.com/en/blog)
  * [Community](https://www.binance.com/en/community)
  * [Sitemap](https://www.binance.com/en/country-region-selector)
  * [Risk Warning](https://www.binance.com/en/risk-warning)
  * [Notices](https://www.binance.com/en/support/list/notices)
  * [Downloads](https://www.binance.com/en/download)
  * [Desktop Application](https://www.binance.com/en/desktop-download)

### Products

  * [Exchange](https://www.binance.com/en/trade)
  * [Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/buy-sell-crypto)
  * [Leveraged Tokens](https://www.binance.com/en/leveraged-tokens/tokens/allTokens)
  * [TradingView](https://www.binance.com/en/land/tradingview)
  * [Pay](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/payment)
  * [Academy](https://academy.binance.com/en)
  * [Live](https://www.binance.com/en/live)
  * [Tax](https://www.binance.com/en/tax)
  * [Gift Card](https://www.binance.com/en/gift-card)
  * [Launchpad & Launchpool](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)
  * [Auto-Invest](https://www.binance.com/en/auto-invest)
  * [ETH Staking](https://www.binance.com/en/eth2)
  * [NFT](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/home)
  * [BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/bnb)
  * [BABT](https://www.binance.com/en/BABT?source=footer)
  * [Research](https://www.binance.com/en/research)
  * [Charity](https://www.binance.charity)

### Business

  * [P2P Merchant Application](https://c2c.binance.com/en/merchantApplication)
  * [P2Pro Merchant Application](https://p2p.binance.com/en/p2pro)
  * [Listing Application](https://www.binance.com/en/my/coin-apply)
  * [Institutional & VIP Services](https://www.binance.com/en/vip-institutional-services)
  * [Labs](https://labs.binance.com/)

### Learn

  * [Learn & Earn](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn)
  * [Browse Crypto Prices](https://www.binance.com/en/price)
  * [Bitcoin Price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/bitcoin)
  * [Ethereum Price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/ethereum)
  * [Browse Crypto Price Predictions](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction)
  * [Bitcoin Price Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction/bitcoin)
  * [Ethereum Price Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction/ethereum)
  * [Buy Bitcoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bitcoin)
  * [Buy BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bnb)
  * [Buy Ripple](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/xrp)
  * [Buy Dogecoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/dogecoin)
  * [Buy Ethereum](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/ethereum)
  * [Buy Tradable Altcoins](https://www.binance.com/en/altcoins/tradable)

### Service

  * [Affiliate](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/affiliate)
  * [Referral](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/referral?utm_source=Lite_web_footer)
  * [OTC Trading](https://www.binance.com/en/otc)
  * [Historical Market Data](https://www.binance.com/en/landing/data)
  * [Proof of Reserves](https://www.binance.com/en/proof-of-reserves)

### Support

  * [24/7 Chat Support](https://www.binance.com/en/chat?sourceEntry=4)
  * [Support Center](https://www.binance.com/en/support)
  * [Product Feedback & Suggestions](https://www.binance.com/en/my/user-support/feedback/entry)
  * [Fees](https://www.binance.com/en/fee/schedule)
  * [APIs](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-api)
  * [Binance Verify](https://www.binance.com/en/official-verification)
  * [Trading Rules](https://www.binance.com/en/trade-rule)
  * [Binance Airdrop Portal](https://www.binance.com/en/airdrop)
  * [Law Enforcement Requests](https://www.binance.com/en/support/law-enforcement)

Binance© 2024Cookie Preferences

