[](https://www.binance.com/en)

[Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/crypto/buy)

[Markets](https://www.binance.com/en/markets/overview)

Trade

Basic

  * [SpotBuy and sell on the Spot market with advanced tools](https://www.binance.com/en/trade/BTC_USDT?type=spot)
  * [MarginIncrease your profits with leverage](https://www.binance.com/en/trade?type=cross)
  * [P2PBuy & sell cryptocurrencies using bank transfer and 800+ options](https://p2p.binance.com/en)
  * [Convert & Block TradeThe easiest way to trade at all sizes](https://www.binance.com/en/convert)

Advanced

  * [Trading BotsTrade smarter with our various automated strategies - easy, fast and reliable](https://www.binance.com/en/trading-bots)
  * [Copy TradingFollow the most popular traders](https://www.binance.com/en/copy-trading)
  * [APIsUnlimited opportunities with one key](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-api)

[Futures](https://www.binance.com/en/futures/home)

  * [USDⓈ-M FuturesContracts settled in USDT and USDC](https://www.binance.com/en/futures)
  * [COIN-M FuturesContracts settled in cryptocurrency](https://www.binance.com/en/delivery)
  * [OptionsUSDT Options with limited downside and affordable entry](https://www.binance.com/en/eoptions)

[Earn](https://www.binance.com/en/earn)

[Square](https://www.binance.com/en/square)

  * [SquareStay informed with everything crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/square)
  * [Academy (Learn & Earn)Earn crypto by learning about blockchain](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn)
  * [BlogExpand your knowledge and get the latest insights](https://www.binance.com/en/blog)
  * [ResearchInstitutional-grade analysis, in-depth insights, and more](https://www.binance.com/en/research)

More

  * [VIP & InstitutionalYour trusted digital asset platform for VIPs and institutions](https://www.binance.com/en/vip-institutional-services)
  * [Launchpad & LaunchpoolDiscover and gain access to new token launches](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)
  * [MegadropLock your BNB and complete Web3 quests for boosted airdrop rewards](https://www.binance.com/en/megadrop)
  * [Mining PoolMine more rewards by connecting to the pool](https://pool.binance.com/en)
  * [PaySend, receive and spend crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/payment)
  * [LoansGet an instant loan secured by crypto assets](https://www.binance.com/en/loan)

  * [NFTExplore NFTs from creators worldwide](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/home)
  * [Fan TokenDiscover an all-new fandom and unlock unlimited fan experiences](https://www.binance.com/en/fan-token)
  * [Web3 WalletMeet the next-generation Web3 wallet](https://www.binance.com/en/web3wallet)
  * [BNB ChainThe most popular blockchain to build your own dApp](https://www.bnbchain.org)
  * [CharityBlockchain empowers charity to be more transparent, efficient, and traceable](https://www.binance.charity)

[Log
In](https://accounts.binance.com/en/login?loginChannel=blog&return_to=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYmluYW5jZS5jb20vZW4vYmxvZy9mdXR1cmVzL2ZpbmQtdG9wcGVyZm9ybWluZy1jcnlwdG8tZnV0dXJlcy10cmFkZXJzLXdpdGgtYmluYW5jZXMtbmV3LWRpc2NvdmVyLWZlYXR1cmUtMTgyMzUyMzAzNzExNzI5ODgxMD9sYW5nPWVu)[Sign
Up](https://accounts.binance.com/en/register?registerChannel=blog&return_to=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYmluYW5jZS5jb20vZW4vYmxvZy9mdXR1cmVzL2ZpbmQtdG9wcGVyZm9ybWluZy1jcnlwdG8tZnV0dXJlcy10cmFkZXJzLXdpdGgtYmluYW5jZXMtbmV3LWRpc2NvdmVyLWZlYXR1cmUtMTgyMzUyMzAzNzExNzI5ODgxMD9sYW5nPWVu)

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/images/common/logo.png)

Scan to Download App IOS & Android

[More Download
Options](https://www.binance.com/en/download?utm_source=&utm_campaign=)

##### [Binance Blog](/blog)

# Find Top-Performing Crypto Futures Traders with Binance’s New ‘Discover’
Feature

2024-04-08

## Main Takeaways

  * Copy trading on Binance Futures allows users to automatically replicate the trades of experienced traders (Lead Traders), streamlining the learning and investing process.

  * Our new ‘Discover’ feature simplifies finding and following top Lead Traders with an intuitive swipe interface. Users can now navigate through trader profiles more quickly and easily.

  * Detailed portfolio metrics empower users to study the strategies in depth while the mock trading option lets users practice copy trading in a realistic virtual learning environment.

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20240408/7712fd26-eb83-4b5b-bfab-60a547e52c14)

_This is a general announcement. Products and services referred to here may
not be available in your region._

At Binance we’re obsessed with making trading more accessible and efficient.
One recent feature that we’re proud of for its simplicity and effectiveness is
Futures Copy Trading, which allows users to mirror the strategies of more
experienced traders.

Building on this, we’re excited to introduce ‘Discover’ as a new tool designed
to make Futures Copy Trading even easier to use. This update simplifies
finding and following top Lead Traders through an incredibly easy-to-navigate
‘Swipe & Discover’ interface.

The launch of ‘Discover’ underscores our commitment to enhancing user
experience by providing straightforward access to expert trading insights.
Read on to learn more about this intuitive tool for exploring and engaging
with the world of crypto futures!

## What is Futures Copy Trading?

Copy trading is a Binance Futures feature that allows users to automatically
copy the trades of more experienced traders (Lead Traders). Here’s how it
works: when a Lead Trader makes a trade, the same trade is replicated in the
account of the person who has chosen to copy them, based on a proportionate
investment size. This means if the Lead Traders profits, so does the copier
(and vice versa for losses).

This is especially appealing to those new to futures trading or those looking
to benefit from the expertise of seasoned traders without having to spend a
significant amount of time researching and executing trades themselves. It’s a
practical way to learn by observing the decisions of experienced traders in
real time. For a more detailed exploration of copy trading and its benefits,
please refer to our [_introductory
blog_](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/futures/introducing-copy-trading-
leverage-the-power-of-experts-7211002276810535150).

## The Need for Innovation in Copy Trading

Since we launched copy trading in October 2023, we’ve noticed one particular
challenge for new users: the sheer amount of information available! With
countless Lead Traders to choose from, it can take a long time to identify
those with the skills and track records that best meet a user’s preference.
This barrier is compounded if the interface isn’t as user-friendly as
possible, making the process of selecting a Lead Trader more daunting than it
needs to be.

Information is crucial when it comes to trading digital assets, and users need
clear, concise information to make choices that align with their goals.
Recognizing these challenges, we felt there was a need to update our copy
trading solution with a more streamlined selection process, prioritizing and
improving the user experience.

## Unveiling ‘Discover’: Helping You Find The Best Lead Traders

The futures copy trading ‘Discover’ feature is designed to make it easier for
users to connect with the top traders in crypto. ‘Discover’ simplifies the
process of finding Lead Traders to follow, using an incredibly
straightforward, user-friendly interface.

With a simple swipe mechanism, users can quickly and easily browse through
Lead Traders profiles. Swiping right adds a Lead Trader to your favorites,
making it simple to return to their profile later, while swiping left moves
you on to the next profile.

This intuitive interface makes exploring profiles engaging and informative,
encouraging users to actively discover and learn about different strategies
and performances.

‘Discover’ also makes it simple to view detailed portfolio metrics for each
Lead Trader. Users can view performance history, trading strategies, risk
management practices, and more, all aimed at providing a transparent and
informative overview. This allows users to make more informed decisions on
whom to copy, based on the data that matters.

Finally, users should note this enhanced integration lets them easily click
[Mock] to test with virtual funds or click [Copy] to trade directly. [_Mock
Trading_](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/futures/introducing-our-riskfree-
mock-copy-trading-feature-2257213059255097675) lets users practice copy
trading in a realistic virtual learning environment without investing real
money.

## Step-by-Step Guide: How to Use ‘Discover’

Using ‘Discover’ on Binance Futures is straightforward. Here’s a simple step-
by-step guide to get you started:

**1\. Log into Binance Futures (on mobile):** This feature is designed for
mobile so the first thing you need to do is access your Binance account via
your mobile device. Then navigate to the Futures section. Ensure you have the
necessary setup to engage in futures trading.

**2\. Access ‘Discover’:** Look for the ‘Discover’ feature at the bottom of
the Copy Trading homepage. It’s clearly marked and easy to find.

**3\. Start Swiping:** Once in ‘Discover’, you’ll see profiles of lead
traders. Swipe right if you’re interested in learning more about them or
potentially following their trades. Swipe left to move on to the next trader.

**4\. Use Mock or Copy Trading:** Within a trader’s portfolio, you have
options to engage in mock trading with virtual funds or start copy trading
directly. Mock trading is a great way to practice without financial risk.

**5\. Manage Your Favorites:** Traders you’ve swiped right on are added to
your Favorites. You can revisit these profiles anytime to review or adjust
your copy trading choices.

By following these steps, you can effectively navigate ‘Discover’, and make
informed decisions on whom to follow and learn from on Binance Futures.

## Beyond ‘Discover’: Our Vision for the Future of Trading

The launch of Discover reflects our commitment to continuous innovation. We
want to keep making the trading experience more accessible, intuitive, and
efficient for everyone, from beginners to seasoned investors. ‘Discover’ is
another step forward in this journey, offering a much more user-friendly way
to engage with copy trading.

Our vision for the future of trading goes beyond just introducing new
features. We’re dedicated to creating an ecosystem driven by the needs and
feedback of our community. We invite you to be a part of this process. Your
[_feedback and suggestions_](https://www.binance.com/en/my/user-
support/feedback/entry) are invaluable to us as we strive to develop features
that truly meet your needs.

## Final Thoughts

We encourage you to explore Copy Trading with ‘Discover’ and see first-hand
how it can transform your experience. Whether you’re new to futures or looking
to diversify your strategies, ‘Discover’ provides the tools that make it
easier for you to gather information and connect with traders in the crypto
community. Stay tuned for ongoing updates as your feedback continues to help
shape the future of trading on Binance.

## Further Reading

  * [ _Copy Trading: Leverage the Power of Experts_](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/futures/introducing-copy-trading-leverage-the-power-of-experts-7211002276810535150)

  * [ _Introducing Our Risk-Free Mock Copy Trading Feature_](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/futures/introducing-our-riskfree-mock-copy-trading-feature-2257213059255097675)

  * [ _Trade Crypto Futures_](https://www.binance.com/en/futures/home)

* * *

 _**Disclaimer**_ _: Digital asset prices are subject to high market risk and
price volatility. The value of your investment may go down or up, and you may
not get back the amount invested. You are solely responsible for your
investment decisions and Binance is not liable for any losses you may incur.
You should only invest in products you are familiar with and where you
understand the risks. You should carefully consider your investment
experience, financial situation, investment objectives and risk tolerance and
consult an independent financial adviser prior to making any investment.
Trading by following and/or copying or replicating the trades of other traders
involves a high level of risks, even when following and/or copying or
replicating the top-performing traders. Such risks include the risk that you
may be following/copying the trading decisions of possibly
inexperienced/unprofessional traders, or traders whose ultimate purpose or
intention, or financial status may differ from yours. Past performance is not
a reliable indicator of his future performance. No relationship between top-
performing traders & Binance. In no way is performance or results guaranteed.
Content on our platform does not contain advice or recommendations. This
material should not be construed as financial advice. For more information,
see our _[__Terms of Use__](https://www.binance.com/en/terms) _and_[ __Risk
Warning__](https://www.binance.com/en/risk-warning) _and_[ __Responsible
Trading Policy__](https://www.binance.com/en/futures/responsible-trading) _._

194,971,919 users chose us. Find out why today.

Register Now

Like this post

###### Share Post

Article Outlines

Find Top-Performing Crypto Futures Traders with Binance’s New ‘Discover’
Feature

Main Takeaways

What is Futures Copy Trading?

The Need for Innovation in Copy Trading

Unveiling ‘Discover’: Helping You Find The Best Lead Traders

Step-by-Step Guide: How to Use ‘Discover’

Beyond ‘Discover’: Our Vision for the Future of Trading

Final Thoughts

Further Reading

194,971,919 users chose us. Find out why today.

Register Now

### Community

[](https://discord.gg/jE4wt8g2H2)[](https://www.binance.com/en/community)[](https://www.tiktok.com/@binance?lang=en)[](https://www.facebook.com/binance)[](https://twitter.com/binance)[](https://www.reddit.com/r/binance)[](https://www.instagram.com/Binance/)[](https://coinmarketcap.com/exchanges/binance/)[](https://www.youtube.com/binanceyoutube)[](https://www.binance.com/en/community)

English

English

العربية

العربية (البحرين)

български

Čeština

Dansk

Deutsch (Schweiz)

Ελληνικά

English (UAE)

English (Australia)

English (Bahrain)

English (India)

English (Japan)

English (Kazakhstan)

English (Nigeria)

English (New Zealand)

English (South Africa)

Español (España)

Español (Argentina)

Español (Latinoamérica)

Español (México)

Français

Français (Afrique)

magyar nyelv

Bahasa Indonesia

Italiano

日本語

Қазақша (Қазақстан)

Қазақша

ລາວ

latviešu valoda

Polski

Português

Português (Brasil)

Română

Русский

Русский (Казахстан)

Русский (Украина)

සිංහල

Slovenčina

Slovenščina

Svenska

Türkçe

Українська

Tiếng Việt

简体中文

繁體中文

USD-$

USD-$

AED-د.إ

ARS-ARS$

AUD-A$

BDT-৳

BGN-лв

BHD-.د.ب

BOB-$b

BRL-R$

CAD-C$

CHF-CHF

CNY-¥

COP-COL$

CZK-Kč

DKK-KR

EGP-E£

EUR-€

GBP-£

HKD-HKD

HRK-kn

HUF-Ft

IDR-Rp

INR-₹

JPY-¥

KES-KSh

KWD-ك.د

KZT-₸

MAD-م.د.

MNT-₮

MXN-Mex$

NZD-NZ$

OMR-ر.ع.

PEN-S/.

PHP-₱

PKR-₨

PLN-zł

QAR-ر.ق

RON-lei

RUB-₽

SAR-ر.س

SEK-kr

THB-฿

TRY-₺

TWD-NT$

UAH-₴

UGX-USh

VES-Bs

VND-₫

ZAR-R

Theme

English

USD

Theme

### About Us

  * [About](https://www.binance.com/en/about)
  * [Careers](https://www.binance.com/en/careers)
  * [Announcements](https://www.binance.com/en/support/announcement)
  * [News](https://www.binance.com/en/square/news/all)
  * [Press](https://www.binance.com/en/press)
  * [Legal](https://www.binance.com/en/legal/home)
  * [Terms](https://www.binance.com/en/terms)
  * [Privacy](https://www.binance.com/en/about-legal/privacy-portal)
  * [Building Trust](https://www.binance.com/en/land/building_trust)
  * [Blog](https://www.binance.com/en/blog)
  * [Community](https://www.binance.com/en/community)
  * [Sitemap](https://www.binance.com/en/country-region-selector)
  * [Risk Warning](https://www.binance.com/en/risk-warning)
  * [Notices](https://www.binance.com/en/support/list/notices)
  * [Downloads](https://www.binance.com/en/download)
  * [Desktop Application](https://www.binance.com/en/desktop-download)

### Products

  * [Exchange](https://www.binance.com/en/trade)
  * [Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/buy-sell-crypto)
  * [Leveraged Tokens](https://www.binance.com/en/leveraged-tokens/tokens/allTokens)
  * [TradingView](https://www.binance.com/en/land/tradingview)
  * [Pay](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/payment)
  * [Academy](https://academy.binance.com/en)
  * [Live](https://www.binance.com/en/live)
  * [Tax](https://www.binance.com/en/tax)
  * [Gift Card](https://www.binance.com/en/gift-card)
  * [Launchpad & Launchpool](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)
  * [Auto-Invest](https://www.binance.com/en/auto-invest)
  * [ETH Staking](https://www.binance.com/en/eth2)
  * [NFT](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/home)
  * [BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/bnb)
  * [BABT](https://www.binance.com/en/BABT?source=footer)
  * [Research](https://www.binance.com/en/research)
  * [Charity](https://www.binance.charity)

### Business

  * [P2P Merchant Application](https://c2c.binance.com/en/merchantApplication)
  * [P2Pro Merchant Application](https://p2p.binance.com/en/p2pro)
  * [Listing Application](https://www.binance.com/en/my/coin-apply)
  * [Institutional & VIP Services](https://www.binance.com/en/vip-institutional-services)
  * [Labs](https://labs.binance.com/)

### Learn

  * [Learn & Earn](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn)
  * [Browse Crypto Prices](https://www.binance.com/en/price)
  * [Bitcoin Price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/bitcoin)
  * [Ethereum Price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/ethereum)
  * [Browse Crypto Price Predictions](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction)
  * [Bitcoin Price Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction/bitcoin)
  * [Ethereum Price Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction/ethereum)
  * [Buy Bitcoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bitcoin)
  * [Buy BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bnb)
  * [Buy Ripple](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/xrp)
  * [Buy Dogecoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/dogecoin)
  * [Buy Ethereum](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/ethereum)
  * [Buy Tradable Altcoins](https://www.binance.com/en/altcoins/tradable)

### Service

  * [Affiliate](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/affiliate)
  * [Referral](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/referral?utm_source=Lite_web_footer)
  * [OTC Trading](https://www.binance.com/en/otc)
  * [Historical Market Data](https://www.binance.com/en/landing/data)
  * [Proof of Reserves](https://www.binance.com/en/proof-of-reserves)

### Support

  * [24/7 Chat Support](https://www.binance.com/en/chat?sourceEntry=4)
  * [Support Center](https://www.binance.com/en/support)
  * [Product Feedback & Suggestions](https://www.binance.com/en/my/user-support/feedback/entry)
  * [Fees](https://www.binance.com/en/fee/schedule)
  * [APIs](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-api)
  * [Binance Verify](https://www.binance.com/en/official-verification)
  * [Trading Rules](https://www.binance.com/en/trade-rule)
  * [Binance Airdrop Portal](https://www.binance.com/en/airdrop)
  * [Law Enforcement Requests](https://www.binance.com/en/support/law-enforcement)

Binance© 2024Cookie Preferences

