[](https://www.binance.com/en)

[Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/crypto/buy)

[Markets](https://www.binance.com/en/markets/overview)

Trade

Basic

  * [SpotBuy and sell on the Spot market with advanced tools](https://www.binance.com/en/trade/BTC_USDT?type=spot)
  * [MarginIncrease your profits with leverage](https://www.binance.com/en/trade?type=cross)
  * [P2PBuy & sell cryptocurrencies using bank transfer and 800+ options](https://p2p.binance.com/en)
  * [Convert & Block TradeThe easiest way to trade at all sizes](https://www.binance.com/en/convert)

Advanced

  * [Trading BotsTrade smarter with our various automated strategies - easy, fast and reliable](https://www.binance.com/en/trading-bots)
  * [Copy TradingFollow the most popular traders](https://www.binance.com/en/copy-trading)
  * [APIsUnlimited opportunities with one key](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-api)

[Futures](https://www.binance.com/en/futures/home)

  * [USDⓈ-M FuturesContracts settled in USDT and USDC](https://www.binance.com/en/futures)
  * [COIN-M FuturesContracts settled in cryptocurrency](https://www.binance.com/en/delivery)
  * [OptionsUSDT Options with limited downside and affordable entry](https://www.binance.com/en/eoptions)

[Earn](https://www.binance.com/en/earn)

[Square](https://www.binance.com/en/square)

  * [SquareStay informed with everything crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/square)
  * [Academy (Learn & Earn)Earn crypto by learning about blockchain](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn)
  * [BlogExpand your knowledge and get the latest insights](https://www.binance.com/en/blog)
  * [ResearchInstitutional-grade analysis, in-depth insights, and more](https://www.binance.com/en/research)

More

  * [VIP & InstitutionalYour trusted digital asset platform for VIPs and institutions](https://www.binance.com/en/vip-institutional-services)
  * [Launchpad & LaunchpoolDiscover and gain access to new token launches](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)
  * [MegadropLock your BNB and complete Web3 quests for boosted airdrop rewards](https://www.binance.com/en/megadrop)
  * [Mining PoolMine more rewards by connecting to the pool](https://pool.binance.com/en)
  * [PaySend, receive and spend crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/payment)
  * [LoansGet an instant loan secured by crypto assets](https://www.binance.com/en/loan)

  * [NFTExplore NFTs from creators worldwide](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/home)
  * [Fan TokenDiscover an all-new fandom and unlock unlimited fan experiences](https://www.binance.com/en/fan-token)
  * [Web3 WalletMeet the next-generation Web3 wallet](https://www.binance.com/en/web3wallet)
  * [BNB ChainThe most popular blockchain to build your own dApp](https://www.bnbchain.org)
  * [CharityBlockchain empowers charity to be more transparent, efficient, and traceable](https://www.binance.charity)

[Log
In](https://accounts.binance.com/en/login?loginChannel=blog&return_to=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYmluYW5jZS5jb20vZW4vYmxvZy9yZXNlYXJjaC9iaW5hbmNlLXJlc2VhcmNoLWtleS10cmVuZHMtaW4tY3J5cHRvLS1tYXktMjAyNC0yMjI5OTgxNDY1NDU2MjM2Nzc%2FbGFuZz1lbg%3D%3D)[Sign
Up](https://accounts.binance.com/en/register?registerChannel=blog&return_to=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYmluYW5jZS5jb20vZW4vYmxvZy9yZXNlYXJjaC9iaW5hbmNlLXJlc2VhcmNoLWtleS10cmVuZHMtaW4tY3J5cHRvLS1tYXktMjAyNC0yMjI5OTgxNDY1NDU2MjM2Nzc%2FbGFuZz1lbg%3D%3D)

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/images/common/logo.png)

Scan to Download App IOS & Android

[More Download
Options](https://www.binance.com/en/download?utm_source=&utm_campaign=)

##### [Binance Blog](/blog)

# Binance Research: Key Trends in Crypto – May 2024

2024-05-06

[Research](/blog/tag/research-44)

## Main Takeaways

  * This blog previews the recent Binance Research report discussing key developments in crypto markets over the past month.

  * April was a tough month for crypto, with total market capitalization decreasing 11.3% as the momentum from previous months slowed. 

  * DeFi and NFT markets also declined, registering a 0.7% decrease in TVL and a 21% fall in monthly trading volume, respectively.

_Thanks to_[ __Binance Research__](https://www.binance.com/en/research) _, you
can take advantage of industry-grade analyses of the processes shaping Web3.
By sharing these insights, we hope to empower our community with the latest
knowledge from the field of crypto research._

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20240506/045500d1-bb77-454d-b339-fa402816a68d.png)

Today’s blog explores key Web3 developments in April 2024 to provide an
overview of the ecosystem’s current state. We analyze the performance of
crypto, DeFi, and NFT markets before previewing major events to look out for
in May 2024.

## Crypto Market Performance in April 2024

April was a difficult month for crypto, with total market capitalization
decreasing 11.3% as the momentum accumulated over the previous months shifted
downward. Some of the main contributors to this reversal included changes in
rate-cut expectations, geopolitical risks, and a slowdown in spot bitcoin ETF
flows.

Nevertheless, there were positive developments throughout the month as well.
Six different spot crypto-based ETFs began trading in Hong Kong on April 30
after approval from regulators. Additionally, the total supply of USD-pegged
stablecoins reached its highest point in two years. Stablecoin supplies of
USDT and USDC have been steadily increasing, indicating sustained capital
flows into the crypto market.

_**Monthly change in crypto market capitalization (%)**_

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20240506/bcb1bb42-d41d-4b84-8af6-ab259f866cc7)
Source: CoinMarketCap (April 30, 2024)

_**Monthly price performance of the top 10 coins by market capitalization  **_

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20240506/1d60396e-9c71-427c-b292-03a66d4fb5ab)

Source: CoinMarketCap (April 30, 2024)

Most of the top ten coins by market capitalization closed off the month in
negative territory. TON and BNB managed to show relative resistance with a
gain of 1.0% and a slight decrease of 1.4%, respectively. TON’s top
performance can be attributed to the traction its ecosystem has been gaining
recently, hitting all-time highs in April in terms of monthly active addresses
and the total value locked (TVL) in the network. BNB has continued to be one
of the top performers over the past few months.

ETH and BTC both saw declines of around 8% in April. Nevertheless, the
approval of three spot BTC ETFs and three spot ETH ETFs in Hong Kong marked a
positive milestone for the two leading cryptocurrencies. XRP and SHIB
experienced larger price declines, decreasing 17.1% and 19.2% over the month,
respectively. DOGE, ADA, SOL, and AVAX demonstrated the weakest performances
among the leading pack, falling around 30% by the end of the month.

### Decentralized finance (DeFi)

Aligned with broader market trends, April was a quiet month for the DeFi
sector, which saw a 0.7% decrease in TVL. Among the top ten chains, Merlin
Chain, a native Bitcoin layer-2 solution, grew the most with a monthly gain of
1000% and a TVL raching over $1 billion. Regarding protocols, notable
performers included Pendle and Hyperliquid. Pendle’s TVL reached $5 billion,
and its cumulative trading volume exceeded $15 billion. Hyperliquid’s TVL
breached $435 million, surpassing Aptos, Near, and Cardano.

_**TVL share of top blockchains**_

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20240506/c692f928-1992-4739-adda-b2ee61d239aa)

Source: DeFiLlama (April 30, 2024)

### Non-fungible tokens (NFTs)

_**Monthly NFT trading volume**_

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20240506/c39273b0-ef3b-4048-aaf2-f9c3ee62bf5e)
Source: CryptoSlam (April 30, 2024)

The NFT market also declined in April, registering a 21% monthly decrease in
total sales volume to $1.11 billion. Bitcoin collections continued to steal
the spotlight, with four of the top five collections by sales volume for the
month being Bitcoin-based. These collections, namely Ordinals, PUPS, WZRD, and
NodeMonkes, collectively recorded a sales volume of $423 million. Sentiment
toward Ethereum collections remained relatively poor.

In terms of NFT sales volumes across the top chains, Bitcoin led with $567
million, followed by Ethereum with $241 million and Solana with $153 million.
On a percentage basis, Bitcoin saw a 5% decrease in total volume, while
Ethereum and Solana saw significant declines close to or more than 50%. These
numbers suggest that collectors have recently shifted their focus toward
Bitcoin-based offerings.

## Upcoming Events

To help users stay updated on the latest Web3 news, the Binance Research team
has summarized notable events and token unlocks for the month to come. Keep an
eye on these upcoming developments in the blockchain space.

_**Notable events in May 2024**_

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20240507/433111e8-b275-4b1d-baf5-a3f5995c0b97.png)

Source: Binance Research

 _**Largest token unlocks in US$ terms**_

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20240506/96b5f7a7-3309-4f5e-98e5-4234b1c74bf7)

Source: Token Unlocks, Binance Research

## Binance Research

The Binance Research team is committed to delivering objective, independent,
and comprehensive analyses of the crypto space. We publish insightful takes on
Web3 topics, including but not limited to the crypto ecosystem, blockchain
applications, and the latest market developments.

This article is only a snapshot of the full report, which contains further
analyses of the most important market charts from the past month. It also
dives deeper into recent developments surrounding the Runes protocol, liquid
restaking, stablecoin supply, and the TON ecosystem.

[__Read the full version of this Binance Research report
here__](https://www.binance.com/en/research/analysis/monthly-market-
insights-2024-05)

##  Further Reading

  * [ _Binance Research: Key Trends in Crypto – April 2024_](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/ecosystem/binance-research-key-trends-in-crypto--april-2024-8144137577075986599)

  * [ _Binance Research: Top Crypto Trends to Follow in 2024_](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/ecosystem/binance-research-top-crypto-trends-to-follow-in-2024-6158465596294182392)

  * [ _Binance Research: Key Trends in Crypto – March 2024_](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/ecosystem/binance-research-key-trends-in-crypto--march-2024-7650111325603015943)

 _**Disclaimer:**__This material is prepared by Binance Research and is not
intended to be relied upon as a forecast or investment advice and is not a
recommendation, offer, or solicitation to buy or sell any securities or
cryptocurrencies or to adopt any investment strategy. The use of terminology
and the views expressed are intended to promote understanding and the
responsible development of the sector and should not be interpreted as
definitive legal views or those of Binance. The opinions expressed are as of
the date shown above and are the opinions of the writer; they may change as
subsequent conditions vary. The information and opinions contained in this
material are derived from proprietary and non-proprietary sources deemed by
Binance Research to be reliable, are not necessarily all-inclusive, and are
not guaranteed as to accuracy. As such, no warranty of accuracy or reliability
is given, and no responsibility arising in any other way for errors and
omissions (including responsibility to any person by reason of negligence) is
accepted by Binance. This material may contain ‘forward-looking’ information
that is not purely historical in nature. Such information may include, among
other things, projections and forecasts. There is no guarantee that any
forecasts made will come to pass. Reliance upon information in this material
is at the sole discretion of the reader. This material is intended for
information purposes only and does not constitute investment advice or an
offer or solicitation to purchase or sell in any securities, cryptocurrencies,
or any investment strategy, nor shall any securities or cryptocurrency be
offered or sold to any person in any jurisdiction in which an offer,
solicitation, purchase, or sale would be unlawful under the laws of such
jurisdiction. Investment involves risks._

194,854,340 users chose us. Find out why today.

Register Now

106

###### Share Post

Article Outlines

Binance Research: Key Trends in Crypto – May 2024

Main Takeaways

Crypto Market Performance in April 2024

Upcoming Events

Binance Research

Further Reading

194,854,340 users chose us. Find out why today.

Register Now

### Community

[](https://discord.gg/jE4wt8g2H2)[](https://www.binance.com/en/community)[](https://www.tiktok.com/@binance?lang=en)[](https://www.facebook.com/binance)[](https://twitter.com/binance)[](https://www.reddit.com/r/binance)[](https://www.instagram.com/Binance/)[](https://coinmarketcap.com/exchanges/binance/)[](https://www.youtube.com/binanceyoutube)[](https://www.binance.com/en/community)

English

English

العربية

العربية (البحرين)

български

Čeština

Dansk

Deutsch (Schweiz)

Ελληνικά

English (UAE)

English (Australia)

English (Bahrain)

English (India)

English (Japan)

English (Kazakhstan)

English (Nigeria)

English (New Zealand)

English (South Africa)

Español (España)

Español (Argentina)

Español (Latinoamérica)

Español (México)

Français

Français (Afrique)

magyar nyelv

Bahasa Indonesia

Italiano

日本語

Қазақша (Қазақстан)

Қазақша

ລາວ

latviešu valoda

Polski

Português

Português (Brasil)

Română

Русский

Русский (Казахстан)

Русский (Украина)

සිංහල

Slovenčina

Slovenščina

Svenska

Türkçe

Українська

Tiếng Việt

简体中文

繁體中文

USD-$

USD-$

AED-د.إ

ARS-ARS$

AUD-A$

BDT-৳

BGN-лв

BHD-.د.ب

BOB-$b

BRL-R$

CAD-C$

CHF-CHF

CNY-¥

COP-COL$

CZK-Kč

DKK-KR

EGP-E£

EUR-€

GBP-£

HKD-HKD

HRK-kn

HUF-Ft

IDR-Rp

INR-₹

JPY-¥

KES-KSh

KWD-ك.د

KZT-₸

MAD-م.د.

MNT-₮

MXN-Mex$

NZD-NZ$

OMR-ر.ع.

PEN-S/.

PHP-₱

PKR-₨

PLN-zł

QAR-ر.ق

RON-lei

RUB-₽

SAR-ر.س

SEK-kr

THB-฿

TRY-₺

TWD-NT$

UAH-₴

UGX-USh

VES-Bs

VND-₫

ZAR-R

Theme

English

USD

Theme

### About Us

  * [About](https://www.binance.com/en/about)
  * [Careers](https://www.binance.com/en/careers)
  * [Announcements](https://www.binance.com/en/support/announcement)
  * [News](https://www.binance.com/en/square/news/all)
  * [Press](https://www.binance.com/en/press)
  * [Legal](https://www.binance.com/en/legal/home)
  * [Terms](https://www.binance.com/en/terms)
  * [Privacy](https://www.binance.com/en/about-legal/privacy-portal)
  * [Building Trust](https://www.binance.com/en/land/building_trust)
  * [Blog](https://www.binance.com/en/blog)
  * [Community](https://www.binance.com/en/community)
  * [Sitemap](https://www.binance.com/en/country-region-selector)
  * [Risk Warning](https://www.binance.com/en/risk-warning)
  * [Notices](https://www.binance.com/en/support/list/notices)
  * [Downloads](https://www.binance.com/en/download)
  * [Desktop Application](https://www.binance.com/en/desktop-download)

### Products

  * [Exchange](https://www.binance.com/en/trade)
  * [Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/buy-sell-crypto)
  * [Leveraged Tokens](https://www.binance.com/en/leveraged-tokens/tokens/allTokens)
  * [TradingView](https://www.binance.com/en/land/tradingview)
  * [Pay](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/payment)
  * [Academy](https://academy.binance.com/en)
  * [Live](https://www.binance.com/en/live)
  * [Tax](https://www.binance.com/en/tax)
  * [Gift Card](https://www.binance.com/en/gift-card)
  * [Launchpad & Launchpool](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)
  * [Auto-Invest](https://www.binance.com/en/auto-invest)
  * [ETH Staking](https://www.binance.com/en/eth2)
  * [NFT](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/home)
  * [BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/bnb)
  * [BABT](https://www.binance.com/en/BABT?source=footer)
  * [Research](https://www.binance.com/en/research)
  * [Charity](https://www.binance.charity)

### Business

  * [P2P Merchant Application](https://c2c.binance.com/en/merchantApplication)
  * [P2Pro Merchant Application](https://p2p.binance.com/en/p2pro)
  * [Listing Application](https://www.binance.com/en/my/coin-apply)
  * [Institutional & VIP Services](https://www.binance.com/en/vip-institutional-services)
  * [Labs](https://labs.binance.com/)

### Learn

  * [Learn & Earn](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn)
  * [Browse Crypto Prices](https://www.binance.com/en/price)
  * [Bitcoin Price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/bitcoin)
  * [Ethereum Price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/ethereum)
  * [Browse Crypto Price Predictions](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction)
  * [Bitcoin Price Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction/bitcoin)
  * [Ethereum Price Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction/ethereum)
  * [Buy Bitcoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bitcoin)
  * [Buy BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bnb)
  * [Buy Ripple](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/xrp)
  * [Buy Dogecoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/dogecoin)
  * [Buy Ethereum](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/ethereum)
  * [Buy Tradable Altcoins](https://www.binance.com/en/altcoins/tradable)

### Service

  * [Affiliate](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/affiliate)
  * [Referral](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/referral?utm_source=Lite_web_footer)
  * [OTC Trading](https://www.binance.com/en/otc)
  * [Historical Market Data](https://www.binance.com/en/landing/data)
  * [Proof of Reserves](https://www.binance.com/en/proof-of-reserves)

### Support

  * [24/7 Chat Support](https://www.binance.com/en/chat?sourceEntry=4)
  * [Support Center](https://www.binance.com/en/support)
  * [Product Feedback & Suggestions](https://www.binance.com/en/my/user-support/feedback/entry)
  * [Fees](https://www.binance.com/en/fee/schedule)
  * [APIs](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-api)
  * [Binance Verify](https://www.binance.com/en/official-verification)
  * [Trading Rules](https://www.binance.com/en/trade-rule)
  * [Binance Airdrop Portal](https://www.binance.com/en/airdrop)
  * [Law Enforcement Requests](https://www.binance.com/en/support/law-enforcement)

Binance© 2024Cookie Preferences

![Company Logo](https://cdn.cookielaw.org/logos/99f99939-5a0d-4feb-
aef3-ba45f16b6907/5bfb9945-c83c-46f9-8bd7-55e8fd1975b5/02e50907-93f6-477d-a8a2-d581dace49c2/binance-h.png)

## Privacy Preference Center

When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your
browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you,
your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as
you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but
it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your
right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on
the different category headings to find out more and change our default
settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience
of the site and the services we are able to offer.  
[Cookie Policy](https://www.binance.com/en/cookie-privacy)

Allow All

###  Manage Consent Preferences

#### Strictly Necessary Cookies

Always Active

These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched
off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by
you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy
preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block
or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then
work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.

Cookies Details‎

#### Functional Cookies

Functional Cookies

These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and
personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose
services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then
some or all of these services may not function properly.

Cookies Details‎

#### Targeting Cookies

Targeting Cookies

Targeting cookies may be set through our site by ourselves and our advertising
partners. First parties and third parties will use them to build a profile of
your interests based on the browsing information they collect from you, which
includes uniquely identifying your browser and terminal equipment. If you do
not allow these cookies you will still see basic advertising on your browser
that is generic and not based on your interests

Cookies Details‎

#### Performance Cookies

Performance Cookies

These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure
and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are
the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All
information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If
you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our
site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.

Cookies Details‎

Back Button

### Cookie List

Search Icon

Filter Icon

Clear

checkbox label label

Apply Cancel

Consent Leg.Interest

checkbox label label

checkbox label label

checkbox label label

Reject All Confirm My Choices

[![Powered by
Onetrust](https://cdn.cookielaw.org/logos/static/powered_by_logo.svg)](https://www.onetrust.com/products/cookie-
consent/)

