  * **Wallet**[**Mobile App** The world of Web3 in your pocket](/download)[**Browser Extension** An optimized Web3 experience for desktop](/browser-extension)
  * **Features**[**Swaps** Swap securely and seamlessly](/swap)[**Staking** Earn crypto rewards while securing networks](/staking)[**NFTs** Explore the world of NFTs](/nft)[**Security** Learn how we keep your assets & Web3 journey safe](/security)[**Buy Crypto** Buy crypto in under five minutes](/buy-crypto)[**SWIFT: Smart Contract Wallet** Explore Web3 easily with account abstraction features](/swift)
  * **Build**[**Developer Docs** Get guides for building powerful Web3 applications](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/)[**Wallet Core** Open-source, mobile-focused crypto wallet library](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/wallet-core)[**Submit dApp** Get your dApp in front of millions](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-dapps)[**Get assets listed** Elevate your asset’s exposure](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-assets)
  * **Support**[**FAQ** Get answers to your most pressing questions](https://community.trustwallet.com/c/helpcenter/8)[**Community Forum** Connect with our vibrant and diverse community](https://community.trustwallet.com/)[**Contact Us** Reach out for personalized support](https://support.trustwallet.com/en/support/home)
  * **About**[**About Us** Discover who we are and what drives us](/about-us)[**Careers** Join us in shaping the future of Web3](/careers)[**Press Kit** Download our official logo and other media assets](/press)[**Blog** Stay up-to-date on Web3 trends and insights](/blog)[**Terms of Service** What you need to know to use our services](/terms-of-service)[**Privacy Policy** Your privacy matters, learn how we protect it](/privacy-policy)

DarkLightLanguage

[Download Trust Wallet](/download)

[](/)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.4edbb099.svg)[**Mobile App** The world
of Web3 in your pocket](/download)[**Browser Extension** An optimized Web3
experience for desktop](/browser-extension)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.e7c57d68.svg)[**Swaps** Swap securely
and seamlessly](/swap)[**Staking** Earn crypto rewards while securing
networks](/staking)[**NFTs** Explore the world of NFTs](/nft)[**Security**
Learn how we keep your assets & Web3 journey safe](/security)[**Buy Crypto**
Buy crypto in under five minutes](/buy-crypto)[**SWIFT: Smart Contract
Wallet** Explore Web3 easily with account abstraction features](/swift)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.b373ab3f.svg)[**Developer Docs** Get
guides for building powerful Web3
applications](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/)[**Wallet Core**
Open-source, mobile-focused crypto wallet
library](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/wallet-core)[**Submit
dApp** Get your dApp in front of
millions](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-dapps)[**Get
assets listed** Elevate your asset’s
exposure](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-assets)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.1211abf0.svg)[**FAQ** Get answers to
your most pressing
questions](https://community.trustwallet.com/c/helpcenter/8)[**Community
Forum** Connect with our vibrant and diverse
community](https://community.trustwallet.com/)[**Contact Us** Reach out for
personalized support](https://support.trustwallet.com/en/support/home)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.9a6dd06f.svg)[**About Us** Discover who
we are and what drives us](/about-us)[**Careers** Join us in shaping the
future of Web3](/careers)[**Press Kit** Download our official logo and other
media assets](/press)[**Blog** Stay up-to-date on Web3 trends and
insights](/blog)[**Terms of Service** What you need to know to use our
services](/terms-of-service)[**Privacy Policy** Your privacy matters, learn
how we protect it](/privacy-policy)

[](/)

WalletFeaturesBuildSupportAbout

Language

[Download](/download)

[Home](/)  >  [Blog](/blog)  >
[Cryptocurrency](/blog?category=Cryptocurrency)  >  [When Is the Bitcoin
Halving?](/blog/when-is-the-bitcoin-halving)

##### Cryptocurrency

# When Is the Bitcoin Halving?

Published on: Apr 10, 2024

##### Share post

[](https://facebook.com/trustwalletapp)[](https://github.com/trustwallet)[](https://instagram.com/trustwallet)[](https://twitter.com/trustwallet)[](https://discord.gg/trustwallet)[](https://reddit.com/r/trustapp)[](https://t.me/trustwallet)

  * **What is the Bitcoin Halving**
  * **Why Bitcoin Halvings Happen and Why You Should Care**
  * **What to Expect: Bitcoin Halving April 2024**

##### In Brief

Explore the Bitcoin Halving 2024: its impact on mining, price speculation, and
the future of crypto. Dive into why this event is pivotal.

![When Is the Bitcoin Halving?](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fwhen_is_bitcoin_halving_c2ee061c50.png&w=3840&q=75)

The Bitcoin halving in 2024 is **expected to fall on or around April 19th**.
We’ve covered Bitcoin and the halving extensively on the Trust Wallet blog,
but with this historic date fast approaching, we’ll have a look at the
different aspects and highlight a number of articles you can use to learn
about the halving and Bitcoin.

Below we’ll summarize the different resources on the halving and on Bitcoin so
you can truly understand how big of an event this is in the crypto and Web3
space. But before we start, remember that you can manage, as well as sell and
[buy Bitcoin](https://trustwallet.com/buy-crypto/bitcoin) (BTC) via our
trusted partners, right inside the Trust Wallet app—which is a secure [crypto
wallet](https://trustwallet.com/blog/crypto-wallet) that supports 10M+ assets
across 100+ blockchains.

[![Download-Trust-Wallet-Button.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2FDownload_Trust_Wallet_Button_3b2b015a21.png&w=3840&q=75)](https://short.trustwallet.com/TW-
blog)

## What is the Bitcoin Halving

The [Bitcoin](https://trustwallet.com/bitcoin-wallet) halving is an important
event in the cryptocurrency world that occurs roughly every four years and is
integrated into Bitcoin's programming. This event reduces the number of new
Bitcoins generated with each mined block by half, effectively slowing the
introduction of new coins into circulation and managing Bitcoin's inflation
rate. The principle behind this mechanism is to create scarcity, which,
according to historical patterns, tends to increase the price of Bitcoin due
to the principles of supply and demand. With a total cap of 21 million coins,
this deflationary approach aims to make Bitcoin more scarce over time, similar
to traditional scarce commodities like gold.

![when-is-bitcoin-halving-2.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fwhen_is_bitcoin_halving_2_d4f27619a7.png&w=3840&q=75)

The next Bitcoin halving is anticipated around mid-April 2024, although the
exact date is not fixed, depending on the mining of blocks rather than a
specific calendar date. Past halvings, occurring in 2012, 2016, and 2020, have
each led to a decrease in the reward for mining a block, contributing to the
gradual decrease in the rate at which new Bitcoins are created. This scarcity
mechanism has historically led to an increase in Bitcoin's price following
halving events. While the Bitcoin halving is expected to influence the price
by creating scarcity, the exact impact on the market remains uncertain due to
the complexity of market dynamics and other influencing factors.

[Learn more about: What is the Bitcoin
halving](https://trustwallet.com/blog/what-is-the-bitcoin-
halving#:~:text=A%20Bitcoin%20halving%20occurs%20approximately,mined%20around%20the%20year%202140.)

## Why Bitcoin Halvings Happen and Why You Should Care

Bitcoin halving is a critical event embedded in the cryptocurrency's monetary
policy, designed to affect scarcity, inflation control, and the market. This
process directly impacts Bitcoin's supply and demand dynamics, economic
implications, and its ability to act as an inflation-resistant currency. By
reducing the reward for mining Bitcoin transactions by half approximately
every four years, the halving mechanism ensures that the number of Bitcoins
introduced into the market decreases over time. This controlled supply, capped
at 21 million coins, adheres to the economic principle that scarcity can lead
to an increase in value if demand remains steady or grows. The inception of
Bitcoin, marked by Satoshi Nakamoto mining the first block with a reference to
bank bailouts, highlights its foundational aim to provide an alternative to
traditional, government-controlled currencies. With an inflation rate of about
1.74% that is expected to decrease over time, Bitcoin's design aims to
counteract the effects of excessive money printing and inflation manipulation
seen in fiat currencies. Through these halving events, Bitcoin strengthens its
position as a disinflationary, eventually deflationary currency, potentially
making it more resistant to inflation and offering a form of financial
sovereignty back to its users.

[Learn more about: Why Bitcoin halvings
happen](https://trustwallet.com/blog/bitcoin-halving-why-they-happen-and-why-
you-should-care)

## What to Expect: Bitcoin Halving April 2024

The April 2024 Bitcoin halving is an eagerly awaited event, set to reduce
mining rewards to 3.125 BTC and emphasizing the scarcity that bolsters
Bitcoin's value. This halving will significantly impact Bitcoin miners by
slashing their rewards, prompting a need for more efficient operations and
potentially leading to a temporary reduction in mining activity. The
advantages will likely skew towards those with access to cost-effective
electricity and advanced mining hardware, raising concerns about increased
centralization in the mining industry.

![when-is-bitcoin-halving-1.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fwhen_is_bitcoin_halving_1_b84edd87fb.png&w=3840&q=75)

Market expectations and speculation about the halving's impact on Bitcoin's
price are high, with historical patterns indicating potential price increases
leading up to the event. Nonetheless, the crypto market's volatility and the
influence of external factors such as regulatory changes and global economic
trends make the outcomes unpredictable. In the long term, the halving is
anticipated to underline Bitcoin's scarcity and could, if demand persists or
grows, place upward pressure on its price. The necessity for mining efficiency
could also spur advancements in technology and the use of renewable energy,
aligning with broader interests in environmental sustainability. The 2024
halving is poised to mark a significant milestone for Bitcoin, affecting not
just the miners and investors but also potentially driving wider adoption and
contributing to the cryptocurrency's market maturity.

[Learn more about: What to expend with the Bitcoin
halving](https://trustwallet.com/blog/bitcoin-halving-april-2024)

### Closing Thoughts

The conversation around the halving transcends technical details, touching
upon the foundational principles of scarcity, economic autonomy, and the
future of digital assets. As we delve into the resources provided, it's clear
that understanding the halving is crucial for anyone looking to navigate the
evolving landscape of crypto and [Web3](https://trustwallet.com/). Whether
you're managing your assets through Trust Wallet or engaging in the broader
discourse on cryptocurrency's impact, the April 2024 halving presents an
opportunity to witness, and participate in, a pivotal moment in the ongoing
evolution of Bitcoin and the digital economy at large.

[![Download-Trust-Wallet-Button.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2FDownload_Trust_Wallet_Button_3b2b015a21.png&w=3840&q=75)](https://short.trustwallet.com/TW-
blog)

Join the Trust Wallet community on [Telegram](https://rebrand.ly/TW-Telegram-
Announcements) Follow us on [X (formerly Twitter)](https://rebrand.ly/TW-
Twitter-Blog) [Instagram](https://rebrand.ly/TW-Insta-Blog)
[Facebook](https://rebrand.ly/TW-FB-Blog) [Reddit](https://rebrand.ly/TW-
Reddit-Blog) [Warpcast](https://warpcast.com/trustwalletapp)

> **Note:** Any cited numbers, figures, or illustrations are reported at the
> time of writing, and are subject to change.

#### Simple and convenient to use, seamless to explore

[Download Trust Wallet](/download)

##### Stay Connected:

[](https://facebook.com/trustwalletapp)[](https://github.com/trustwallet)[](https://instagram.com/trustwallet)[](https://twitter.com/trustwallet)[](https://discord.gg/trustwallet)[](https://reddit.com/r/trustapp)[](https://t.me/trustwallet)

  * **Wallet**[Mobile App](/download)[Browser Extension](/browser-extension)
  * **Features**[Buy Crypto](/buy-crypto)[Swaps](/swap)[Staking](/staking)[NFTs](/nft)[Security](/security)[SWIFT: Smart Contract Wallet](/swift)
  * **Build**[Developer Docs](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/)[Wallet Core](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/wallet-core)[Submit dApp](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-dapps)[Get assets listed](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-assets)
  * **Support**[FAQ](https://community.trustwallet.com/c/helpcenter/8)[Community Forum](https://community.trustwallet.com/)[Contact Us](https://support.trustwallet.com/en/support/home)
  * **About**[About Us](/about-us)[Careers](/careers)[Press Kit](/press)[Terms of Service](/terms-of-service)[Privacy Policy](/privacy-policy)[Blog](/blog)
  * ![A-LIGN ISO 27701](/_next/static/media/image.8354ab2c.svg)![A-LIGN ISO 27001](/_next/static/media/image.7f0b3bc9.svg)

**Download Trust Wallet**

The most trusted & secure crypto wallet.

[Download for iOS](https://apps.apple.com/app/apple-
store/id1288339409?mt=8)[Download
Extension![Chrome](/_next/static/media/raw.7dd85797.svg)](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/trust-
wallet/egjidjbpglichdcondbcbdnbeeppgdph)[Download APK](/download/apk)[Download
for Android![App
Store](/_next/image?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Fimage.5ee64b2e.png&w=256&q=75)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.wallet.crypto.trustapp)

