[](https://www.binance.com/en)

[Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/crypto/buy)

[Markets](https://www.binance.com/en/markets/overview)

Trade

Basic

  * [SpotBuy and sell on the Spot market with advanced tools](https://www.binance.com/en/trade/BTC_USDT?type=spot)
  * [MarginIncrease your profits with leverage](https://www.binance.com/en/trade?type=cross)
  * [P2PBuy & sell cryptocurrencies using bank transfer and 800+ options](https://p2p.binance.com/en)
  * [Convert & Block TradeThe easiest way to trade at all sizes](https://www.binance.com/en/convert)

Advanced

  * [Trading BotsTrade smarter with our various automated strategies - easy, fast and reliable](https://www.binance.com/en/trading-bots)
  * [Copy TradingFollow the most popular traders](https://www.binance.com/en/copy-trading)
  * [APIsUnlimited opportunities with one key](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-api)

[Futures](https://www.binance.com/en/futures/home)

  * [USDⓈ-M FuturesContracts settled in USDT and USDC](https://www.binance.com/en/futures)
  * [COIN-M FuturesContracts settled in cryptocurrency](https://www.binance.com/en/delivery)
  * [OptionsUSDT Options with limited downside and affordable entry](https://www.binance.com/en/eoptions)

[Earn](https://www.binance.com/en/earn)

[Square](https://www.binance.com/en/square)

  * [SquareStay informed with everything crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/square)
  * [Academy (Learn & Earn)Earn crypto by learning about blockchain](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn)
  * [BlogExpand your knowledge and get the latest insights](https://www.binance.com/en/blog)
  * [ResearchInstitutional-grade analysis, in-depth insights, and more](https://www.binance.com/en/research)

More

  * [VIP & InstitutionalYour trusted digital asset platform for VIPs and institutions](https://www.binance.com/en/vip-institutional-services)
  * [Launchpad & LaunchpoolDiscover and gain access to new token launches](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)
  * [MegadropLock your BNB and complete Web3 quests for boosted airdrop rewards](https://www.binance.com/en/megadrop)
  * [Mining PoolMine more rewards by connecting to the pool](https://pool.binance.com/en)
  * [PaySend, receive and spend crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/payment)
  * [LoansGet an instant loan secured by crypto assets](https://www.binance.com/en/loan)

  * [NFTExplore NFTs from creators worldwide](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/home)
  * [Fan TokenDiscover an all-new fandom and unlock unlimited fan experiences](https://www.binance.com/en/fan-token)
  * [Web3 WalletMeet the next-generation Web3 wallet](https://www.binance.com/en/web3wallet)
  * [BNB ChainThe most popular blockchain to build your own dApp](https://www.bnbchain.org)
  * [CharityBlockchain empowers charity to be more transparent, efficient, and traceable](https://www.binance.charity)

[Log
In](https://accounts.binance.com/en/login?loginChannel=blog&return_to=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYmluYW5jZS5jb20vZW4vYmxvZy9tYXJrZXRzL2dpdmUtYmFjay10by10aGUtd29ybGQtZmVlZGluZy1mYW1pbGllcy10aGlzLXJhbWFkYW4tODg1MjUyNTY4NjUxMjQ0MjIxMD9sYW5nPWVu)[Sign
Up](https://accounts.binance.com/en/register?registerChannel=blog&return_to=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYmluYW5jZS5jb20vZW4vYmxvZy9tYXJrZXRzL2dpdmUtYmFjay10by10aGUtd29ybGQtZmVlZGluZy1mYW1pbGllcy10aGlzLXJhbWFkYW4tODg1MjUyNTY4NjUxMjQ0MjIxMD9sYW5nPWVu)

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/images/common/logo.png)

Scan to Download App IOS & Android

[More Download
Options](https://www.binance.com/en/download?utm_source=&utm_campaign=)

##### [Binance Blog](/blog)

# Give Back to The World: Feeding Families This Ramadan

2024-03-15

## Main Takeaways

  * Binance launches ‘Give Back To The World’ on March 15, 2024, to provide food supplies to over 1,500 families across Egypt, Gaza, Morocco, and Pakistan this Ramadan.

  * Our Ramadan charity initiative, in partnership with recognised NGOs such as the Alkhidmat Foundation, aims to deliver targeted on-the-ground support to those in need.

  * Through this initiative, Binance aims to directly combat food insecurity and foster a culture of compassion as part of its wider Ramadan Calendar, which features daily activities from March 11-20, and includes $400,000 of rewards to be shared.

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20240314/59bdff0b-8876-4c3f-a600-37fdcf2d49c6.png)

Ramadan, the ninth month of the Islamic calendar, is a sacred time for Muslims
worldwide, observed through fasting, prayer, and reflection. Fasting, one of
the Five Pillars of Islam, is considered a time for spiritual reflection,
devotion, and self-discipline. However, the challenge of food insecurity can
exacerbate the difficulties faced by many families during this period,
transforming what should be a time of spiritual enrichment into one of
struggle.

Charity, a cornerstone of Islamic teachings, holds particular significance
during Ramadan. It’s a period when Muslims are encouraged to heighten their
awareness of those in need and to amplify their charitable deeds. And so on
March 15, 2024, Binance is proud to launch ‘Give Back To The World’, an
initiative that aims to deliver essential food supplies to over 1,500 families
in need across Egypt, Gaza, Morocco, and Pakistan. In doing so, we strive to
honor the essence of Ramadan — and its values of compassion, charity, and
communal support.

## Direct Support Through Food Distribution

Understanding the critical importance of directly assisting those in need,
Binance is committed to actionable, on-the-ground efforts this Ramadan. We’ve
partnered with key organizations within each targeted region to pinpoint
families most in need of support. Through these collaborations, with the likes
of the Alkhidmat Foundation — a non-political, non-governmental, and non-
profit organization that provides humanitarian and social welfare services to
communities across Pakistan — we ensure our aid reaches the right hands at the
right time.

To address essential nutritional needs during this holy month, we’re
distributing food boxes filled with nutritious, non-perishable items such as
rice, pasta, beans, and canned goods, all procured from local suppliers. This
initiative not only supports the community, but also provides families with
the means to prepare wholesome meals during Ramadan. Specifically for Gaza,
our food boxes will include ready-to-eat meals from Mitchell’s, Pakistan’s
oldest food company, ensuring those in challenging circumstances receive
immediate sustenance.

## Why Food Boxes?

Food insecurity remains a pressing issue in many parts of the world.

During Ramadan, the importance of food and sustenance takes on a new meaning,
as families come together to break their fasts. However, not every table is
laden with nourishment. By distributing these food boxes, we aim to bring hope
and sustenance to those in need.

Our mission transcends mere food distribution; it’s about nurturing a culture
of compassion and giving. By extending this support, we aim not just to
address immediate needs, but to inspire a wider movement of kindness and
mindfulness across communities during Ramadan.

## The Binance Ramadan Calendar: $400,000 of Rewards

‘Give Back To The World’ exists as Day 5 of our wider [_Ramadan
Calendar_](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/calendar/ramadan-2024) , a
dynamic and engaging series of activities running from March 11 to March 20.
This initiative — presented as an online calendar, and featuring a blend of
daily rewards, educational livestreams, and community activities — is designed
to surprise and unite. With more than $400,000 in rewards to be distributed,
we hope to inspire our community during this special time of giving.

### Three ‘Always On’ Activities

As well as the activities to be unlocked each day through March 11-20, our
Ramadan Calendar features a number of ‘Always On’ activities, offering
**free** and **daily** chances to win rewards.

The three activities running throughout the duration of our [_Ramadan
Calendar_](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/calendar/ramadan-2024) are:

  1. **Riddle Me This Ramadan:** Solve Ramadan-themed riddles on Telegram, engage with fellow community members, and share a $15,000 reward pool in FDUSD! More [_here_](https://www.binance.com/en/support/announcement/riddle-me-this-ramadan-share-community-rewards-worth-15-000-in-fdusd-0b074755b3ca4f5997658e0d3eeee785).

  2. **Red Packet Giveaway:** Claim your FREE Red Packet containing a [_crypto reward_](https://binance.onelink.me/y874/5dioq6ym?af_force_deeplink=true) from 0.01 to 3 FDUSD. Earn an extra Red Packet for each friend you successfully invite to take part!

  3. **Fawazir Social Media Contest:** Follow Binance on X to take part in four different Ramadan riddles. Solve them to qualify for rewards! Five winners per riddle will each receive 100 FDUSD. Don’t miss out! Read more [_here_](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/markets/fawazir-ramadan-solve-riddles-on-x-for-rewards-5800051197490022993).

## The Power of Community

Binance believes in the strength of community. Our initiative in Egypt, Gaza,
Morocco, and Pakistan isn’t just about delivering food boxes; it’s about
sending a message of solidarity and support. It’s a reminder that even in the
vast, digital world of crypto, human connection remains at our core. Here's
how you can be a part of this journey:

  * **Spread the Word:** Use your voice on social media to raise awareness about this initiative. The more people know, the more impactful our efforts can be.

  * **Engage with Our Activities:** Throughout the [_Ramadan Calendar_](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/calendar/ramadan-2024) , there are numerous ways to participate, including sharing rewards, interactive challenges, and more.

  * **Embrace the Spirit of Giving:** Ramadan is a perfect time to reflect on our blessings and give support to those in need. Every action, no matter how small, can make a difference.

This Ramadan, let’s unite to make a difference. Let’s spread hope, support
families in need, and showcase the incredible power of the Binance community.
Join us as we give back to the world, one food box at a time. Warmest wishes
for a blessed Ramadan to you, your loved ones, and communities around the
globe. Together, we can bring light to those in need.

## Further Reading

  * [ _The Binance Ramadan Calendar_](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/calendar/ramadan-2024)

  * [ _Fawazir Ramadan: Solve Riddles on X for Rewards!_](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/markets/fawazir-ramadan-solve-riddles-on-x-for-rewards-5800051197490022993)

  * [_**Binance’s 2024 Ramadan Calendar: A Journey of Discovery and Giving**_](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/markets/binances-2024-ramadan-calendar-a-journey-of-discovery-and-giving-4458577920864034961)

* * *

**Risk Disclaimer** : _Cryptocurrency prices are subject to high market risk
and price volatility. You should only invest in products that you are familiar
with and where you understand the associated risks. You should carefully
consider your investment experience, financial situation, investment
objectives and risk tolerance and consult an independent financial adviser
prior to making any investment. This material should not be construed as
financial advice. Past performance is not a reliable indicator of future
performance. The value of your investment can go down as well as up, and you
may not get back the amount you invested. You are solely responsible for your
investment decisions. Binance is not responsible for any losses you may incur.
For more information, please refer to our_[ __Terms of
Use__](https://www.binance.com/en/terms) _and_[ __Risk
Warning__](https://www.binance.com/en/risk-warning) _._

194,960,341 users chose us. Find out why today.

Register Now

Like this post

###### Share Post

Article Outlines

Give Back to The World: Feeding Families This Ramadan

Main Takeaways

Direct Support Through Food Distribution

Why Food Boxes?

The Binance Ramadan Calendar: $400,000 of Rewards

The Power of Community

Further Reading

194,960,341 users chose us. Find out why today.

Register Now

### Community

[](https://discord.gg/jE4wt8g2H2)[](https://www.binance.com/en/community)[](https://www.tiktok.com/@binance?lang=en)[](https://www.facebook.com/binance)[](https://twitter.com/binance)[](https://www.reddit.com/r/binance)[](https://www.instagram.com/Binance/)[](https://coinmarketcap.com/exchanges/binance/)[](https://www.youtube.com/binanceyoutube)[](https://www.binance.com/en/community)

USD-$

USD-$

AED-د.إ

ARS-ARS$

AUD-A$

BDT-৳

BGN-лв

BHD-.د.ب

BOB-$b

BRL-R$

CAD-C$

CHF-CHF

CNY-¥

COP-COL$

CZK-Kč

DKK-KR

EGP-E£

EUR-€

GBP-£

HKD-HKD

HRK-kn

HUF-Ft

IDR-Rp

INR-₹

JPY-¥

KES-KSh

KWD-ك.د

KZT-₸

MAD-م.د.

MNT-₮

MXN-Mex$

NZD-NZ$

OMR-ر.ع.

PEN-S/.

PHP-₱

PKR-₨

PLN-zł

QAR-ر.ق

RON-lei

RUB-₽

SAR-ر.س

SEK-kr

THB-฿

TRY-₺

TWD-NT$

UAH-₴

UGX-USh

VES-Bs

VND-₫

ZAR-R

Theme

USD

Theme

### About Us

  * [About](https://www.binance.com/en/about)
  * [Careers](https://www.binance.com/en/careers)
  * [Announcements](https://www.binance.com/en/support/announcement)
  * [News](https://www.binance.com/en/square/news/all)
  * [Press](https://www.binance.com/en/press)
  * [Legal](https://www.binance.com/en/legal/home)
  * [Terms](https://www.binance.com/en/terms)
  * [Privacy](https://www.binance.com/en/about-legal/privacy-portal)
  * [Building Trust](https://www.binance.com/en/land/building_trust)
  * [Blog](https://www.binance.com/en/blog)
  * [Community](https://www.binance.com/en/community)
  * [Sitemap](https://www.binance.com/en/country-region-selector)
  * [Risk Warning](https://www.binance.com/en/risk-warning)
  * [Notices](https://www.binance.com/en/support/list/notices)
  * [Downloads](https://www.binance.com/en/download)
  * [Desktop Application](https://www.binance.com/en/desktop-download)

### Products

  * [Exchange](https://www.binance.com/en/trade)
  * [Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/buy-sell-crypto)
  * [Leveraged Tokens](https://www.binance.com/en/leveraged-tokens/tokens/allTokens)
  * [TradingView](https://www.binance.com/en/land/tradingview)
  * [Pay](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/payment)
  * [Academy](https://academy.binance.com/en)
  * [Live](https://www.binance.com/en/live)
  * [Tax](https://www.binance.com/en/tax)
  * [Gift Card](https://www.binance.com/en/gift-card)
  * [Launchpad & Launchpool](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)
  * [Auto-Invest](https://www.binance.com/en/auto-invest)
  * [ETH Staking](https://www.binance.com/en/eth2)
  * [NFT](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/home)
  * [BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/bnb)
  * [BABT](https://www.binance.com/en/BABT?source=footer)
  * [Research](https://www.binance.com/en/research)
  * [Charity](https://www.binance.charity)

### Business

  * [P2P Merchant Application](https://c2c.binance.com/en/merchantApplication)
  * [P2Pro Merchant Application](https://p2p.binance.com/en/p2pro)
  * [Listing Application](https://www.binance.com/en/my/coin-apply)
  * [Institutional & VIP Services](https://www.binance.com/en/vip-institutional-services)
  * [Labs](https://labs.binance.com/)

### Learn

  * [Learn & Earn](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn)
  * [Browse Crypto Prices](https://www.binance.com/en/price)
  * [Bitcoin Price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/bitcoin)
  * [Ethereum Price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/ethereum)
  * [Browse Crypto Price Predictions](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction)
  * [Bitcoin Price Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction/bitcoin)
  * [Ethereum Price Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction/ethereum)
  * [Buy Bitcoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bitcoin)
  * [Buy BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bnb)
  * [Buy Ripple](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/xrp)
  * [Buy Dogecoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/dogecoin)
  * [Buy Ethereum](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/ethereum)
  * [Buy Tradable Altcoins](https://www.binance.com/en/altcoins/tradable)

### Service

  * [Affiliate](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/affiliate)
  * [Referral](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/referral?utm_source=Lite_web_footer)
  * [OTC Trading](https://www.binance.com/en/otc)
  * [Historical Market Data](https://www.binance.com/en/landing/data)
  * [Proof of Reserves](https://www.binance.com/en/proof-of-reserves)

### Support

  * [24/7 Chat Support](https://www.binance.com/en/chat?sourceEntry=4)
  * [Support Center](https://www.binance.com/en/support)
  * [Product Feedback & Suggestions](https://www.binance.com/en/my/user-support/feedback/entry)
  * [Fees](https://www.binance.com/en/fee/schedule)
  * [APIs](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-api)
  * [Binance Verify](https://www.binance.com/en/official-verification)
  * [Trading Rules](https://www.binance.com/en/trade-rule)
  * [Binance Airdrop Portal](https://www.binance.com/en/airdrop)
  * [Law Enforcement Requests](https://www.binance.com/en/support/law-enforcement)

Binance© 2024Cookie Preferences

