Metaco.com will be sunset as of June 7, 2024

[Learn more](https://ripple.com/solutions/digital-asset-custody/ "Learn more")

Skip to main content

[![Metaco](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/logo.svg?x88149)![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/logo-w.svg?x88149)](https://www.metaco.com)

  * Solutions __

__Solutions

Solutions

    * [__Global Custodians Build tomorrow's market infrastructure ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/global-custodians-top-tier-banks/)
    * [__Universal Banks Satisfy demand for new asset classes ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/universal-banks/)
    * [__Neobanks & FintechsFind new routes to monetization ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/neobanks-fintechs/)
    * [__Regulated Exchanges Grow volumes and profit margins ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/regulated-exchanges/)
    * [__Corporates Boost customer loyalty and engagement ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/corporates/)

  * Platform __

__Platform

Platform

Deploy ambitious digital asset use cases with the most secure and versatile
infrastructure.

    * [__Harmonize™ Platform Overview Issue, store, trade, transfer, settle and service any type of digital asset. ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/harmonize/)
    * [__Custody Hot, warm and institutional cold storage ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/custody/)
    * [__Trading Powerful order execution, funding and settlement ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/trading/)
    * [__Web3 Web3 Portal spanning NFTs, DeFi and DApps ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/web3/)
    * [__Governance Entirely customizable risk and compliance controls ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/governance/)
    * [__Orchestration A single source of truth for managing all digital assets ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/orchestration/)
    * [__Tokenization Asset-agnostic smart contract management framework ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/tokenization/)
    * [__Integration Fully integrable platform following enterprise standards ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/integration/)
    * [__Security Highest protection against insider and external threats ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/security/)

  * Company __

__Company

Company

    * [__About](https://www.metaco.com/company/about/)
    * [__Media & news](https://www.metaco.com/company/media-coverage-press-releases/)
    * [__Careers](https://www.metaco.com/careers/)

  * Resources __

__Resources

Resources

    * [__Talks](https://www.metaco.com/resources/talks/)
    * [__Webinars](https://www.metaco.com/resources/webinars/)
    * [__Case studies](https://www.metaco.com/resources/case-studies/)
    * [__Reports](https://www.metaco.com/resources/reports/)
    * [__Blog](https://www.metaco.com/resources/blog/)

[Contact](https://www.metaco.com/contact/ "Contact")

[Press release](https://www.metaco.com/category/press-release/)

# Announcing HSBC’s New Digital Assets Custody Service

  *  __ November 8, 2023
  *  __3 min

Read

Share

  * [ __](https://www.linkedin.com/sharing/share-offsite/?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.metaco.com%2Fpress-release%2Fhsbc-metaco-digital-asset-custody%2F)
  * [__](https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Metaco+https%3A%2F%2Fwww.metaco.com%2Fpress-release%2Fhsbc-metaco-digital-asset-custody%2F+via+%40metaco_sa)

![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/11/hsbc-and-metaco-at-
swelldubai-november-2023.jpeg.png?x88149)

Picture taken at Ripple Swell Dubai, November 8, 2023. From left to right:
Seamus Donoghue (Metaco); Monica Long (Ripple); Hashir Rahim (HSBC); Rajeev
Tummala (HSBC); Adrien Treccani (Metaco); Ussrah Hussain (HSBC)

#### – 08 November 2023 —

[HSBC](https://www.hsbc.com/) announced today that it plans to launch a new
digital assets custody service for institutional clients who invest in
tokenised securities.

Once live in 2024, HSBC’s new digital assets custody service will complement
HSBC Orion, the bank’s platform for issuing digital assets, as well as HSBC’s
recently launched offering for tokenised physical gold. Together, these form a
complete digital asset offering for HSBC’s institutional clients.

HSBC is working with Swiss enterprise tech firm, Metaco, to use its
institutional platform,
[Harmonize](https://www.metaco.com/platform/harmonize/), as part of HSBC’s new
custody service for digital assets. Metaco’s Harmonize solution helps unify
security and management of digital asset operations.

_The full press release is available for download at[the following link [opens
PDF in new page]](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/uploads/2023/11/231108_announcing-hsbc-digital-assets-custody-
service.pdf?x88149)_.

####

#### About HSBC

HSBC Holdings plc, the parent company of HSBC, is headquartered in London.
HSBC serves customers worldwide from offices in 62 countries and territories.
With assets of $3,021bn at 30 September 2023, HSBC is one of the world’s
largest banking and financial services organisations.

#### About Metaco

Founded in 2015 in Switzerland, Metaco is an enterprise technology company
whose mission is to enable financial and non-financial institutions to
securely build their digital asset operations. The company’s core product,
[Harmonize™](https://www.metaco.com/platform/harmonize/), is a mission-
critical orchestration platform for digital assets. From asset-agnostic
custody and trading to tokenization, staking and smart contract management,
the platform seamlessly connects institutions to the broad universe of
decentralized finance (DeFi) and decentralized applications (Web3 Dapps).
Metaco has established itself as the institutional standard for digital asset
infrastructure, trusted by the world’s largest global custodians, banks,
regulated exchanges, and corporates. Its software and technology solutions
enable institutions to store, trade, issue and manage any type of digital
asset — such as crypto and digital currencies, digital securities, and non-
fungible tokens (NFTs) – with the highest possible security and agility.
Metaco is part of Ripple, the leader in enterprise blockchain and crypto
solutions.





![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/footer.png?x88149)

## **Explore** more

  * ![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/12/metaco-pr-template-zodia.jpg?x88149)

[Press release](https://www.metaco.com/category/press-release/)

December 4, 2023### [Zodia Custody integrates on Metaco
network](https://www.metaco.com/press-release/zodia-custody-metaco-network/
"Zodia Custody integrates on Metaco network")

  * ![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/11/metaco-pr-template-square-bbva.png?x88149)

[Press release](https://www.metaco.com/category/press-release/)

November 21, 2023### [BBVA Switzerland expands partnership with
Metaco](https://www.metaco.com/press-release/bbva-switzerland-partnership-
institutional-harmonize/ "BBVA Switzerland expands partnership with Metaco")

  * ![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/06/gft-square-2.png?x88149)

[Press release](https://www.metaco.com/category/press-release/)

June 6, 2023### [GFT and Metaco partner for highly customizable, secure and
efficient institutional digital asset custody and tokenization
solutions](https://www.metaco.com/press-release/gft-metaco-institutional-
partnership/ "GFT and Metaco partner for highly customizable, secure and
efficient institutional digital asset custody and tokenization solutions")

[![Metaco](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/logo-w.svg?x88149)](https://www.metaco.com)

  * [Solutions](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/)
    * [Global Custodians](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/global-custodians-top-tier-banks/)
    * [Universal Banks](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/universal-banks/)
    * [Neobanks & Fintechs](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/neobanks-fintechs/)
    * [Regulated Exchanges](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/regulated-exchanges/)
    * [Corporates](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/corporates/)
  * [Platform](https://www.metaco.com/platform/)
    * [Harmonize™](https://www.metaco.com/platform/harmonize/)
    * [Custody](https://www.metaco.com/platform/custody/)
    * [Trading](https://www.metaco.com/platform/trading/)
    * [Web3](https://www.metaco.com/platform/web3/)
    * [Governance](https://www.metaco.com/platform/governance/)
    * [Orchestration](https://www.metaco.com/platform/orchestration/)
    * [Tokenization](https://www.metaco.com/platform/tokenization/)
    * [Integration](https://www.metaco.com/platform/integration/)
    * [Security](https://www.metaco.com/platform/security/)
  * [Company](https://www.metaco.com/company/media-coverage-press-releases/)
    * [About](https://www.metaco.com/company/about/)
    * [Media & news](https://www.metaco.com/company/media-coverage-press-releases/)
    * [Jobs](https://www.metaco.com/jobs/)
  * [Resources](https://www.metaco.com/resources/)
    * [Talks](https://www.metaco.com/resources/talks/)
    * [Webinars](https://www.metaco.com/resources/webinars/)
    * [Case studies](https://www.metaco.com/resources/case-studies/)
    * [Reports](https://www.metaco.com/resources/reports/)
    * [Blog](https://www.metaco.com/resources/blog/)

![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/10/sco2.png?x88149)![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/10/iso27001.png?x88149)

  * [__](https://www.twitter.com/metaco_sa "Twitter: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")
  * [__](https://www.linkedin.com/company/metaco-ag/ "Linkedin: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")
  * [__](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC4MLOKnJD9bXfHVXMnHM7ow "Youtube: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")
  * [__](https://open.spotify.com/show/0IiI7iftR3F3RqinfJbpRT "Spotify: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")

© 2015-2024 - Metaco SA - All Rights Reserved |[ Terms & Conditions](https://www.metaco.com/terms-conditions/) | [Privacy Policy](https://www.metaco.com/privacy-policy/) | [Cookie policy](https://www.metaco.com/cookie-policy/)

