  * **Wallet**[**Mobile App** The world of Web3 in your pocket](/download)[**Browser Extension** An optimized Web3 experience for desktop](/browser-extension)
  * **Features**[**Swaps** Swap securely and seamlessly](/swap)[**Staking** Earn crypto rewards while securing networks](/staking)[**NFTs** Explore the world of NFTs](/nft)[**Security** Learn how we keep your assets & Web3 journey safe](/security)[**Buy Crypto** Buy crypto in under five minutes](/buy-crypto)[**SWIFT: Smart Contract Wallet** Explore Web3 easily with account abstraction features](/swift)
  * **Build**[**Developer Docs** Get guides for building powerful Web3 applications](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/)[**Wallet Core** Open-source, mobile-focused crypto wallet library](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/wallet-core)[**Submit dApp** Get your dApp in front of millions](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-dapps)[**Get assets listed** Elevate your asset’s exposure](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-assets)
  * **Support**[**FAQ** Get answers to your most pressing questions](https://community.trustwallet.com/c/helpcenter/8)[**Community Forum** Connect with our vibrant and diverse community](https://community.trustwallet.com/)[**Contact Us** Reach out for personalized support](https://support.trustwallet.com/en/support/home)
  * **About**[**About Us** Discover who we are and what drives us](/about-us)[**Careers** Join us in shaping the future of Web3](/careers)[**Press Kit** Download our official logo and other media assets](/press)[**Blog** Stay up-to-date on Web3 trends and insights](/blog)[**Terms of Service** What you need to know to use our services](/terms-of-service)[**Privacy Policy** Your privacy matters, learn how we protect it](/privacy-policy)

DarkLightLanguage

[Download Trust Wallet](/download)

[](/)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.4edbb099.svg)[**Mobile App** The world
of Web3 in your pocket](/download)[**Browser Extension** An optimized Web3
experience for desktop](/browser-extension)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.e7c57d68.svg)[**Swaps** Swap securely
and seamlessly](/swap)[**Staking** Earn crypto rewards while securing
networks](/staking)[**NFTs** Explore the world of NFTs](/nft)[**Security**
Learn how we keep your assets & Web3 journey safe](/security)[**Buy Crypto**
Buy crypto in under five minutes](/buy-crypto)[**SWIFT: Smart Contract
Wallet** Explore Web3 easily with account abstraction features](/swift)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.b373ab3f.svg)[**Developer Docs** Get
guides for building powerful Web3
applications](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/)[**Wallet Core**
Open-source, mobile-focused crypto wallet
library](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/wallet-core)[**Submit
dApp** Get your dApp in front of
millions](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-dapps)[**Get
assets listed** Elevate your asset’s
exposure](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-assets)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.1211abf0.svg)[**FAQ** Get answers to
your most pressing
questions](https://community.trustwallet.com/c/helpcenter/8)[**Community
Forum** Connect with our vibrant and diverse
community](https://community.trustwallet.com/)[**Contact Us** Reach out for
personalized support](https://support.trustwallet.com/en/support/home)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.9a6dd06f.svg)[**About Us** Discover who
we are and what drives us](/about-us)[**Careers** Join us in shaping the
future of Web3](/careers)[**Press Kit** Download our official logo and other
media assets](/press)[**Blog** Stay up-to-date on Web3 trends and
insights](/blog)[**Terms of Service** What you need to know to use our
services](/terms-of-service)[**Privacy Policy** Your privacy matters, learn
how we protect it](/privacy-policy)

[](/)

WalletFeaturesBuildSupportAbout

Language

[Download](/download)

[Home](/)  >  [Blog](/blog)  >  [Guides](/blog?category=Guides)  >  [SUI
Wallet Comparison: Features, Costs, Functionality](/blog/sui-wallet-
comparison-features-costs-functionality)

##### Guides

# SUI Wallet Comparison: Features, Costs, Functionality

Published on: Feb 13, 2024

##### Share post

[](https://facebook.com/trustwalletapp)[](https://github.com/trustwallet)[](https://instagram.com/trustwallet)[](https://twitter.com/trustwallet)[](https://discord.gg/trustwallet)[](https://reddit.com/r/trustapp)[](https://t.me/trustwallet)

  * **Cost Comparison and Accessibility**
  * **Security and Backup/Recovery Options**
  * **Functionality**
  * **Comparison Summary**

##### In Brief

Compare top SUI wallets including Trust Wallet, Bitget, OKX, Suiet, and Ledger
for features, costs, security, and functionality in the Sui ecosystem.

![SUI Wallet Comparison: Features, Costs,
Functionality](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fsui_wallet_comparison_guide_12f54a6107.png&w=3840&q=75)

[Sui](https://trustwallet.com/blog/the-ultimate-beginners-guide-to-sui) is a
Layer-1 blockchain launched in May 2023 that aims to bring the ease of Web2 to
Web3. At the center of Sui’s ecosystem is SUI, the native token that powers
activities on the Sui blockchain, including paying gas fees for all
operations.

While anyone can own SUI tokens, you need a secure crypto wallet that supports
the [SUI token](https://trustwallet.com/sui-wallet) to interact with the Sui
ecosystem.

In addition to managing, sending, and receiving SUI tokens, your [SUI
wallet](https://trustwallet.com/sui-wallet) should have smart contract
capabilities to connect to GameFi platforms, DeFi protocols, and NFT
marketplaces built on the Sui blockchain.

To help you [choose a SUI wallet](https://trustwallet.com/sui-wallet), we’ll
compare our top five Sui-compatible crypto wallets: Trust Wallet, Bitget
Wallet, OKX Wallet, Suiet, and Ledger. Our comparison guide will focus on five
criteria: cost, platform accessibility, backup options, supported assets, and
in-app buying possibilities.

## Cost Comparison and Accessibility

Understanding cost implications and accessibility is crucial when choosing the
right crypto wallet. Here, we break down these two features for our five
picks.

### Trust Wallet

**Trust Wallet is a leading self-custody,[ multi-chain
wallet](https://trustwallet.com/sui-wallet) that supports 100+ blockchains,
including Sui.**

People don’t incur wallet fees when using Trust Wallet, although they must pay
gas fees when transacting on the app.

This [crypto wallet](https://trustwallet.com/blog/crypto-wallet) has more than
80M downloads thanks to its wide range of features, user-friendliness,
intuitive design, and availability on multiple devices and platforms. You can
download Trust Wallet as a mobile app for Android and iOS or as a browser
extension on various browsers, including Brave, Chrome, Edge, and Opera.

Moreover, you can connect your Trust Wallet to a hardware wallet like Ledger
for heightened storage security.

[![Download-Trust-Wallet-Button.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2FDownload_Trust_Wallet_Button_3b2b015a21.png&w=3840&q=75)](https://short.trustwallet.com/TW-
blog)

### Bitget Wallet

**Branding itself as the Web3 trading wallet of the future, Bitget Wallet
provides easy access to Web3 applications and marketplaces**. Formerly known
as BitKeep, Bitget Wallet is another crypto wallet you can consider for
exploring the Sui ecosystem.

Like Trust Wallet, Bitget Wallet doesn’t charge any in-wallet fees. Bitget
Wallet users only pay Sui blockchain transaction fees.

The Web3 wallet has a simple setup process and is available on iOS and
Android, as well as a browser extension on Chrome. You can also connect your
Bitget Wallet to a hardware wallet.

### OKX Wallet

**OKX Wallet is a crypto wallet created by the crypto exchange OKX to provide
a non-custodial wallet for its customer base**.

Like other Web3 wallets in this guide, OKX doesn’t charge people any in-wallet
fees.

The [OKX Wallet](https://trustwallet.com/blog/how-to-import-your-wallet-from-
okx-wallet-to-trust-wallet) is available on Android and iOS devices, MacOS and
Windows desktops, and as a browser extension for Chrome and Firefox. Like
Trust Wallet and Bitget Wallet, you can also connect your OKX Wallet to a
hardware wallet.

### Suiet

**The Suiet wallet is a self-custody crypto wallet exclusively designed for
the Sui ecosystem**. It has an intuitive interface that makes it easy to use
for both experienced and novice users.

Suiet wallet users don’t incur any in-wallet fees. Only Sui blockchain gas
fees have to be paid when transacting using the wallet.

It’s currently available as a browser extension on Chrome. However, mobile
support is on the company’s roadmap.

### Ledger

**Ledger is a market-leading, multi-asset hardware wallet, enabling people to
store a wide range of digital currencies and tokens in cold storage**.

There are three Ledger hardware wallets to choose from that you can also
directly purchase from the wallet provider’s website. These are the Ledger
Nano S Plus, Ledger Nano X, and Ledger Stax.

Their price ranges between €79.00 and €279.00. If you are a newbie interested
in a cold wallet, you can consider getting the Ledger Nano S, which retails at
€79.00 and stands out as the most affordable option.

## Security and Backup/Recovery Options

All the wallets featured in our guide have their own security and backup or
recovery options. Let’s dive into each wallet’s security features and recovery
options.

### Trust Wallet

Trust Wallet offers two recovery options: you can either use a 12-word seed
phrase or choose the encrypted cloud backup option.

The wallet also offers a more secure Web3 experience thanks to its Trust
Wallet Security Scanner, which offers multiple layers of protection. The
security scanner is a built-in security feature that protects your crypto
assets in real time by alerting you of any risky transactions.

### Bitget Wallet

The Bitget Wallet utilizes a 12-word secret phrase and an encrypted cloud
backup option regardless of what wallet option you choose to create.

Regarding security, the Bitget Wallet uses combined encryption of
sha256+aes256+cloud verification to provide users with the highest level of
encryption. This feature ensures that their private keys and mnemonics are
safely secured from any potential security attacks.

### OKX Wallet

Like Trust Wallet and Bitget Wallet, the [OKX
Wallet](https://trustwallet.com/blog/how-to-import-your-wallet-from-okx-
wallet-to-trust-wallet) utilizes a 12-word secret phrase and encrypted cloud
backup option. Additionally, it is also non-custodial, ensuring only you have
control over your assets. The wallet also comes with TouchID access for
enhanced security.

### Suiet

Suiet uses a 12-word secret phrase as a backup option. On matters of wallet
security, Suiet uses a non-custodial architecture and incorporates TouchID
integration to safeguard its users’ assets.

### Ledger

The Ledger wallet uses both a seed phrase and a 25th word. The 25th-word
option allows users to add an extra word to their 24-word seed phrase or an
optional ‘passphrase.’

The cold wallet also uses the Secure Element chip and exclusive OS to protect
your crypto assets from any security breach.

## Functionality

Finally, let’s take a look at each wallet’s functionalities.

### Trust Wallet

Trust Wallet supports over 10M digital assets across 100+ blockchains,
including SUI.

With Trust Wallet, you can access Sui-based dApps, DeFi apps, and NFT
marketplaces. You can also buy, receive, send, and stake your SUI tokens, a
testament to Trust Wallet’s diverse integration in the crypto market.

### Bitget Wallet

Bitget Wallet supports over 250,000 crypto assets across 90+ blockchains,
including SUI. You can also access dApps and DeFi platforms that you can use
to borrow, swap, or lend your digital assets.

Users can also swap their SUI token using the Bitget Wallet. However, this
option is only available if you create a Mnemonic Wallet, as the Multi-Party
Computation (MPC) Wallet currently doesn’t support the Sui network.

### OKX Wallet

The OKX Wallet supports the SUI token and over 350 tokens across 80+
blockchains. Using the OKX Wallet, users can securely manage their Sui assets.
You can also stake your SUI tokens via the Earn feature in the OKX Wallet.

### Suiet

The Suiet Wallet supports SUI and Sui-based assets, including NFTs. You can
use the wallet to securely store, send, and receive SUI tokens. Moreover, you
can also manage your NFTs within the app and explore Sui-based dApps within
the wallet.

### Ledger

The Ledger wallet supports over 5,500 digital assets, including SUI. In
addition to enabling users to securely store their digital assets offline,
Ledger also provides cold staking, allowing people to stake Proof-of-Stake-
based cryptocurrencies to [earn staking
rewards](https://trustwallet.com/staking).

## Comparison Summary

Below, we compare five well-known SUI wallets, including Trust Wallet.

![sui-wallet-comparison-guide-1.jpg](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fsui_wallet_comparison_guide_1_9d25ec3daf.jpg&w=3840&q=75)

### Conclusion

**Choosing a suitable Sui wallet all boils down to your personal preferences
and needs.**

For instance, do you prefer a wallet you can easily access on mobile, like
Trust Wallet, or would you rather have a physical hardware wallet, like
Ledger?

When looking for a [crypto wallet](https://trustwallet.com/blog/crypto-
wallet), consider the features that each wallet offers and ease of use. For
example, Trust Wallet is an excellent choice for both newbies and expert
crypto users. It’s easy to use, accessible on multiple platforms, and supports
millions of assets across hundreds of blockchains. Moreover, it has excellent
security features.

Besides the basic features, also factor in advanced features like dApp
integrations, [staking](https://trustwallet.com/staking),
[swapping](https://trustwallet.com/swap), and the wallet’s user interface
before settling for a crypto wallet. The most important feature, however,
remains security.

As the crypto and [Web3](https://trustwallet.com/) space is ever-evolving and
growing, we expect the [crypto wallet](https://trustwallet.com/blog/crypto-
wallet) landscape to advance and offer more multifaceted and user-friendly
features and interfaces.

**[Download Trust Wallet](https://trustwallet.com/download) today to manage,
stake, and swap your SUI tokens.**

[![Download-Trust-Wallet-Button.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2FDownload_Trust_Wallet_Button_3b2b015a21.png&w=3840&q=75)](https://short.trustwallet.com/TW-
blog)

Join the Trust Wallet community on [Telegram](https://rebrand.ly/TW-Telegram-
Announcements) Follow us on [X (formerly Twitter)](https://rebrand.ly/TW-
Twitter-Blog) [Instagram](https://rebrand.ly/TW-Insta-Blog)
[Facebook](https://rebrand.ly/TW-FB-Blog) [Reddit](https://rebrand.ly/TW-
Reddit-Blog)

> **Note:** Any cited numbers, figures, or illustrations are reported at the
> time of writing, and are subject to change.

#### Simple and convenient to use, seamless to explore

[Download Trust Wallet](/download)

##### Stay Connected:

[](https://facebook.com/trustwalletapp)[](https://github.com/trustwallet)[](https://instagram.com/trustwallet)[](https://twitter.com/trustwallet)[](https://discord.gg/trustwallet)[](https://reddit.com/r/trustapp)[](https://t.me/trustwallet)

  * **Wallet**[Mobile App](/download)[Browser Extension](/browser-extension)
  * **Features**[Buy Crypto](/buy-crypto)[Swaps](/swap)[Staking](/staking)[NFTs](/nft)[Security](/security)[SWIFT: Smart Contract Wallet](/swift)
  * **Build**[Developer Docs](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/)[Wallet Core](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/wallet-core)[Submit dApp](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-dapps)[Get assets listed](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-assets)
  * **Support**[FAQ](https://community.trustwallet.com/c/helpcenter/8)[Community Forum](https://community.trustwallet.com/)[Contact Us](https://support.trustwallet.com/en/support/home)
  * **About**[About Us](/about-us)[Careers](/careers)[Press Kit](/press)[Terms of Service](/terms-of-service)[Privacy Policy](/privacy-policy)[Blog](/blog)
  * ![A-LIGN ISO 27701](/_next/static/media/image.8354ab2c.svg)![A-LIGN ISO 27001](/_next/static/media/image.7f0b3bc9.svg)

**Download Trust Wallet**

The most trusted & secure crypto wallet.

[Download for iOS](https://apps.apple.com/app/apple-
store/id1288339409?mt=8)[Download
Extension![Chrome](/_next/static/media/raw.7dd85797.svg)](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/trust-
wallet/egjidjbpglichdcondbcbdnbeeppgdph)[Download APK](/download/apk)[Download
for Android![App
Store](/_next/image?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Fimage.5ee64b2e.png&w=256&q=75)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.wallet.crypto.trustapp)

