Skip to main content

[](/en/)

  * Learn
  * Use
  * Build
  * Participate
  * Research

Search```K`

Languages EN

Change page

[Overview](/en/developers/docs/)

Foundational topics

[Intro to Ethereum](/en/developers/docs/intro-to-ethereum/)

[Intro to Ether](/en/developers/docs/intro-to-ether/)

[Intro to dapps](/en/developers/docs/dapps/)

[Web2 vs Web3](/en/developers/docs/web2-vs-web3/)

[Accounts](/en/developers/docs/accounts/)

[Transactions](/en/developers/docs/transactions/)

[Blocks](/en/developers/docs/blocks/)

[Ethereum virtual machine (EVM)](/en/developers/docs/evm/)

[Opcodes](/en/developers/docs/evm/opcodes/)

[Gas](/en/developers/docs/gas/)

[Nodes and clients](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/)

[Run a node](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/run-a-node/)

[Client diversity](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/client-diversity/)

[Nodes as a service](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/nodes-as-a-
service/)

[Node architecture](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/node-architecture/)

[Light clients](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/light-clients/)

[Archive nodes](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/archive-nodes/)

[Bootnodes](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/bootnodes/)

[Networks](/en/developers/docs/networks/)

[Consensus mechanisms](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/)

[Proof-of-work](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pow/)

[Mining](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pow/mining/)

[Mining algorithms](/en/developers/docs/consensus-
mechanisms/pow/mining/mining-algorithms/)

[Dagger-Hashimoto](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pow/mining/mining-
algorithms/dagger-hashimoto/)

[Ethash](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pow/mining/mining-
algorithms/ethash/)

[Proof-of-stake](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/)

[Gasper](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/gasper/)

[Weak subjectivity](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/weak-
subjectivity/)

[Attestations](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/attestations/)

[PoS rewards and penalties](/en/developers/docs/consensus-
mechanisms/pos/rewards-and-penalties/)

[PoS attack and defense](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/attack-
and-defense/)

[Keys](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/keys/)

[Proof-of-stake versus proof-of-work](/en/developers/docs/consensus-
mechanisms/pos/pos-vs-pow/)

[Block proposal](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/block-proposal/)

[Proof-of-stake FAQs](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/faqs/)

[Proof-of-authority](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/poa/)

Ethereum stack

[Intro to the stack](/en/developers/docs/ethereum-stack/)

[Smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/)

[Smart contract languages](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/languages/)

[Smart contract anatomy](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/anatomy/)

[Smart contracts libraries](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/libraries/)

[Testing smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/testing/)

[Compiling smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/compiling/)

[Deploying smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/deploying/)

[Verifying smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/verifying/)

[Upgrading smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/upgrading/)

[Smart contract security](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/security/)

[Smart contract formal verification](/en/developers/docs/smart-
contracts/formal-verification/)

[Composability](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/composability/)

[Development networks](/en/developers/docs/development-networks/)

[Development frameworks](/en/developers/docs/frameworks/)

Ethereum client APIs

[JavaScript APIs](/en/developers/docs/apis/javascript/)

[Backend APIs](/en/developers/docs/apis/backend/)

[JSON-RPC](/en/developers/docs/apis/json-rpc/)

[Data and analytics](/en/developers/docs/data-and-analytics/)

[Block explorers](/en/developers/docs/data-and-analytics/block-explorers/)

[Storage](/en/developers/docs/storage/)

[Integrated Development Environments (IDEs)](/en/developers/docs/ides/)

[Programming languages](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/)

[Dart](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/dart/)

[Delphi](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/delphi/)

[.NET](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/dot-net/)

[Golang](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/golang/)

[Java](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/java/)

[JavaScript](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/javascript/)

[Python](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/python/)

[Ruby](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/ruby/)

[Rust](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/rust/)

Advanced

[Bridges](/en/developers/docs/bridges/)

[Standards](/en/developers/docs/standards/)

[Token standards](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/)

[ERC-20: Fungible Tokens](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/erc-20/)

[ERC-721: NFTs](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/erc-721/)

[ERC-777](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/erc-777/)

[ERC-1155](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/erc-1155/)

[ERC-4626](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/erc-4626/)

[Maximal extractable value (MEV)](/en/developers/docs/mev/)

[Oracles](/en/developers/docs/oracles/)

[Scaling](/en/developers/docs/scaling/)

[Optimistic rollups](/en/developers/docs/scaling/optimistic-rollups/)

[Zero-knowledge rollups](/en/developers/docs/scaling/zk-rollups/)

[State channels](/en/developers/docs/scaling/state-channels/)

[Sidechains](/en/developers/docs/scaling/sidechains/)

[Plasma](/en/developers/docs/scaling/plasma/)

[Validium](/en/developers/docs/scaling/validium/)

[Data availability](/en/developers/docs/data-availability/)

[Networking layer](/en/developers/docs/networking-layer/)

[Network addresses](/en/developers/docs/networking-layer/network-addresses/)

[Portal Network](/en/developers/docs/networking-layer/portal-network/)

[Data structures and encoding](/en/developers/docs/data-structures-and-
encoding/)

[Patricia Merkle Trie](/en/developers/docs/data-structures-and-
encoding/patricia-merkle-trie/)

[Recursive-length prefix (RLP)](/en/developers/docs/data-structures-and-
encoding/rlp/)

[Simple serialize (SSZ)](/en/developers/docs/data-structures-and-
encoding/ssz/)

[Web3 secret storage definition](/en/developers/docs/data-structures-and-
encoding/web3-secret-storage/)

Design fundamentals

[Intro to design and UX](/en/developers/docs/design-and-ux/)

# Transactions

c

Last edit: [@corwintines(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/corwintines),
January 9, 2024

See contributors

On this page

  * Prerequisites
  * What's a transaction?
    * The data field
  * Types of transactions
    * On gas
  * Transaction lifecycle
  * A visual demo
  * Typed Transaction Envelope
  * Further reading
  * Related topics

Transactions are cryptographically signed instructions from accounts. An
account will initiate a transaction to update the state of the Ethereum
network. The simplest transaction is transferring ETH from one account to
another.

## Prerequisites

To help you better understand this page, we recommend you first read
[Accounts](/en/developers/docs/accounts/) and our [introduction to
Ethereum](/en/developers/docs/intro-to-ethereum/).

## What's a transaction?

An Ethereum transaction refers to an action initiated by an externally-owned
account, in other words an account managed by a human, not a contract. For
example, if Bob sends Alice 1 ETH, Bob's account must be debited and Alice's
must be credited. This state-changing action takes place within a transaction.

[![Diagram showing a transaction cause state
change](/_next/image/?url=%2Fcontent%2Fdevelopers%2Fdocs%2Ftransactions%2Ftx.png&w=1920&q=75)](/content/developers/docs/transactions/tx.png)
_Diagram adapted from[Ethereum EVM illustrated(opens in a new
tab)](https://takenobu-hs.github.io/downloads/ethereum_evm_illustrated.pdf)_

Transactions, which change the state of the EVM, need to be broadcast to the
whole network. Any node can broadcast a request for a transaction to be
executed on the EVM; after this happens, a validator will execute the
transaction and propagate the resulting state change to the rest of the
network.

Transactions require a fee and must be included in a validated block. To make
this overview simpler we'll cover gas fees and validation elsewhere.

A submitted transaction includes the following information:

  * `from` – the address of the sender, that will be signing the transaction. This will be an externally-owned account as contract accounts cannot send transactions.
  * `to` – the receiving address (if an externally-owned account, the transaction will transfer value. If a contract account, the transaction will execute the contract code)
  * `signature` – the identifier of the sender. This is generated when the sender's private key signs the transaction and confirms the sender has authorized this transaction
  * `nonce` \- a sequentially incrementing counter which indicates the transaction number from the account
  * `value` – amount of ETH to transfer from sender to recipient (denominated in WEI, where 1ETH equals 1e+18wei)
  * `input data` – optional field to include arbitrary data
  * `gasLimit` – the maximum amount of gas units that can be consumed by the transaction. The [EVM](/en/developers/docs/evm/opcodes/) specifies the units of gas required by each computational step
  * `maxPriorityFeePerGas` \- the maximum price of the consumed gas to be included as a tip to the validator
  * `maxFeePerGas` \- the maximum fee per unit of gas willing to be paid for the transaction (inclusive of `baseFeePerGas` and `maxPriorityFeePerGas`)

Gas is a reference to the computation required to process the transaction by a
validator. Users have to pay a fee for this computation. The `gasLimit`, and
`maxPriorityFeePerGas` determine the maximum transaction fee paid to the
validator. [More on Gas](/en/developers/docs/gas/).

The transaction object will look a little like this:

    
    
    1{
    
    2  from: "0xEA674fdDe714fd979de3EdF0F56AA9716B898ec8",
    
    3  to: "0xac03bb73b6a9e108530aff4df5077c2b3d481e5a",
    
    4  gasLimit: "21000",
    
    5  maxFeePerGas: "300",
    
    6  maxPriorityFeePerGas: "10",
    
    7  nonce: "0",
    
    8  value: "10000000000"
    
    9}
    
    Show all
    
    ![📋](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f4cb.svg) Copy

But a transaction object needs to be signed using the sender's private key.
This proves that the transaction could only have come from the sender and was
not sent fraudulently.

An Ethereum client like Geth will handle this signing process.

Example [JSON-RPC](/en/developers/docs/apis/json-rpc/) call:

    
    
    1{
    
    2  "id": 2,
    
    3  "jsonrpc": "2.0",
    
    4  "method": "account_signTransaction",
    
    5  "params": [
    
    6    {
    
    7      "from": "0x1923f626bb8dc025849e00f99c25fe2b2f7fb0db",
    
    8      "gas": "0x55555",
    
    9      "maxFeePerGas": "0x1234",
    
    10      "maxPriorityFeePerGas": "0x1234",
    
    11      "input": "0xabcd",
    
    12      "nonce": "0x0",
    
    13      "to": "0x07a565b7ed7d7a678680a4c162885bedbb695fe0",
    
    14      "value": "0x1234"
    
    15    }
    
    16  ]
    
    17}
    
    Show all
    
    ![📋](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f4cb.svg) Copy

Example response:

    
    
    1{
    
    2  "jsonrpc": "2.0",
    
    3  "id": 2,
    
    4  "result": {
    
    5    "raw": "0xf88380018203339407a565b7ed7d7a678680a4c162885bedbb695fe080a44401a6e4000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000001226a0223a7c9bcf5531c99be5ea7082183816eb20cfe0bbc322e97cc5c7f71ab8b20ea02aadee6b34b45bb15bc42d9c09de4a6754e7000908da72d48cc7704971491663",
    
    6    "tx": {
    
    7      "nonce": "0x0",
    
    8      "maxFeePerGas": "0x1234",
    
    9      "maxPriorityFeePerGas": "0x1234",
    
    10      "gas": "0x55555",
    
    11      "to": "0x07a565b7ed7d7a678680a4c162885bedbb695fe0",
    
    12      "value": "0x1234",
    
    13      "input": "0xabcd",
    
    14      "v": "0x26",
    
    15      "r": "0x223a7c9bcf5531c99be5ea7082183816eb20cfe0bbc322e97cc5c7f71ab8b20e",
    
    16      "s": "0x2aadee6b34b45bb15bc42d9c09de4a6754e7000908da72d48cc7704971491663",
    
    17      "hash": "0xeba2df809e7a612a0a0d444ccfa5c839624bdc00dd29e3340d46df3870f8a30e"
    
    18    }
    
    19  }
    
    20}
    
    Show all
    
    ![📋](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f4cb.svg) Copy

  * the `raw` is the signed transaction in [Recursive Length Prefix (RLP)](/en/developers/docs/data-structures-and-encoding/rlp/) encoded form
  * the `tx` is the signed transaction in JSON form

With the signature hash, the transaction can be cryptographically proven that
it came from the sender and submitted to the network.

### The data field

The vast majority of transactions access a contract from an externally-owned
account. Most contracts are written in Solidity and interpret their data field
in accordance with the _application binary interface (ABI)_.

The first four bytes specify which function to call, using the hash of the
function's name and arguments. You can sometimes identify the function from
the selector using [this database(opens in a new
tab)](https://www.4byte.directory/signatures/).

The rest of the calldata is the arguments, [encoded as specified in the ABI
specs(opens in a new tab)](https://docs.soliditylang.org/en/latest/abi-
spec.html#formal-specification-of-the-encoding).

For example, lets look at [this transaction(opens in a new
tab)](https://etherscan.io/tx/0xd0dcbe007569fcfa1902dae0ab8b4e078efe42e231786312289b1eee5590f6a1).
Use **Click to see More** to see the calldata.

The function selector is `0xa9059cbb`. There are several [known functions with
this signature(opens in a new
tab)](https://www.4byte.directory/signatures/?bytes4_signature=0xa9059cbb). In
this case [the contract source code(opens in a new
tab)](https://etherscan.io/address/0xa0b86991c6218b36c1d19d4a2e9eb0ce3606eb48#code)
has been uploaded to Etherscan, so we know the function is
`transfer(address,uint256)`.

The rest of the data is:

    
    
    10000000000000000000000004f6742badb049791cd9a37ea913f2bac38d01279
    
    2000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000003b0559f4

According to the ABI specifications, integer values (such as addresses, which
are 20-byte integers) appear in the ABI as 32-byte words, padded with zeros in
the front. So we know that the `to` address is
[`4f6742badb049791cd9a37ea913f2bac38d01279`(opens in a new
tab)](https://etherscan.io/address/0x4f6742badb049791cd9a37ea913f2bac38d01279).
The `value` is 0x3b0559f4 = 990206452.

## Types of transactions

On Ethereum there are a few different types of transactions:

  * Regular transactions: a transaction from one account to another.
  * Contract deployment transactions: a transaction without a 'to' address, where the data field is used for the contract code.
  * Execution of a contract: a transaction that interacts with a deployed smart contract. In this case, 'to' address is the smart contract address.

### On gas

As mentioned, transactions cost [gas](/en/developers/docs/gas/) to execute.
Simple transfer transactions require 21000 units of Gas.

So for Bob to send Alice 1 ETH at a `baseFeePerGas` of 190 gwei and
`maxPriorityFeePerGas` of 10 gwei, Bob will need to pay the following fee:

    
    
    1(190 + 10) * 21000 = 4,200,000 gwei
    
    2--or--
    
    30.0042 ETH

Bob's account will be debited **-1.0042 ETH** (1 ETH for Alice + 0.0042 ETH in
gas fees)

Alice's account will be credited **+1.0 ETH**

The base fee will be burned **-0.00399 ETH**

Validator keeps the tip **+0.000210 ETH**

Gas is required for any smart contract interaction too.

[![Diagram showing how unused gas is
refunded](/_next/image/?url=%2Fcontent%2Fdevelopers%2Fdocs%2Ftransactions%2Fgas-
tx.png&w=1920&q=75)](/content/developers/docs/transactions/gas-tx.png)
_Diagram adapted from[Ethereum EVM illustrated(opens in a new
tab)](https://takenobu-hs.github.io/downloads/ethereum_evm_illustrated.pdf)_

Any gas not used in a transaction is refunded to the user account.

## Transaction lifecycle

Once the transaction has been submitted the following happens:

  1. A transaction hash is cryptographically generated: `0x97d99bc7729211111a21b12c933c949d4f31684f1d6954ff477d0477538ff017`
  2. The transaction is then broadcasted to the network and added to a transaction pool consisting of all other pending network transactions.
  3. A validator must pick your transaction and include it in a block in order to verify the transaction and consider it "successful".
  4. As time passes the block containing your transaction will be upgraded to "justified" then "finalized". These upgrades make it much more certain that your transaction was successful and will never be altered. Once a block is "finalized" it could only ever be changed by a network level attack that would cost many billions of dollars.

## A visual demo

Watch Austin walk you through transactions, gas, and mining.

## Typed Transaction Envelope

Ethereum originally had one format for transactions. Each transaction
contained a nonce, gas price, gas limit, to address, value, data, v, r, and s.
These fields are [RLP-encoded](/en/developers/docs/data-structures-and-
encoding/rlp/), to look something like this:

`RLP([nonce, gasPrice, gasLimit, to, value, data, v, r, s])`

Ethereum has evolved to support multiple types of transactions to allow for
new features such as access lists and [EIP-1559(opens in a new
tab)](https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-1559) to be implemented without
affecting legacy transaction formats.

[EIP-2718(opens in a new tab)](https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-2718) is
what allows for this behavior. Transactions are interpreted as:

`TransactionType || TransactionPayload`

Where the fields are defined as:

  * `TransactionType` \- a number between 0 and 0x7f, for a total of 128 possible transaction types.
  * `TransactionPayload` \- an arbitrary byte array defined by the transaction type.

## Further reading

  * [EIP-2718: Typed Transaction Envelope(opens in a new tab)](https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-2718)

_Know of a community resource that helped you? Edit this page and add it!_

## Related topics

  * [Accounts](/en/developers/docs/accounts/)
  * [Ethereum virtual machine (EVM)](/en/developers/docs/evm/)
  * [Gas](/en/developers/docs/gas/)

back-to-top ↑

### Was this article helpful?

YesNo

![👈](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f448.svg)

Previous

[Accounts](/en/developers/docs/accounts/)

![👉](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f449.svg)

Next

[Blocks](/en/developers/docs/blocks/)

  * [Edit page(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/ethereum/ethereum-org-website/tree/dev/public/content/developers/docs/transactions/index.md)
  * On this page

    * Prerequisites
    * What's a transaction?
      * The data field
    * Types of transactions
      * On gas
    * Transaction lifecycle
    * A visual demo
    * Typed Transaction Envelope
    * Further reading
    * Related topics

Website last updated: May 22, 2024

[(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/ethereum/ethereum-org-
website)[(opens in a new tab)](https://twitter.com/ethdotorg)[(opens in a new
tab)](https://discord.gg/ethereum-org)

### Learn

  * [Learn Hub](/en/learn/)
  * [What is Ethereum?](/en/what-is-ethereum/)
  * [What is ether (ETH)?](/en/eth/)
  * [Ethereum wallets](/en/wallets/)
  * [What is Web3?](/en/web3/)
  * [Smart contracts](/en/smart-contracts/)
  * [Gas fees](/en/gas/)
  * [Run a node](/en/run-a-node/)
  * [Ethereum security and scam prevention](/en/security/)
  * [Quiz Hub](/en/quizzes/)
  * [Ethereum glossary](/en/glossary/)

### Use

  * [Guides](/en/guides/)
  * [Choose your wallet](/en/wallets/find-wallet/)
  * [Get ETH](/en/get-eth/)
  * [Dapps - Decentralized applications](/en/dapps/)
  * [Stablecoins](/en/stablecoins/)
  * [NFTs - Non-fungible tokens](/en/nft/)
  * [DeFi - Decentralized finance](/en/defi/)
  * [DAOs - Decentralized autonomous organizations](/en/dao/)
  * [Decentralized identity](/en/decentralized-identity/)
  * [Stake ETH](/en/staking/)
  * [Layer 2](/en/layer-2/)

### Build

  * [Builder's home](/en/developers/)
  * [Tutorials](/en/developers/tutorials/)
  * [Documentation](/en/developers/docs/)
  * [Learn by coding](/en/developers/learning-tools/)
  * [Set up local environment](/en/developers/local-environment/)
  * [Grants](/en/community/grants/)
  * [Foundational topics](/en/developers/docs/intro-to-ethereum/)
  * [UX/UI design fundamentals](/en/developers/docs/design-and-ux/)
  * [Enterprise - Mainnet Ethereum](/en/enterprise/)
  * [Enterprise - Private Ethereum](/en/enterprise/private-ethereum/)

### Participate

  * [Community hub](/en/community/)
  * [Online communities](/en/community/online/)
  * [Ethereum events](/en/community/events/)
  * [Contributing to ethereum.org](/en/contributing/)
  * [Translation Program](/en/contributing/translation-program/)
  * [Ethereum bug bounty program](/en/bug-bounty/)
  * [Ethereum Foundation](/en/foundation/)
  * [Ethereum Foundation Blog(opens in a new tab)](https://blog.ethereum.org/)
  * [Ecosystem Support Program(opens in a new tab)](https://esp.ethereum.foundation)
  * [Devcon(opens in a new tab)](https://devcon.org/)

### Research

  * [Ethereum Whitepaper](/en/whitepaper/)
  * [Ethereum roadmap](/en/roadmap/)
  * [Improved security](/en/roadmap/security/)
  * [Technical history of Ethereum](/en/history/)
  * [Open research](/en/community/research/)
  * [Ethereum Improvement Proposals](/en/eips/)
  * [Ethereum governance](/en/governance/)

  * [About us](/en/about/)
  * [Ethereum brand assets](/en/assets/)
  * [Code of conduct](/en/community/code-of-conduct/)
  * [Jobs](/en/about/#open-jobs)
  * [Privacy policy](/en/privacy-policy/)
  * [Terms of use](/en/terms-of-use/)
  * [Cookie policy](/en/cookie-policy/)
  * [Press Contact(opens in a new tab)](mailto:press@ethereum.org)

Is this page helpful?

### Application Binary Interface (ABI)

A JSON file that defines the functions and variables included in a smart
contract. The ABI allows bytecode to be mapped into human-readable formats.

