![Close](/img/icons/ico_close.svg?1716491272)

Bitcoin.org is a community funded project, donations are appreciated and used
to improve the website.

Make a donation

Bitcoin.org needs your support!

Ã

Donate to Bitcoin.org

Use this QR code or address below

[ bc1qx3u4njquj0ux63030r4nat8awqrlm0x2zlt96h
](bitcoin:bc1qx3u4njquj0ux63030r4nat8awqrlm0x2zlt96h)

$5.00

(... BTC)

$25.00

(... BTC)

$50.00

(... BTC)

[![Bitcoin](/img/icons/logotop.svg?1716491272)](/en/)

  * Introduction
    * [Individuals](/en/bitcoin-for-individuals)
    * [Businesses](/en/bitcoin-for-businesses)
    * [Developers](https://developer.bitcoin.org/)
    * [Getting started](/en/getting-started)
    * [How it works](/en/how-it-works)
    * [White paper](/en/bitcoin-paper)
  * Resources
    * [Resources](/en/resources)
    * [Exchanges](/en/exchanges)
    * [Community](/en/community)
    * [Documentation](https://developer.bitcoin.org/)
    * [Vocabulary](/en/vocabulary)
    * [Events](/en/events)
    * [Bitcoin Core](/en/bitcoin-core/)
  * [Innovation](/en/innovation)
  * Participate
    * [Support Bitcoin](/en/support-bitcoin)
    * [Buy Bitcoin](/en/buy)
    * [Running a full node](/en/full-node)
    * [Development](/en/development)
  * [FAQ](/en/faq)

  * English
    *       * [Bahasa Indonesia](/id/)
      * [CatalÃ ](/ca/)
      * [Dansk](/da/)
      * [Deutsch](/de/)
      * [English](/en/)
      * [EspaÃ±ol](/es/)
      * [FranÃ§ais](/fr/)
      * [Italiano](/it/)
      * [Magyar](/hu/)
      * [Nederlands](/nl/)
      * [Polski](/pl/)
      * [PortuguÃªs Brasil](/pt_BR/)
      * [RomÃ¢nÄ](/ro/)
      * [SlovenÅ¡Äina](/sl/)
      * [Srpski](/sr/)
      * [Svenska](/sv/)
    *       * [TÃ¼rkÃ§e](/tr/)
      * [ÎÎ»Î»Î·Î½Î¹ÎºÎ¬](/el/)
      * [Ð±ÑÐ»Ð³Ð°ÑÑÐºÐ¸](/bg/)
      * [Ð ÑÑÑÐºÐ¸Ð¹](/ru/)
      * [Ð£ÐºÑÐ°ÑÐ½ÑÑÐºÐ°](/uk/)
      * [ÕÕ¡ÕµÕ¥ÖÕ¥Õ¶](/hy/)
      * [Ø§ÙØ¹Ø±Ø¨ÙØ©](/ar/)
      * [ÙØ§Ø±Ø³Û](/fa/)
      * [×¢××¨××ª](/he/)
      * [à¤¹à¤¿à¤¨à¥à¤¦à¥](/hi/)
      * [íêµ­ì´](/ko/)
      * [ááááá](/km/)
      * [æ¥æ¬èª](/ja/)
      * [ç®ä½ä¸­æ](/zh_CN/)
      * [ç¹é«ä¸­æ](/zh_TW/)

Bahasa Indonesia CatalÃ  Dansk Deutsch English EspaÃ±ol FranÃ§ais Italiano
Magyar Nederlands Polski PortuguÃªs Brasil RomÃ¢nÄ SlovenÅ¡Äina Srpski
Svenska TÃ¼rkÃ§e ÎÎ»Î»Î·Î½Î¹ÎºÎ¬ Ð±ÑÐ»Ð³Ð°ÑÑÐºÐ¸ Ð ÑÑÑÐºÐ¸Ð¹
Ð£ÐºÑÐ°ÑÐ½ÑÑÐºÐ° ÕÕ¡ÕµÕ¥ÖÕ¥Õ¶ Ø§ÙØ¹Ø±Ø¨ÙØ© ÙØ§Ø±Ø³Û ×¢××¨××ª
à¤¹à¤¿à¤¨à¥à¤¦à¥ íêµ­ì´ ááááá æ¥æ¬èª ç®ä½ä¸­æ
ç¹é«ä¸­æ Language: en

[Blog home](/en/blog) | [Subscribe to RSS feed](/en/rss/blog.xml) | [Post history](https://github.com/bitcoin-dot-org/bitcoin.org/commits/master/_posts/2018-09-07-thanks-to-recent-translation-volunteers.md) | [Report issue](https://github.com/bitcoin-dot-org/bitcoin.org/issues/new?body=Source%20File%3A%20_posts/2018-09-07-thanks-to-recent-translation-volunteers.md%0A%0A)

# A Big Thanks to Recent Translators

## Acknowledging Recent Translators

![A Big Thanks to Recent Translation
Volunteers](/img/blog/free/transifex.png?1716491272)

Thanks to a [sponsorship from Paxful](https://bitcoin.org/en/posts/new-
supporting-sponsorship-from-paxful), the following volunteer translators who
have been the most active contributors in recent months are being given
bitcoin for their efforts:

  * Abegi
  * FrancescoGalati
  * JurgenH
  * Kasvain
  * Komodorpudel
  * Kruell233
  * MedMus
  * Rasakila
  * Thalesfcastro
  * Vinifire
  * YummyPT
  * alanst
  * alexandra.cg15
  * bernat
  * buren
  * chrisper
  * cocoklogi
  * crynvestor
  * dalovar
  * def1ne
  * echo4py
  * enriquecartagena
  * excess
  * fjrojasgarcia
  * hzxswyg
  * icarius
  * isty98
  * karin.garri
  * klicman
  * learningis1st
  * luggi5711
  * manuelarodsilva
  * mariofgf14
  * mateusnds
  * mjglqw
  * mreza73
  * natsam
  * nedved
  * paolobaz
  * peto.juhasz
  * pryds
  * quellobiondo
  * rodlin
  * simonLimon
  * sitthykun
  * trior
  * vit05
  * ÐÐ°ÑÐ¸Ð»Ð¸Ð¹33

A big thanks goes to these volunteers. Their work behind the scenes
shouldnât go unnoticed, and we dedicate this blog post to recognizing them.

Each month, more and more people all around the world are hearing, reading and
learning more about Bitcoin. Seeing a business with a âBitcoin accepted
hereâ sign may not be something rare for some of us anymoreâ¦ but it still
is for many in a lot of places. Even though Bitcoin adoption is spreading like
wildfire, we havenât even scratched the surface of what could be possible.
In order for knowledge to spread, information has to be freed to transmit
easily from person to person, across borders, across languages, between
cultures, philosophies, religions and ideologies. Some people say we are all
Satoshi, now. For that to ring true, we must find our voice to speak, spread
and support Bitcoin as one.

There have been tens of millions of visitors to Bitcoin.org this year alone.
About half of them speak English. The rest are millions of visitors speaking
all kinds of other languages from across the globe. For them, we rely on
volunteer translators - like the above individuals - people who translate
Bitcoin.org into their own native languages so that when people who speak them
come to Bitcoin.org, the site displays by default in their own native tongue.

There are currently 70 languages in various states of translation, 27 of which
have reached states of completion that have enabled them to be added to
Bitcoin.org. In addition, earlier this year, the developer documentation was
ported so that it could also start to be translated into other languages.
Itâs important that we provide a way to help a new generation of Bitcoin
developers in non English-speaking countries learn more about Bitcoin on a
technical level, to help foster the development of new products and services,
for the people in their communities who are already interested in using it.

As one of the most visited Bitcoin websites, translating Bitcoin.org is a
great way to help Bitcoin continue to spread.

[**If you want to be like one of the people above and join the effort, learn
how to get started.**](https://github.com/bitcoin-dot-
org/bitcoin.org/blob/master/docs/assisting-with-translations.md#getting-
started-with-the-translation-team)

_A special thanks also goes to Simon AKA âKomodorpudelâ who has spent a
lot of time co-organizing various translation-related efforts. Thank you,
Simon. Lastly, but not least, to[Transifex](https://transifex.com/), for
graciously providing enterprise-grade localization services to support
Bitcoin.org._

Posted to the [Bitcoin.org Site Blog](/en/blog) on 07 September 2018 by [Will
Binns](https://github.com/wbnns)

[ ![Bitcoin](/img/icons/logo-footer.svg?1716491272) ](/en/)

Support Bitcoin.org: Donate

[bc1qx3u4njquj0ux63030r4nat8awqrlm0x2zlt96h](bitcoin:bc1qx3u4njquj0ux63030r4nat8awqrlm0x2zlt96h)

Introduction:

  * [Individuals](/en/bitcoin-for-individuals)
  * [Businesses](/en/bitcoin-for-businesses)
  * [Developers](https://developer.bitcoin.org/)
  * [Getting started](/en/getting-started)
  * [How it works](/en/how-it-works)
  * [You need to know](/en/you-need-to-know)
  * [White paper](/en/bitcoin-paper)

Resources:

  * [Resources](/en/resources)
  * [Exchanges](/en/exchanges)
  * [Community](/en/community)
  * [Vocabulary ](/en/vocabulary)
  * [Events](/en/events)
  * [Bitcoin Core](/en/bitcoin-core/)

Participate:

  * [Support Bitcoin](/en/support-bitcoin)
  * [Buy Bitcoin](/en/buy)
  * [Running a full node](/en/full-node)
  * [Development](/en/development)

Other:

[Avoid Scams](/en/scams) [Legal](/en/legal) [Privacy Policy](/en/privacy)
[Press](/en/press) [About bitcoin.org](/en/about-us) [Blog](/en/blog)

Â© Bitcoin Project 2009-2024 Released under the [MIT
license](http://opensource.org/licenses/mit-license.php)

[Network Status](/en/alerts)

  * English
    *       * [Bahasa Indonesia](/id/)
      * [CatalÃ ](/ca/)
      * [Dansk](/da/)
      * [Deutsch](/de/)
      * [English](/en/)
      * [EspaÃ±ol](/es/)
      * [FranÃ§ais](/fr/)
      * [Italiano](/it/)
      * [Magyar](/hu/)
      * [Nederlands](/nl/)
      * [Polski](/pl/)
      * [PortuguÃªs Brasil](/pt_BR/)
      * [RomÃ¢nÄ](/ro/)
      * [SlovenÅ¡Äina](/sl/)
      * [Srpski](/sr/)
      * [Svenska](/sv/)
    *       * [TÃ¼rkÃ§e](/tr/)
      * [ÎÎ»Î»Î·Î½Î¹ÎºÎ¬](/el/)
      * [Ð±ÑÐ»Ð³Ð°ÑÑÐºÐ¸](/bg/)
      * [Ð ÑÑÑÐºÐ¸Ð¹](/ru/)
      * [Ð£ÐºÑÐ°ÑÐ½ÑÑÐºÐ°](/uk/)
      * [ÕÕ¡ÕµÕ¥ÖÕ¥Õ¶](/hy/)
      * [Ø§ÙØ¹Ø±Ø¨ÙØ©](/ar/)
      * [ÙØ§Ø±Ø³Û](/fa/)
      * [×¢××¨××ª](/he/)
      * [à¤¹à¤¿à¤¨à¥à¤¦à¥](/hi/)
      * [íêµ­ì´](/ko/)
      * [ááááá](/km/)
      * [æ¥æ¬èª](/ja/)
      * [ç®ä½ä¸­æ](/zh_CN/)
      * [ç¹é«ä¸­æ](/zh_TW/)

Bahasa Indonesia CatalÃ  Dansk Deutsch English EspaÃ±ol FranÃ§ais Italiano
Magyar Nederlands Polski PortuguÃªs Brasil RomÃ¢nÄ SlovenÅ¡Äina Srpski
Svenska TÃ¼rkÃ§e ÎÎ»Î»Î·Î½Î¹ÎºÎ¬ Ð±ÑÐ»Ð³Ð°ÑÑÐºÐ¸ Ð ÑÑÑÐºÐ¸Ð¹
Ð£ÐºÑÐ°ÑÐ½ÑÑÐºÐ° ÕÕ¡ÕµÕ¥ÖÕ¥Õ¶ Ø§ÙØ¹Ø±Ø¨ÙØ© ÙØ§Ø±Ø³Û ×¢××¨××ª
à¤¹à¤¿à¤¨à¥à¤¦à¥ íêµ­ì´ ááááá æ¥æ¬èª ç®ä½ä¸­æ
ç¹é«ä¸­æ en

