[](https://www.binance.com/en)

[Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/crypto/buy)

[Markets](https://www.binance.com/en/markets/overview)

Trade

Basic

  * [SpotBuy and sell on the Spot market with advanced tools](https://www.binance.com/en/trade/BTC_USDT?type=spot)
  * [MarginIncrease your profits with leverage](https://www.binance.com/en/trade?type=cross)
  * [P2PBuy & sell cryptocurrencies using bank transfer and 800+ options](https://p2p.binance.com/en)
  * [Convert & Block TradeThe easiest way to trade at all sizes](https://www.binance.com/en/convert)

Advanced

  * [Trading BotsTrade smarter with our various automated strategies - easy, fast and reliable](https://www.binance.com/en/trading-bots)
  * [Copy TradingFollow the most popular traders](https://www.binance.com/en/copy-trading)
  * [APIsUnlimited opportunities with one key](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-api)

[Futures](https://www.binance.com/en/futures/home)

  * [USDⓈ-M FuturesContracts settled in USDT and USDC](https://www.binance.com/en/futures)
  * [COIN-M FuturesContracts settled in cryptocurrency](https://www.binance.com/en/delivery)
  * [OptionsUSDT Options with limited downside and affordable entry](https://www.binance.com/en/eoptions)

[Earn](https://www.binance.com/en/earn)

[Square](https://www.binance.com/en/square)

  * [SquareStay informed with everything crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/square)
  * [Academy (Learn & Earn)Earn crypto by learning about blockchain](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn)
  * [BlogExpand your knowledge and get the latest insights](https://www.binance.com/en/blog)
  * [ResearchInstitutional-grade analysis, in-depth insights, and more](https://www.binance.com/en/research)

More

  * [VIP & InstitutionalYour trusted digital asset platform for VIPs and institutions](https://www.binance.com/en/vip-institutional-services)
  * [Launchpad & LaunchpoolDiscover and gain access to new token launches](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)
  * [MegadropLock your BNB and complete Web3 quests for boosted airdrop rewards](https://www.binance.com/en/megadrop)
  * [Mining PoolMine more rewards by connecting to the pool](https://pool.binance.com/en)
  * [PaySend, receive and spend crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/payment)
  * [LoansGet an instant loan secured by crypto assets](https://www.binance.com/en/loan)

  * [NFTExplore NFTs from creators worldwide](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/home)
  * [Fan TokenDiscover an all-new fandom and unlock unlimited fan experiences](https://www.binance.com/en/fan-token)
  * [Web3 WalletMeet the next-generation Web3 wallet](https://www.binance.com/en/web3wallet)
  * [BNB ChainThe most popular blockchain to build your own dApp](https://www.bnbchain.org)
  * [CharityBlockchain empowers charity to be more transparent, efficient, and traceable](https://www.binance.charity)

[Log
In](https://accounts.binance.com/en/login?loginChannel=blog&return_to=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYmluYW5jZS5jb20vZW4vYmxvZy9tYXJnaW4vaG93LWRvZXMtbGV2ZXJhZ2UtdHJhZGluZy1pbi1jcnlwdG8td29yay00MjE0OTk4MjQ2ODQ5MDM0OTc%2FbGFuZz1lbg%3D%3D)[Sign
Up](https://accounts.binance.com/en/register?registerChannel=blog&return_to=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYmluYW5jZS5jb20vZW4vYmxvZy9tYXJnaW4vaG93LWRvZXMtbGV2ZXJhZ2UtdHJhZGluZy1pbi1jcnlwdG8td29yay00MjE0OTk4MjQ2ODQ5MDM0OTc%2FbGFuZz1lbg%3D%3D)

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/images/common/logo.png)

Scan to Download App IOS & Android

[More Download
Options](https://www.binance.com/en/download?utm_source=&utm_campaign=)

##### [Binance Blog](/blog)

# How Does Leverage Trading In Crypto Work?

2022-02-23

## Main Takeaways:

  * Leverage trading is a trading approach that is used by traders in both traditional and crypto markets to maximize profits.

  * A common type of leverage trading in crypto is margin trading, which involves putting assets up as collateral to increase purchasing power.

  * Expert traders can borrow funds to engage in margin trading on Binance Margin.

  * Find out the pros and cons of margin trading and how you can get started on leverage trading on Binance Margin.

Wondering how to increase your trading performance? Leverage trading
strategies like margin trading can potentially increase your profits. Find out
how you can do so with Binance Margin.

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20220223/c6272e3a-6a2e-4ed8-9e14-46e6f525fb65.png)

As you become more skilled in trading, you may wish to explore the different
ways you can increase your trading performance. Consider leverage trading, a
trading approach that allows investors to make spot transactions with the help
of borrowed funds to amplify trading results. Margin trading is a common
leverage trading strategy used by experienced traders looking to increase
their purchasing power rather than be restricted by their own capital.
[Binance Margin](https://www.binance.com/en/margin-trading) lets users borrow
funds to engage in margin trading to increase their position size.

Binance Margin Trading grants eligible users access to funds from the Binance
Exchange for use in leveraged trades. Experienced traders looking to increase
their buying power can use the Margin trading feature to amplify potential
returns on long or short positions. However, leverage trading, including
margin trading, involves high risks as it could potentially amplify trading
losses as well. With the risks involved, it is good to always do your due
diligence and read up on the pros and cons before you start leverage trading.

Pros of Margin Trading for Crypto

### Maximize profits

With margin trading, you can enter the market with a bigger position, which
means bigger gains on successful trades as compared to using just your
existing funds. Assuming that your margin trade is successful, high leverage
ratios can help you maximize your returns.

### Convenience in trading

Margin trading allows you to enter positions quickly without depositing more
funds to acquire the same position size. This also allows you to save time and
act quickly if you are timing the market.

### Portfolio diversification tool

With borrowed funds from margin trading, traders can open multiple positions
with relatively smaller amounts of capital without compromising position size.
This allows traders to diversify and
[hedge](https://www.binance.com/en/support/faq/360041819691), reducing the
risk of large losses by preventing traders from putting all their proverbial
eggs in the same basket.

## Con of Margin Trading for Crypto

### High Risk

High returns are usually accompanied by high risks, and this is true for
margin trading as well. While returns are potentially amplified, potential
losses are also multiplied if the tide is not in your favor. With leverage
trading, losses can be very damaging for your portfolio as your market
exposure is increased. Unlike regular trading, margin trading could result in
losses that exceed your initial investment–even a small drop in the market
price can be amplified and cause significant losses.

While margin trading can be a viable option for traders looking to fast-track
their trading performance, it is always to keep the risks in mind and
understand how to use margin trading to your advantage before committing your
capital. This includes knowing when and where to margin trade. Below, we have
detailed some basic information that you should have before embarking on your
margin trading journey.

## When Should I Margin Trade?

### When you want to increase your buying power

If you are restricted by your current capital, but hope to capitalize further
on a potential trade, margin trading can allow you to increase your position
in the market for magnified returns. For example, if you are interested in
purchasing $1000 of [bitcoin](https://www.binance.com/en/price/bitcoin), but
only have $500, you can use margin trading to do so.

### When you want to diversify and hedge

If you are thinking of [diversifying your
portfolio](https://academy.binance.com/en/articles/how-to-build-a-well-
balanced-crypto-portfolio) into other crypto, but only have a small capital to
do so, you can use margin trading to increase your buying power. Using margin
trading to enter a hedged position against the [crypto
market](https://www.binance.com/en/markets) can also help protect against
major market downturns.

### When you understand your potential losses

Because of the high risk involved, it is not recommended for beginners who do
not understand the potential losses. Traders who are experienced, have
understood the risks and want to attempt margin trading can do so with proper
risk management strategies like [stop-limit
orders](https://academy.binance.com/en/articles/what-is-a-stop-limit-order).
in place. If you’re exploring margin trading, check out these [additional
resources regarding Margin
Trading](https://www.binance.com/en/support/faq/c-3?navId=3) before you start.

## Why People Margin Trade on Binance Margin

### Diverse trading pairs

Binance Margin supports 600+ trading pairs, including some trading pairs that
are not commonly offered.

### Multi-asset collateral

Margin users are able to invest multiple assets as collateral to borrow and
trade on leverage. On Binance, this can be done in the [cross-
margin](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/margin/binance-margin-differences-
between-the-new-isolated-margin-mode-and-cross-margin-mode-421499824684900602)
mode. Instead of investing BTC only into a BTC-based margin trade, investors
can use their [BTC](https://www.binance.com/en/trade-
margin/BTC_BUSD?type=cross) and [ETH](https://www.binance.com/en/trade-
margin/ETH_BUSD?type=cross), or [BUSD](https://www.binance.com/en/trade-
margin/BTC_BUSD?type=cross), [USDT](https://www.binance.com/en/trade-
margin/BUSD_USDT?type=cross), and so on, to denominate their collateral,
allowing traders to operate with more flexibility when opening trades.

### Cooling-off period

In order to help users avoid excessive trading, users can temporarily suspend
margin-trading-related activities for a specific period by activating the
[Cooling-off Period
function](https://www.binance.com/en/support/faq/ad7fd07f63a64954a6d6e9257d16adcc).
This is part of Binance’s efforts to encourage responsible trading and prevent
compulsive trading behavior.

### Insurance fund

Binance Margin has an [insurance
fund](https://www.binance.com/en/support/faq/152489b2032445c4a77a175d65b80533)
that protects users’ accounts when their equity (i.e. their assets minus
liabilities) is less than 0, or when the user is unable to repay debts due to
lack of funds in the account.

## How Binance Margin Works

If you’re ready to explore crypto leverage trading, you can start margin
trading on Binance with these four simple steps:

### Step 1: Transfer

Under your account balance information, click
[‘Margin’](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/margin). After reading
the margin account agreement, select ‘I understand’. Then, you will be able to
transfer funds into your new Margin Trading Wallet.

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20220223/a9770957-a9da-4c27-82b1-044f7855736d.png)

### Step 2: Borrow

Click ‘Borrow/Repay’, enter the amount you wish to borrow, note the hourly
interest rate, and click ‘Confirm Borrow’. The funds will be credited to your
margin account, and you can check this via your Balance/Margin button.

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20220223/3a7fee38-13af-432e-90a0-c4b4f3799833.png)

### Step 3: Trade

To use your borrowed funds to trade, go to the Exchange page, select the
‘[Margin](https://www.binance.com/en/trade-margin/BTC_USDT)’ tab, and you can
start trading.

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20220223/080bdd7b-bc29-4d03-98d9-653e42f00aab.png)

### Step 4: Repay

To repay your debt, click the ‘Borrow/Repay’ button and select the ‘Repay’
tab. Select the coin and amount you wish to repay and click ‘Confirm
repayment’.

If you have started margin trading, please remember to closely monitor your
margin level. If the margin level decreases, you will either need to increase
your collateral or reduce your loan. When the margin level reaches 1.1, the
loan will automatically be liquidated, which means that Binance will sell the
position(s) at market price to repay the loan. For in-depth instructions and a
guide to repaying debt, visit our Academy article, [Binance Margin Trading
Guide.](https://academy.binance.com/en/articles/binance-margin-trading-guide)

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20220223/fc3fcf06-1a2f-41b1-a922-8f8ed0afe869.png)

## Conclusion

There are several benefits of margin trading that spot trading cannot offer if
you know how to use the tool well. With experience, caution and purpose,
margin trading can be an extremely useful strategy to reach your financial
goals, although it is important to always be aware of the risks involved in
margin trading and leverage trading in general. For experienced traders,
Binance Margin offers a wide range of options and functions that can help make
your margin trading journey more fun, but more importantly, more responsible.

**Read the following support items for more information:**

  * (Blog)[ Crypto Spot Trading vs. Margin Trading - What’s the difference?](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/421499824684902286/Crypto-Spot-Trading-vs-Margin-Trading--Whats-the-difference)

  * (Blog)[ ](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/421499824684902286/Crypto-Spot-Trading-vs-Margin-Trading--Whats-the-difference)[3 Reasons Why You Should Try Margin Trading](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/margin/3-reasons-why-you-should-try-margin-trading-421499824684902311)

  * (Support)[ How to Transfer Funds to Binance Margin Account](https://www.binance.com/en/support/faq/360030157712)

  * (Support)[ Overview of Binance Futures Products & Features](https://www.binance.com/en/support/faq/00bd4e5720bf4ffebfadb4b15e465a73)

  * And a complete list of [Binance Margin FAQ](https://www.binance.com/en/support/faq/c-3?navId=3#16)

**Disclaimer:** Margin trading is highly subjected to market risk, volatility,
and complexity. It is a sophisticated product and you are highly advised to
exercise prudence and caution. While Binance will do its best to give you a
pleasant and secure trading experience, we will not be responsible for your
losses incurred from your trading activities. Please remember to do your due
diligence before entering a margin trade.

194,923,927 users chose us. Find out why today.

Register Now

Like this post

###### Share Post

Article Outlines

How Does Leverage Trading In Crypto Work?

Main Takeaways:

Con of Margin Trading for Crypto

When Should I Margin Trade?

Why People Margin Trade on Binance Margin

How Binance Margin Works

Conclusion

194,923,927 users chose us. Find out why today.

Register Now

### Community

[](https://discord.gg/jE4wt8g2H2)[](https://www.binance.com/en/community)[](https://www.tiktok.com/@binance?lang=en)[](https://www.facebook.com/binance)[](https://twitter.com/binance)[](https://www.reddit.com/r/binance)[](https://www.instagram.com/Binance/)[](https://coinmarketcap.com/exchanges/binance/)[](https://www.youtube.com/binanceyoutube)[](https://www.binance.com/en/community)

USD-$

USD-$

AED-د.إ

ARS-ARS$

AUD-A$

BDT-৳

BGN-лв

BHD-.د.ب

BOB-$b

BRL-R$

CAD-C$

CHF-CHF

CNY-¥

COP-COL$

CZK-Kč

DKK-KR

EGP-E£

EUR-€

GBP-£

HKD-HKD

HRK-kn

HUF-Ft

IDR-Rp

INR-₹

JPY-¥

KES-KSh

KWD-ك.د

KZT-₸

MAD-م.د.

MNT-₮

MXN-Mex$

NZD-NZ$

OMR-ر.ع.

PEN-S/.

PHP-₱

PKR-₨

PLN-zł

QAR-ر.ق

RON-lei

RUB-₽

SAR-ر.س

SEK-kr

THB-฿

TRY-₺

TWD-NT$

UAH-₴

UGX-USh

VES-Bs

VND-₫

ZAR-R

Theme

USD

Theme

### About Us

  * [About](https://www.binance.com/en/about)
  * [Careers](https://www.binance.com/en/careers)
  * [Announcements](https://www.binance.com/en/support/announcement)
  * [News](https://www.binance.com/en/square/news/all)
  * [Press](https://www.binance.com/en/press)
  * [Legal](https://www.binance.com/en/legal/home)
  * [Terms](https://www.binance.com/en/terms)
  * [Privacy](https://www.binance.com/en/about-legal/privacy-portal)
  * [Building Trust](https://www.binance.com/en/land/building_trust)
  * [Blog](https://www.binance.com/en/blog)
  * [Community](https://www.binance.com/en/community)
  * [Sitemap](https://www.binance.com/en/country-region-selector)
  * [Risk Warning](https://www.binance.com/en/risk-warning)
  * [Notices](https://www.binance.com/en/support/list/notices)
  * [Downloads](https://www.binance.com/en/download)
  * [Desktop Application](https://www.binance.com/en/desktop-download)

### Products

  * [Exchange](https://www.binance.com/en/trade)
  * [Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/buy-sell-crypto)
  * [Leveraged Tokens](https://www.binance.com/en/leveraged-tokens/tokens/allTokens)
  * [TradingView](https://www.binance.com/en/land/tradingview)
  * [Pay](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/payment)
  * [Academy](https://academy.binance.com/en)
  * [Live](https://www.binance.com/en/live)
  * [Tax](https://www.binance.com/en/tax)
  * [Gift Card](https://www.binance.com/en/gift-card)
  * [Launchpad & Launchpool](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)
  * [Auto-Invest](https://www.binance.com/en/auto-invest)
  * [ETH Staking](https://www.binance.com/en/eth2)
  * [NFT](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/home)
  * [BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/bnb)
  * [BABT](https://www.binance.com/en/BABT?source=footer)
  * [Research](https://www.binance.com/en/research)
  * [Charity](https://www.binance.charity)

### Business

  * [P2P Merchant Application](https://c2c.binance.com/en/merchantApplication)
  * [P2Pro Merchant Application](https://p2p.binance.com/en/p2pro)
  * [Listing Application](https://www.binance.com/en/my/coin-apply)
  * [Institutional & VIP Services](https://www.binance.com/en/vip-institutional-services)
  * [Labs](https://labs.binance.com/)

### Learn

  * [Learn & Earn](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn)
  * [Browse Crypto Prices](https://www.binance.com/en/price)
  * [Bitcoin Price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/bitcoin)
  * [Ethereum Price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/ethereum)
  * [Browse Crypto Price Predictions](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction)
  * [Bitcoin Price Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction/bitcoin)
  * [Ethereum Price Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction/ethereum)
  * [Buy Bitcoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bitcoin)
  * [Buy BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bnb)
  * [Buy Ripple](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/xrp)
  * [Buy Dogecoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/dogecoin)
  * [Buy Ethereum](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/ethereum)
  * [Buy Tradable Altcoins](https://www.binance.com/en/altcoins/tradable)

### Service

  * [Affiliate](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/affiliate)
  * [Referral](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/referral?utm_source=Lite_web_footer)
  * [OTC Trading](https://www.binance.com/en/otc)
  * [Historical Market Data](https://www.binance.com/en/landing/data)
  * [Proof of Reserves](https://www.binance.com/en/proof-of-reserves)

### Support

  * [24/7 Chat Support](https://www.binance.com/en/chat?sourceEntry=4)
  * [Support Center](https://www.binance.com/en/support)
  * [Product Feedback & Suggestions](https://www.binance.com/en/my/user-support/feedback/entry)
  * [Fees](https://www.binance.com/en/fee/schedule)
  * [APIs](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-api)
  * [Binance Verify](https://www.binance.com/en/official-verification)
  * [Trading Rules](https://www.binance.com/en/trade-rule)
  * [Binance Airdrop Portal](https://www.binance.com/en/airdrop)
  * [Law Enforcement Requests](https://www.binance.com/en/support/law-enforcement)

Binance© 2024Cookie Preferences

