[](https://t.me/agridex)[](https://x.com/AgriDexPlatform)Drop us a line

PlatformTokenTeamFoundationMedia

AgriDex & $AGRI Token launching Q3 2024

# Bringing the $2.7 Trillion Agricultural Market On-Chain

Agridex is a Solana Backed RWA Marketplace Reshaping the Global Agricultural
Industry

[Download 2024 AGridex
Whitepaper![Whitepaper](/whitepaper.png)](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1yuo1lPssoiisbtmNprYxKl6arq3hqvdM/view?usp=sharing)

Backed by Solana Foundation![Solana](/solana.svg)

Built by a team from

[![Citadel](/media/citadel.svg)](https://www.citadel.com/)[![Goldman
Sachs](/media/goldman-
sachs.svg)](https://www.goldmansachs.com/)[![Solana](/media/solana.svg)](https://solana.com/)[![Deutsche
Bank](/media/deutsche-
bank.svg)](https://www.db.com/)[![Google](/media/google.svg)](https://www.google.com/)[![Trafigura](/media/trafigura.svg)](https://www.trafigura.com/)[![DeepMind](/media/deepmind.svg)](https://deepmind.google/)[![Citadel](/media/citadel.svg)](https://www.citadel.com/)[![Goldman
Sachs](/media/goldman-
sachs.svg)](https://www.goldmansachs.com/)[![Solana](/media/solana.svg)](https://solana.com/)[![Deutsche
Bank](/media/deutsche-
bank.svg)](https://www.db.com/)[![Google](/media/google.svg)](https://www.google.com/)[![Trafigura](/media/trafigura.svg)](https://www.trafigura.com/)[![DeepMind](/media/deepmind.svg)](https://deepmind.google/)

All in one agriculture platform

## AgriDex Platform

AgriDex empowers and protects all agriculture supply chain participants
through a comprehensive, on-chain solution that offers:

![AgriDex Platform](/platform.svg)

### Reduced transaction costs

Solana-based transaction fees are typically $0.005c or less, compared to $8.90
for Ethereum and costly percentage-based (6-10%) fees for international
remittance.

### Near-instant settlement time

The Solana blockchain finalises (settles) transactions in around 5 seconds,
whereas traditional remittance can take up to seven working days.

### Reduced Fraud

Autonomous verification of documents and other data such as origin tracking
ensures transparency and accountability throughout the supply chain.

### Greater assurance and visibility

All on-chain data is an immutable record, publicly available for scrutiny.

### Governance & compliance

AgriDex supports the disclosure of most of the 1100 datapoints required by the
EU under the 2023 Sustainable Finance Disclosure Requirements

### Fair access

Only an internet connection required to benefit from AgriDex.

New strategic partnership

SOLANA becomes AgriDex partner

We are partnering with Solana to bring the  $2.7 Trillion Global Agriculture
Industry on-chain

![Solana foundation](/solana-foundation.svg)

![Solana](/solana/bg-mobile.png)

Learn How Agridex is Revolutionising the Agricultural Industry

Agridex's Journey

Agridex Governance Token

[Download
Whitepaper](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1yuo1lPssoiisbtmNprYxKl6arq3hqvdM/view?usp=sharing)

$0.10

Airdrop available soon

Soon

Get airdrop notification

Pre-sale launching Q3 2024

The Agridex Token

Token utility

AgriDex tokens will be used to incentivise and reward users based on trade
volumes, platform engagement and community engagement.

Governance

Token holders can vote on elections of directors, providing the ability to
help choose the new leaders of your company.

DAO

The AgriDex DAO will be formed and collectively managed and owned by its
members involved in the DAO`s token distribution.

Buyback & Burn

## AgriDex will use 50% of its profits to buy back tokens and burn them

Our team

## Meet People behind the Product

C-Suite

CEO

Henry Duckworth

![Henry Duckworth](/team/henry-duckworth.png)

Originally a physical commodities trader at Trafigura, Henry then set up and
ran the EMEA desk for EFA Group.

He has over 12 years experience in trading and agriculture investments across
multiple jurisdictions

Chief Strategy Officer

Edward Monckton

![Edward Monckton](/team/edward-monckton.png)

Edward brings 15 years of military leadership, diplomacy and strategic
advisory experience.

He has lived and worked across Europe, the Middle East and Africa specialising
in resilience, sovereign partnerships and multilateralism.

Chairman of Agridex Foundation

David Campbell

![David Campbell](/team/david-campbell.png)

Globally renowned media and impact figure – having created ‘Shamba Shake up’
and numerous other media shows.

His projects have been praised by the president of Kenya and many other
leading governments.

Executive Chairman

Russell Duckworth

![Russell Duckworth](/team/russell-duckworth.png)

Russell was the founder investor in Deep Mind, an AI leader and is an
experienced tech founder. Has 30 years’ experience in Finance and was formerly
Head of Global Equity Research at Deutsche Bank.

Furthermore, Russell has more than 10 years’ experience in investing and
establishing small growth companies. He is Director of an African agricultural
group bringing a wealth of knowledge using technology to solve real world
problems.

Chief Technical Officer

Shawn Derouard

![Shawn Derouard](/team/shawn-derouard.png)

Over 25 years of expertise as a developer, technical architect, business
analysis and digital strategist. Shawn has served as a Technical Director at
Razorfish, Digitas and Publicis. Shawn’s last position was as at Applied
Blockchain, the UK’s premier Blockchain, zero knowledge and confidential
computing solutions group.

Shawn has built business-critical trading systems, supply chain provenance
systems, DeFi protocols and cross-border payments for governments and blue
chip companies such as Shell, Total, BP, Nissan, Levis, Eli Lilly, Phizer and
DHL.

Advisory Council

Legal Counsel

Ali Khan

![Ali Khan](/team/ali-khan.png)

Ali was Called to the Bar of England and Wales in 2015 and is now a solicitor
of of the Senior Courts of England and Wales.

He is a founder of AS Legal Consultants in the UAE, has contributed to the
development of VARA in Dubai, and is a founding member of FinRegX, a
collection of global crypto and blockchain specialists focussed on regulatory,
legal and technological development.

Director

Jeremy Attard-Manche

![Jeremy Attard-Manche](/team/jeremy-attard-manche.png)

Former CEO of value equity hedge fund, Noster Capital LLP. Directly prior to
this, he was a partner at Tell Investments, which he jointly founded in 2002.

Previously, he was a Managing Director with Merrill Lynch in London,
responsible for all hedge fund distribution in Europe.

Advisor

Fiona Hill CBE

![Fiona Hill CBE](/team/fiona-hill.png)

Fiona brings experience of both supply chain transparency and of international
trade friction. As Chief of Staff to the UK Prime Minister she was central to
the Brexit negotiations.

In the Home Office, she drove and wrote the Modern Slavery Act which sets a
global standard for cleaning supply chains of forced labour.

Fiona is Founder and CEO of the Future Resilience Forum and of Marsham Street
Consultants.

Advisor

Dr. Edem Adzogenu

![Dr. Edem Adzogenu](/team/edem-adzogenu.png)

Dr. Edem Adzogenu is an accomplished investment facilitation, government
affairs and international crisis management specialist for global investors
and businesses across Africa and Asia

Core Team

Director

Bill Cunningham

![Bill Cunningham](/team/bill-cunningham.png)

Bill has a 17-year track record investing in quoted and unquoted EIS-
qualifying growth companies, at Endeavour Ventures.

Bill is also an active portfolio company director, holding investments or non-
exec board positions on relevant payment and settlement household names such
as Mobile Pay Systems Ltd and JustGiving.com.

Head of Office

Irene Wong

![Irene Wong](/team/irene-wong.png)

Before AgriDex Irene worked at AXA Framlington Investment Management,
Schroders Asset Management and Maximvs Group.

Before this Irene spent three years at Manpower Services in Hong Kong after
working in the Global Securities division at Goldman Sachs International

Finance analyst

Arthur Fontanelli

![Arthur Fontanelli](/team/arthur-fontanelli.png)

International Baccalaureate Diploma at St Clare’s Oxford, currently attending
a Business and Management Bachelor at ESCP.

Worked at CGM Azimut Monaco for asset management.

MRLO and Head of Compliance

Julian Rozaman

![Julian Rozaman](/team/julian-rozaman.png)

Qualified solicitor and barrister with 12 years of experience working as an
in-house lawyer and compliance consultant in the retail, construction, IT and
winery industries.

R&D

Tan Akman

![Tan Akman](/team/tan-akman.png)

Experience at Amplify Trading and WTW, outside of work Tan is doing a research
project in Machine Learning in Finance and pursuing a master’s degree in
financial Analysis.

Accounts

Aleksandra Gorbenko

![Aleksandra Gorbenko](/team/aleksandra-gorbenko.png)

Accounting and finance from Warwick Business school, ‘Sasha’ has a history in
business analytics and finance.

AgriDex foundation

## Agridex believes that education is key to informing peoples on the better
production of food

5% of AgriDex International profits will be donated to the Agridex Foundation
for educating farmers and promoting sustainable agriculture. AgriDex
understands that sustainability and impact are essential pillars of its
business model.

By integrating these principles into its operations, initiatives, and
partnerships, AgriDex strives to create a positive and lasting difference in
the agricultural sector and the communities it serves.

To learn more about our foundation, its aims, or some of the projects

[contact@agridex.com](mailto:contact@agridex.com)

![Agridex_foundation](/foundation.png)

## Featured in media

featured on supplychaindigital.com

Blockchain 'the answer to global food supply chain waste'. Why the technology
can prevent one-third of all food from being wasted.

![Supply Chain Digital](/media/supply-chain.png)[Read
article](https://supplychaindigital.com/digital-supply-chain/blockchain-the-
answer-to-global-food-supply-chain-waste)

featured on agfundernews.com

Meet the founder: Henry Duckworth on Agridex streamlining ag value chains with
blockchain technology.

![AFN](/media/agfunder.png)[Read article](https://agfundernews.com/henry-
duckworth-on-agridex-streamlining-ag-value-chains-with-blockchain-technology)

featured on fruitnet.com

How blockchain technology can help growers to streamline the supply chain and
retain more profit.

![Fruitnet](/media/fruitnet.svg)[Read article](https://www.fruitnet.com/fresh-
produce-journal/blockchain-can-make-growers-lives-easier/248137.article)

## Get in touch

Drop us a line,  
let’s get in touch

Contact us

Disclaimer: Digital Assets are high risk assets. All information provided on
this website, including in any published whitepaper or litepaper, is for
educational purposes only and is not intended to act as an inducement towards
an investment in any particular digital asset. Please note that Agridex Ltd is
neither registered nor authorised by the Financial Conduct Authority for the
promotion of virtual assets. If you are based in the United Kingdom, you may
not purchase any tokens presented on this website or on any platform owned or
operated by Agridex Ltd unless you have discussed your capacity to purchase
those tokens with us first. The current value of digital assets, other digital
assets or fiat currencies is not indicative of future performance. All
commercial figures published on this website are indicitive only and should
not be relied upon as a factual representation of any particular investment
opportunity. Please also see our [Risk Notice](/risk-notice) for further
information.

[Join our Telegram](https://t.me/agridex)[](https://x.com/AgriDexPlatform)

AgriDex LTD. All rights reserved 2024

