[](/)

[ staking ](/staking)

protocols

[ bridges ](/bridges)

[ oracles ](/oracles)

[ liquid staking ](/liquid-staking)

business

[ development ](/products/)

[ institutional staking ](/institutional-staking)

[ everstake capital ](https://everstake.capital/)

[ blog ](/blog)

about us

[ about company ](/about)

[ our products ](/products)

[ crypto reports ](/crypto-reports)

[ chatgpt plugin ](/everstake-chatgpt-plugin-leading-crypto-ai-for-optimal-
staking)

[ eth staking ](/staking/ethereum)

[stake now](/staking)

[](/)

  1. [home](/)
  2. / [ institutional staking ](/institutional-staking)

## Benefit from institutional-grade staking infrastructure and services

Everstake powers up its own staking pool on Solana and partners with the
industry’s top liquid staking protocols to ensure high yields for its users
and boost decentralization across the entire ecosystem.

Book a call

path d="M27.5625 16.625L29.125 15.0625" stroke="white" stroke-width="0.4"
stroke-miterlimit="10" stroke-linecap="round" stroke-linejoin="round"/>

path d="M27.5625 16.625L29.125 15.0625" stroke="white" stroke-width="0.4"
stroke-miterlimit="10" stroke-linecap="round" stroke-linejoin="round"/>

735K

Users  
worldwide

## Why Everstake?

Everstake has proven itself as a responsible validator. Trusted by 735K users
worldwide and supporting 70+ blockchains, Everstake uses its engineering
proficiency to ensure 99.9% uptime across all networks, which translates into
steady rewards for delegators.  
  
With slashing insurance, validator fee sharing, and attractive referral
programs always paying for leads, **Everstake is a reliable and efficient
partner and service provider**.

contact us

[learn more about staking ](/staking)

$1 394 432 381+

staked value

39 292

RPC endpoints

4 210

validator nodes

99.9%

uptime

Stable

Risk-free

Yield

Book a call

Staking-

as-a-Service

01

####  High returns for customers, investors, and assets under management

Deliver high returns to customers and investors with zero risk

02

#### Yield on holdings and treasury

High APY returns on treasury and holdings across a wide range of blue-chip and
high-growth assets

####  High returns for customers, investors, and assets under management

Attract customers and strengthen retention with a broad range of long-term
investments and high APYs across a wide selection of assets

#### Set up a new revenue stream

Our yield share model allows you to deliver maximum APYs to your customers
while generating new revenues for your company

#### Staking-as-a-Service

Bring extensive yield opportunities to your customers.

[Talk to us ](https://calendly.com/everstake-meeting/30min)

Stable

Risk-free

Yield

01

####  High returns for customers, investors, and assets under management

Deliver high returns to customers and investors with zero risk

02

#### Yield on holdings and treasury

High APY returns on treasury and holdings across a wide range of blue-chip and
high-growth assets

Book a call

staking

as-a-service

####  High returns for customers, investors, and assets under management

Deliver high returns to customers and investors with zero risk

#### Yield on holdings and treasury

High APY returns on treasury and holdings across a wide range of blue-chip and
high-growth assets

#### Staking-as-a-Service

Bring extensive yield opportunities to your customers.

[Learn more about staking ](/staking)

## Want to start partnership?

## Let’s talk!

Everstake’s Business Development team is always in search of new ways to be
useful to our partners and exceed their expectations.

[Book a Call ](https://calendly.com/everstake-meeting/30min)

## Trust engineers with a proven

## track record and long-term vision

Everstake was founded in 2018 by [ Sergey Vasylchuk
](https://twitter.com/sergattic), an engineer with 15 years of experience
involved in the blockchain industry since 2014. Out of 125+ people currently
onboard, 75% are devs and engineers.

[about us ](/about)

128

people currently onboard

[Sergey Vasylchuk CEO 1,980 followers ![photo of Sergey Vasylchuk, CEO in
Everstake](/_nuxt/img/sergey_vasylchuk.6552303.webp)](https://twitter.com/sergattic)[Bohdan
Opryshko COO 1,355 followers ![photo of Bohdan Opryshko, COO in
Everstake](/_nuxt/img/bohdan_opryshko.b6d22d7.webp)](https://twitter.com/bo_opryshko)[Alina
Tielnova Head of Staking 6,358 followers ![photo of Alina Tielnova, Head of
Staking in
Everstake](/_nuxt/img/alina_tielnova.14b5731.webp)](https://twitter.com/ATielnova)[Anna
Petrenko R&D Lead 1,110 followers ![photo of Anna Petrenko, R&D Lead in
Everstake](/_nuxt/img/anna_petrenko.f168aad.webp)](https://twitter.com/anna_petrenkoo)[Ryan
Lukas Head of Business Development book a call followers ![photo of Ryan
Lukas, Head of Business Development in
Everstake](/_nuxt/img/ryan_lukas.6ebec41.webp)](https://calendly.com/everstake-
meeting/30min)

[Sergey Vasylchuk CEO  1,980 followers ![photo of Sergey Vasylchuk, CEO in
Everstake](/_nuxt/img/sergey_vasylchuk.6552303.webp)](https://twitter.com/sergattic)[Bohdan
Opryshko COO  1,355 followers ![photo of Bohdan Opryshko, COO in
Everstake](/_nuxt/img/bohdan_opryshko.b6d22d7.webp)](https://twitter.com/bo_opryshko)[Alina
Tielnova Head of Staking  6,358 followers ![photo of Alina Tielnova, Head of
Staking in
Everstake](/_nuxt/img/alina_tielnova.14b5731.webp)](https://twitter.com/ATielnova)[Anna
Petrenko R&D Lead  1,110 followers ![photo of Anna Petrenko, R&D Lead in
Everstake](/_nuxt/img/anna_petrenko.f168aad.webp)](https://twitter.com/anna_petrenkoo)[Ryan
Lukas Head of Business Development  book a call followers ![photo of Ryan
Lukas, Head of Business Development in
Everstake](/_nuxt/img/ryan_lukas.6ebec41.webp)](https://calendly.com/everstake-
meeting/30min)

### subscribe

Learn more about staking from a few letters

#### to our newsletter

your e-mail

subscribe

Please enter a valid email address

You are subscribed!

You will receive on-time and unique content through our newsletter

###  Contact us

####  Have questions?  
We’re always there to answer!

Our distributed team of 20+ community managers is online 24/7 and is ready to
assist you.

[ Book a call with us
](https://calendar.google.com/calendar/u/0/appointments/schedules/AcZssZ0P1Gk5eYeQcs5shpHMUuvO3WFZHgqZuq3ZNJitr-
IfHxnIzPT_WDX-FRMukAHclS7wAhkY0Ahx)[ Follow us on Twitter
](https://twitter.com/everstake_pool)[ Stay in touch via Discord
](https://discord.gg/NvcW47V3Xb)

Everstake

[ Terms of Use ](/docs/terms-of-use.pdf) & [ Privacy Policy ](/docs/privacy-
policy.pdf)

Copyright © 2024 Everstake

[ staking ](/staking)

[ status ](https://status.everstake.one/)

[ Report vulnerability ](/report-vulnerability)

[ about us ](/about)

[ business ](/institutional-staking)

[](https://twitter.com/everstake_pool) [](https://www.reddit.com/r/Everstake/)
[](https://www.linkedin.com/company/everstakeofficial/)
[](https://www.youtube.com/@everstake7336)

[](https://www.stakingrewards.com/savings/everstake/)

Everstake

[ Terms of Use ](/docs/terms-of-use.pdf) & [ Privacy Policy ](/docs/privacy-
policy.pdf)

Copyright © 2024 Everstake

This website uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience

close

got it

