Metaco.com will be sunset as of June 7, 2024

[Learn more](https://ripple.com/solutions/digital-asset-custody/ "Learn more")

Skip to main content

[![Metaco](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/logo.svg?x88149)![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/logo-w.svg?x88149)](https://www.metaco.com)

  * Solutions __

__Solutions

Solutions

    * [__Global Custodians Build tomorrow's market infrastructure ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/global-custodians-top-tier-banks/)
    * [__Universal Banks Satisfy demand for new asset classes ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/universal-banks/)
    * [__Neobanks & FintechsFind new routes to monetization ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/neobanks-fintechs/)
    * [__Regulated Exchanges Grow volumes and profit margins ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/regulated-exchanges/)
    * [__Corporates Boost customer loyalty and engagement ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/corporates/)

  * Platform __

__Platform

Platform

Deploy ambitious digital asset use cases with the most secure and versatile
infrastructure.

    * [__Harmonize™ Platform Overview Issue, store, trade, transfer, settle and service any type of digital asset. ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/harmonize/)
    * [__Custody Hot, warm and institutional cold storage ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/custody/)
    * [__Trading Powerful order execution, funding and settlement ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/trading/)
    * [__Web3 Web3 Portal spanning NFTs, DeFi and DApps ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/web3/)
    * [__Governance Entirely customizable risk and compliance controls ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/governance/)
    * [__Orchestration A single source of truth for managing all digital assets ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/orchestration/)
    * [__Tokenization Asset-agnostic smart contract management framework ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/tokenization/)
    * [__Integration Fully integrable platform following enterprise standards ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/integration/)
    * [__Security Highest protection against insider and external threats ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/security/)

  * Company __

__Company

Company

    * [__About](https://www.metaco.com/company/about/)
    * [__Media & news](https://www.metaco.com/company/media-coverage-press-releases/)
    * [__Careers](https://www.metaco.com/careers/)

  * Resources __

__Resources

Resources

    * [__Talks](https://www.metaco.com/resources/talks/)
    * [__Webinars](https://www.metaco.com/resources/webinars/)
    * [__Case studies](https://www.metaco.com/resources/case-studies/)
    * [__Reports](https://www.metaco.com/resources/reports/)
    * [__Blog](https://www.metaco.com/resources/blog/)

[Contact](https://www.metaco.com/contact/ "Contact")

[Talks](https://www.metaco.com/category/talks/)

METACO TALKS EP. 31

# Crafting Luxury Goods for the Metaverse

  *  __ April 1, 2022
  *  __37 min
  *  __Hosted by Seamus Donoghue (VP Strategic Alliances, METACO)

Share

  * [ __](https://www.linkedin.com/sharing/share-offsite/?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.metaco.com%2Ftalks%2Fcrafting-luxury-goods-for-the-metaverse-w-pedro-lopez-belmonte%2F)
  * [__](https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Metaco+https%3A%2F%2Fwww.metaco.com%2Ftalks%2Fcrafting-luxury-goods-for-the-metaverse-w-pedro-lopez-belmonte%2F+via+%40metaco_sa)

For this episode of  [METACO
TALKS](https://www.metaco.com/resources/podcasts/), we were joined by [Pedro
LOPEZ-BELMONTE](https://www.linkedin.com/in/plberaso/), Blockchain Lead at
[Richemont](https://www.richemont.com/en/home/), the Swiss-based luxury
company, owner of brands such as Cartier, Montblanc, Net-a-porter etc.

Pedro is a Blockchain expert, mission-driven, leading business to generate
value through emerging technologies and cross-tech innovations.

Currently driving the blockchain & digital asset management strategy & roadmap
for Richemont in the public & private blockchains that makes it possible for
consumers to access product history and proof of authenticity of luxury goods
– from sourcing to sales, all the way to second-hand markets.

With more than 20 years of experience in providing support, long-term vision
and continuity to the innovation process as a bridge between the business, the
technology and the innovation functions, Pedro contributes defining & leading
the Emerging Technologies integration process by working on the strategy and
roadmap along with main stakeholders, identifying new tech trends, being part
of the external ecosystem to nurture the internal one, continuously
identifying and engaging with new relevant players as part of the Emerging
Technologies network.

In this episode, we discussed, among others:

**[00:10:33]  **NFTs and their impact on the luxury goods industry

**[00:25:28]  **The Metaverse of luxury goods

**[00:27:12]  **What happens to luxury when everything is tokenized (and
fractionalized)

_Disclaimer: This is not investment advice._

### Full transcript

[00:00:14] **Seamus:**  Welcome to the 31st episode of METACO Talks. Today
we’re speaking with Pedro Lopez-Belmonte, the blockchain lead at Richemont,
the Swiss based luxury company, owner of brands like Cartier, Montblanc, Net-
a-porter, et cetera. Pedro is currently driving the blockchain and digital
asset management strategy and roadmap for Richemont in the public and private
blockchain. He makes it possible for consumers to access products’ history and
proof of authenticity of luxury goods, from sourcing and sales all the way to
secondhand markets.

Pedro, welcome to METACO talks and thanks for accepting our invite. Thanks for
being here.



[00:00:54] **Pedro:**  Well, thank you Seamus. Thank you for having me,
pleasure.



[00:01:00] **Seamus:**  Why don’t we kick off? As I understand, your
background is as a software engineer and you’ve been in the industry for more
than 20. It would be great to hear your journey to blockchain.



[00:01:14] **Pedro:**  I don’t think it’s something out of normal. Back in
2016 I started learning about blockchain. What grabbed my attention first was
a Bitcoin, as I guess it was for everyone – this new thing, this new money
that was not regulated, and so on. I started to deep dive as well into
Ethereum from the cryptocurrency perspective. But soon after I started to
learn about NFTs and about the possibilities, and that was the real blow for
me. A technology that is able to enable ownership and provenance in the
digital world, I thought that the possibilities were limitless, were infinite.
Especially due to my professional context, I thought, this is going to be
great, hopefully. I was not wrong.

That was the journey. Soon after we started to work with blockchain technology
at the company, till today.



[00:02:37] **Seamus:**  It’s great personal journey. What’s the context of how
you are applying that in the industry use case?



[00:02:46] **Pedro:**  It’s funny because a lot of industries have been very
careful. But I think the luxury industry was very keen and very interesting
since the beginning. We started with an open mind, with an exploratory
approach, trying to find out exactly if the technology was able to deliver
what it was promising and if we would be able to leverage on the technology to
bring value to our customers and to our business, trying to tackle existing
problems. The first and foremost has been since the beginning counterfeiting,
for all the industry, and reaching those use cases with additional features
and additional value.

I think that’s where we are today. Not as a single company, but as an
industry, there is a lot of interest. The technology has already proven the
value. We have been able to explore, to learn a bit, and now we are in a
position that we can start building on the foundation that we have already
built.



[00:04:10] **Seamus:**  It’s interesting, there’s a general perception that
reasonable would be conservative branding. Luxury is by definition
conservative. At the same time, your tagline as _we craft the future_. Often
many of our guests come on around from banks, and there’s always the question
of how you innovate in a conservative organization. You seem to bring both the
conservative and the future. How do you manage the tension between the two?



[00:04:36] **Pedro:**  I don’t think it’s limited to us, but I think that’s
again an industry perspective. Each company has its own idiosyncrasy and its
own dial-up, different features or different aspects in their own way. But I
think the luxury industry has always dealt with this approach.

I find balance between conservative approach in terms of heritage, tradition,
and in terms of the image that luxury brands represent. That’s the
conservative part. In terms of the emotion, even in the products that we do,
they are highly emotional. When you go to other industries like the food
industry, it’s also very emotional but in a different way. It is very common
to buy a luxury piece, a jewel or a watch, to celebrate something. To
celebrate your kids moving from childhood to manhood, or to celebrate an
anniversary, a special event, graduation, wedding, et cetera. It’s super
emotional. This requires a lot of tradition and a kind of conservative
approach, to keep the heritage.

One the other side, we are used to innovate. In terms of industrial
manufacturing, materials processing, techniques especially in watchmaking, in
terms of the complications, all the different aspect of the watches, we’re
continuously innovating. We have the responsibility of continuously
innovating, first to keep the brand interesting and to stay ahead of the
curve. That is being shown in the fact, especially the watchmaking industry,
is subject to a lot of counterfeiting. The figures on counterfeiting are huge.
It’s not only because of the price but because of this technology innovation.

I think the industry is used to work with this dichotomy, with trying to
balance these two elements. Blockchain technology has been something not new
in that sense. It has been a new feature or new ingredient added into the
meal, and we are probably dealing with it in the same way that we deal with
other innovations. We have these continuous debate between the need to
improve, the need to evolve and to get better, and the need also to keep our
heritage.



[00:07:50] **Seamus:**  Of course. You’ve got a brand which you’ve got to
protect, and at the same time you’ve got to grow.

It’s exciting when you talked about the emotional element. When I look at all
the premiums around some of the top end brands these days, it’s almost a
little bit of like FOMO in crypto. People want to get it. You’ve got to
maintain that FOMO as a future brand. Can you get into specifics? What are
some of the public initiatives that Richemont announced in regards to
blockchain and token economy?



[00:08:19] **Pedro:**  Probably our best known initiative is the digital
certificate for watches. We started with our brand Vacheron Constantin more
than three years ago. We rolled out three years ago the first pilot,
delivering the digital certificate for watches. We basically replace the
traditional paper-based certificate with a digital token, with an NFT. It
enables authenticity. It helps the customer to prove the provenance of the
piece. But it also enables ownership. The customer has a wallet and is able to
get the digital certificate into its wallet and prove the ownership, transfer
if the customer wants to sell the piece or to give it to someone else.
Probably that’s the best known.

Today we are issuing digital certificates for all versions of watches that are
being produced. That’s a huge achievement. We have a lot of trust, and I’m
sure more brands with follow.

We have some other interesting initiatives. For example, we are using
blockchain to certify our intellectual property. Recently we have jumped into
the sexy NFT world and so on, with Panerai. Our brand Panerai announced two or
three weeks ago the release of an NFT.  These days, by the way, the
watchmaking event or the watchmaking fair, _Watches and Wonders,_  is
happening in Geneva. On Wednesday, another of our brands IWC announced another
NFT project.

We are now trying to move beyond what we have and explore new territories.



[00:10:33] **Seamus:**  The NFTs initiative sound very exciting. We have seen
NFTs have a huge impact on the art world, the collectible world, which I
suppose bridges into your space. You’ve started with the certificates, which
could be almost a three-dimensional way leveraged into the NFTs. What do you
expect the impact of NFTs to be on the luxury and fashion industry?



[00:10:57] **Pedro:**  I think NFTs will be paramount. In general, in art
world we are moving towards a deep, digital world. It’s not something new. It
has happened for more than 20 years. Amazon was started in 1995, something
like that. Since then we are moving towards a deeper digital experience, and
digital is enabling our life in many different ways.

NFTs for luxury industry is a way to enable ownership and authentication or
provenance, and transparency. We are able to use the digital certificates to
prove the authenticity of the piece. But we are also able to prove the
authenticity of the digital token, which is equally important. When we speak
about ownership in terms of tokens, we usefully see the ownership of the
customer, in our use case for example a customer owning the detail
certificate. But who has created this detail certificate is equally important.
I say that because I’m convinced that we are going to see a surge of
counterfeiting in the digital realm. There will be counterfeiters creating
fake NFTs. I think it’s super important to educate our customers, not only on
what the NFT means in terms of link with the physical piece or ownership for
themselves, but also in order to encourage them to check who has created the
NFT.

With NFT it; is very easy. With a paper-based certificate you cannot check who
has created the paper. It’s very easy to print. But a digital token is much
more difficult to falsify. The opportunity for counterfeiters is in the
illiteracy of the consumer. But if the consumer knows what to check in order
to ensure who has created the NFT, there is no option for fakes.

The NFTs are also a great way to bring something, which I have already spoken
about, the heritage of the brand, this emotional part. The digital art world
is a very interesting example, because you can add a digital piece to an NFT
and therefore you can bring provenance to this authenticity, to this piece.
You can certify who created it and who owns it. Before that, we are all been
asked to use Napster and Torrent and all the digital features. Those were
possible because in the digital world, digital assets provenance wasn’t
possible. With NFTs, it’s now possible. Now if we would bring that to the
luxury industry, we are able to add a lot of elements: pictures, videos,
documents, et cetera, that contribute to tell the history. One side, to tell
the history of the piece, of the watch or the jewel, but also to tell the
relationship between that piece and its owner. I think that’s great, because
it will represent a lot to customers.

Lastly, we’re in the latest trends of the metaverses and so on. That will also
enable the customers to really use these digital assets across different
metaverses, which I think is what’s going to be the real meat in the bone.



[00:15:08] **Seamus:**  It’s a fascinating direction and future you’re
describing. Clearly the potential is huge. What’s the role of luxury brands in
delivering these NFTs to customers? You’ve got the safe custody of these
tokens you talk about, managing the keys, the attestation. There’s removing
friction, because managing keys is not trivial. It’s getting better, but
still. Is it all of the above, or how do you prioritize these things?



[00:15:34] **Pedro:**  I think it’s all. But we need to start step-by-step. If
we cannot use the NFTs to tell the history and every touch of the piece on the
ground, and as I said, the relationship with the customer, it loses a bit of
power. That’s the side of building on top of that. That’s the side of bringing
value to the customer. At the end, it’s bringing something special to the
customer.

But then you mentioned something which I think is key, it’s paramount. That’s
the friction. The friction is an obstacle. In the digital world friction means
a lack of adoption. When we start seeing that when you ask the customer to
download yet another app in the phone, it’s like, “Okay, I have 200, now I’ve
got 201.” That’s the problem. The friction is the problem. The friction, when
we move into a setup, for example a web 3 wallet, decentralized noncustodial
wallets, is huge. For individuals like you or me who we are already in this
since a while, it’s our bread and butter. It doesn’t represent any friction.
But what sometimes professionals in this ecosystem don’t realize is that those
simple actions that we understand and that are part of our daily routines,
they represent a huge mountain to climb for the majority of the individuals in
this planet. Setting up the wallet, backing up your keys, all these elements,
they don’t understand why. They don’t understand the implications of that.

I think the role of the industry, whatever industry now, the luxury industries
as well, is to educate the customer and to help them transition from this web
2.0 to web 3.0 in many ways. In terms of managing the credentials, helping
them to use these credentials, what are they? What does it imply for them?
What are the implications for them?

For me, frictionless is paramount. In any project, if you don’t take into
consideration the friction, it might not be a failure but for sure it won’t be
a success. I think it’s our responsibility as well to help introduce our
customer base into this world in a fluid way. In that case, key management as
you have mentioned, plays a key role.



[00:18:53] **Seamus:**  Key role, no question. We’re probably both old enough
to remember the moment when the Apple came out and they all of a sudden make
computers easy. I think we’re still waiting for ‘Apple moment’ in the space,
right? I think we, as you say, as insiders we forget that it’s quite
complicated.

You made an interesting reference with a metaverse. We have people displaying
their crypto punks or their apes on their social media. How do you view the
metaverse of luxury? That’s been created now, but how do you think that’s
going to evolve?



[00:19:31] **Pedro:**  Well, I think it depends. First, when to set up the
concept of metaverse, because I think each one has their own concept of
metaverse.

There is a common belief that metaverse is these 3D digital world. Call it the
centralized arm, for example, or even call it second life. I think it is just
a manifestation of the metaverse. If we speak about the metaverse, for me the
metaverse is more a philosophy than a specific implement. The metaverse I
would say is the ability for an individual to communicate and interact with
other individuals regardless of their physical location, through digital
tools. I would abstract it in that way.

The 3D metaverses that there are today, I think they are good parts. They
provide this anonymity by representing the users with the avatars and
providing something cool, something digital, which is very flexible. What I
also like about the digital space in those 3D worlds is that the creativity is
great because you are not subject to physical world rules. The laws of physics
don’t work in there. There is a lot of potential and space for creativity to
let the imagination fly and bring some really cool experience.

But at the same time, I think there is some friction. We go back to the
friction. Either we interact through our computer or through our tablet or
mobile phone, which is a flat screen, it is already a friction. Even if we are
used to working with that, it’s not mature. If we think about the little
actions that I annoy us every day about using our iPhone or our phone or our
computer, we realize that that’s the case. Some 3D worlds also propose the
headsets, even some additional gear like gloves or whatever. While this is
super cool, it’s again another point of friction. It’s not natural to the
human being. I need to put myself into a device and interact with something.
Usually the first time you put a headset, you get a bit of dizziness or it
requires a ramp up over a few days. Then the movement, you need a room for
yourself that you’re not going to hurt yourself while you are immersed into
this experience.



[00:22:27] **Seamus:**  Like a player type of scenario.



[00:22:29] **Pedro:**  Exactly. I think first there is no single metaverse.
There are a lot of manifestations, and there is a lot of elements to come with
less friction.

I am a true believer of holograms. I think holograms have the potential to
integrate with human behavior in the most natural way. Because even if it’s an
external device, you can bring something 3D without the need of putting into
any device and so on.

That’s just my approach or my vision. But in that way I believe new
experiences will arise. If we add that into the luxury space, I think that
will happen. I’ve seen the last year a couple of initiatives to build a very
luxury metaverse I wish them the best of luck, because collaterally I have
some scheming to that. That would be great. It will be a great exploratory
work, but for the moment I don’t think they will have a lot of success. We
need to think about what luxury means: exclusivity, feeling a part of the
club. That’s why you choose one brand over another. It means a lot of things,
but for the moment I don’t see it materialized in a specific metaverse. The
current metaverses can provide some of these features, but we need some
evolution in order to integrate this metaverse experience with this luxury
heritage, with these emotional stories and relationship that that each one of
us with has all these pieces.

What I believe is that at least the features such as scarcity and exclusivity
are guaranteed not by the metaverse, which needs to evolve, but today they are
warranted by NFTs. The difference, if we look at what second life meant,
second life didn’t go mainstream in my opinion because it was lacking this
layer of ownership in their economy. They have an economy, and it was super
powerful. They were a brand doing something in second life, if you will
remember. But the experience was completely confined to that metaverse. With
the NFTs, we are able to extend the economy outside the confinement of the
metaverse. This is something that I think is the game changer.



[00:25:28] **Seamus:**  That’s a fascinating way to look at it; the
philosophical approach rather than this is our specific metaverse. I’ll have
to ask, once you get into that metaverse, however you define it, how will
people differentiate between luxury goods and mass market ones? Is that just
limited availability?



[00:25:50] **Pedro:**  Exactly. Again, with NFTs brands can leverage on them
to ensure scarcity, exclusivity, and uniqueness. It is these three elements
where brands can bring value, where brands can tell the story. There is a lot
of storytelling as well. It’s through that they can leverage on these features
to tell the story to the customer, and the customer can rely on the NFTs to
ensure the voracity of the story, to ensure the scarcity, and the exclusivity,
and also to ensure the ownership. As a customer, it doesn’t matter if I’m
enjoying my NFT in my phone, or if I go to one of these metaverses and bring
my digital version of the luxury piece with me, it’s the NFT that guarantees
that I’m the owner, and therefore I feel part of the story.

I think that’s the key value and also the game changer in terms of the digital
experience for luxury goods.



[00:27:12] **Seamus:**  Given you’re in the space, you’ll know as soon as you
create some of value it can then be fractionalized. How does that impact
exclusivity and brand maintenance?



[00:27:25] **Pedro:**  That’s a great question. We need to differentiate; not
everything can be fractionalized. If we take into account a piece of art –
which sometimes is good parallelism – or an exclusive jewel, like the tiara of
Princess Grace which was made by Cartier, the fact that it was made by
Cartier, it’s already something. But the fact that it was super special, it
was belonging to a very specific person in a specific moment of time, brings
the piece to another level. Does it makes sense to tokenize that? Maybe.

I think most of these pieces, as well as art pieces, are even now in many
countries owned by the state, are paid for by everyone’s taxes. We have the
British National Museum, the Louvre,  Museum of Prado in Spain. All of them
are paid for by taxes. It makes sense, because they tell our story as
countries, as individuals. Exactly. Does it make sense to tokenize these
elements? I think it might make sense, for example to enable some additional
stories over those pieces, or to raise funding for specific causes, or to
raise funding to take care of them better, and so on.

For unique pieces, I think it makes all the sense to tokenize. For less unique
pieces, I don’t know. Who cares about my watch? Who cares if I tokenize my
watch?



[00:29:25] **Seamus:**  Maybe your kids want a share of your watch, but
otherwise no.



[00:29:26] **Pedro:**  Exactly. What I believe is it is tokenized in a
different way. I see the tokenization of elements in two ways. We can issue a
single token over a piece for utility proposes. For example, who can care
about my watch? My insurance company, for example, will care about my token of
the watch, because it helps them to check that what I’ve declared is true
because the token has been created by a company. Or something which is now
trendy in the DeFi space, if I want to use my watch as a collateral for a
loan, with the token we can remove friction and articulate it faster and
better.

Then we have the other way of tokenizing things. Multiple tokens, multiple
ownership, and maybe not tokenizing 10%, of the piece, which I think belongs
more to these unique pieces, these unique tiaras or jewels or pieces of art.
That’s becoming part of a community, it’s a complete different experience. I
think both of them have a place in the space.



[00:30:47] **Seamus:**  You touched on something, once the value gets tied to
a digital token, then the digital token to a degree defines the value of the
real world asset. But you can leverage in a DeFi and everything else that
comes. Fascinating.

We don’t have much time, but there’s a couple more questions I wanted to touch
on. Can I step in a way from this very interesting topic? I’m ignoring some
questions here unfortunately, because we wanted to go to some other things.
But I’d love to have you talk about NFTs again. From a corporate perspective,
given you’re already looking at tokens from the client side, internally are
you looking at exploring use cases, things like stable coins, the balance
sheet, payments, treasury, this types of thing? Is that something that’s a
topic of discussion at the corporate level?



[00:31:28] **Pedro:**  We are looking at different things. I cannot speak to
what we are specifically looking into. But from a general perspective my
opinion is that specifically on the DeFi and on the stable coins, the action
has happened in the banking industry. It has been either the traditional
banks, or these new banks or startups trying to make the industry more
dynamic. I think we are doing a good job. If we moved to traditional
industries outside the banking one, I think it’s a matter of time that all the
industries or the companies to start to have stable coins and crypto in their
balance sheets.

What I think needs to happen and it has not happened yet, is regulation. This
will be enabled by regulation. Today regulation is very clear with Fiat
currencies, with the traditional book and account keeping. You need to do KYC
process, AML processes. It’s super regulated for traditional assets, but it’s
not that clear yet for stable coin assets. It has started to happen, but  I
think companies and especially finance teams want to jump into that, but they
don’t see very clear regulation, and especially for multinational companies,
very clear regularly globally. That needs to happen; regulation needs to
happen.

But clearly everyone is looking into a lot of different aspects of the
technology, and in my opinion it’s just a matter of time. I’m not a finance
expert, but I think stable coins specifically opens up a lot of possibilities
for companies.



[00:33:38] **Seamus:**  I know we touched a little bit about the frictions
earlier. There’s always that expression in the market, _not your keys, not
your assets, not your certificates and not your NFTs_.

Any advice for companies that are looking at the space, but that might not be
experts around cryptography and key management, how to build a solution in a
safe and scalable way?



[00:33:54] **Pedro:**  Here I will put my hat off an individual crypto geek,
and I will endorse 100% the _not your keys, not your assets_  statement.

I think it’s part of this philosophical approach to understand what are the
implications of that. It’s a huge change in terms of mindset. It’s a model
change coming from this traditional centralized management to this
decentralized approach. It gives us freedom, but also it gives us a
responsibility. It comes with the responsibility of doing our due diligence
and our duty to manage our responsibility. In that way, there is a lot of
friction.

My recommendation when a company wants to jump into this world, they need to
think very clearly. If a company we propose something into WEB 3.0 which is
non-custodial, it will be very much aligned with blockchain and decentralized
best practices, but it will have a lot of friction. As we said before, it will
be great for crypto geeks, a tiny fraction of the world population, but it
wouldn’t be great for the rest of us.

In my opinion, I see in the future a non-custodial world in terms of key
management. But we are not there yet. Now we need to think about a transition.
Crypto geeks are there to be as the beacon of where we want to go. But I put
my hat of a professional in the industry, I advocate for flexibility, for
openness maybe, to give our customers the chance of having on one side a non-
custodial way of managing their assets for those who feel comfortable with,
but provide a custodial way for most of our customers, which for the moment
they don’t know anything.

I always call this the test of the mother. If my mother knows how to do it
swiftly, then it will work. If not, there is a lot of friction.

Custodial approach and key management by companies in this very moment, is the
door to open crypto to the main street. I have to say that it cannot be done
in any way. I see these days a lot of people, what they propose is the
traditional web 2. 0 approach. Yes, there are some keys behind, but how are
these keys managed? Does the company have access to that? Can they operate the
company through these keys without the consent of the user? I think the setup
is key.

What I think and what we propose as Vacheron Constantin, is a way of helping
the customers to transition softly into web 3.0. The proposal is open, so they
have a full web 3.0 way to manage that, or they have custodial approach. It
makes things easier and frictionless for them, but at the same time we manage
their keys, but we manage their keys in a way that there is no way that anyone
within the company can operate the keys on behalf of a specific user. There is
no way. I’m not going to enter into the details, but I can guarantee that we
have done a huge effort to design a system that first matches with this
approach, we call it web 2.5, and then in the future we are ready to segregate
keys to our customers whenever they are ready. Not the future, in the present
we can do it.

I think that’s a good approach. My recommendation to any company would be to
try to get this approach. Try to understand first what the non-custodial
approach implies, and try to think about the best way to provide a custodial
experience which is meaningful.



[00:38:49] **Seamus:**  I think it’s a great approach. Philosophically, we
have the same approach to the future, based on the idea that people will more
than likely want externalize to a custodian just because it’s easier, but also
have the option to be able to take control of your keys for whatever reason
you want.

Pedro, it’s been super interesting. I think we made a mistake, for this
episode we should’ve made it an hour. I have a lot of topics to cover, I
couldn’t even get to the questions. This has been the most questions we’ve had
in an episode. I apologize to all those who submitted questions.

It’s been a real pleasure to have you here today at METACO Talks, thanks for
your time. Did you have anything, any parting words, last things you want to
say before we sign off?



[00:39:28] **Pedro:**  I would say _not your keys, not your crypto_ , for
example, but in the meantime give also a space for people that don’t feel
comfortable with that, and maybe they are not prepared to get into the crypto
ecosystem in a softer way. The thing that all of us need to take in common is
to do our due diligence. Now it is the web 3.0. Beyond key management implies
each individual needs to do due diligence. The responsibility is not of a
third party right now. It’s starting to rely on ourselves. That would be my
recommendation.



[00:40:16] **Seamus:**  Thanks for that. Thanks, Pedro. Everybody, thank you
for joining us today. I hope everybody enjoyed METACO Talks. I certainly did.
It’s been one of the most interesting conversations we’ve had. We’ll be back
in a few weeks, and until then have a great week and great weekend ahead.
Don’t forget, all of this will be available as a recording on
[www.metaco.com/talks](https://www.metaco.com/talks), and most of your
favorite outlets as well. Thanks for joining today and see you next time.



[00:40:39] **Pedro:**  Thank you for having me, and have a good day.

  * [![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/01/spotify.png?x88149)](https://open.spotify.com/show/0IiI7iftR3F3RqinfJbpRT)
  * [![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/01/apple-podcasts.png?x88149)](https://podcasts.apple.com/us/podcast/metaco-talks-crypto-podcast-on-building-the-future/id1542371076?uo=4)
  * [![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/01/google-podcasts.png?x88149)](https://podcasts.google.com/feed/aHR0cHM6Ly9hbmNob3IuZm0vcy80MWY2MzA3NC9wb2RjYXN0L3Jzcw==)

![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/footer.png?x88149)

## **Explore** more

  * ![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/01/mt-speaker_ep-44-square-640x640.png?x88149)

[Talks](https://www.metaco.com/category/talks/)

February 6, 2024

[David Riegelnig (Rulematch)Digital Asset Trading Tailored to the Needs of
Financial Institutions](https://www.metaco.com/talks/rulematch-institutional-
digital-asset-trading/ "Digital Asset Trading Tailored to the Needs of
Financial Institutions")

  * ![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/12/mt-speaker_ep-43-square_dark-blue-640x640.png?x88149)

[Talks](https://www.metaco.com/category/talks/)

January 11, 2024

[Rajeev Tummala (HSBC Securities Services)The institutional value-chain of
tokenized securities](https://www.metaco.com/talks/institutional-value-chain-
tokenized-securities-rajeev-tummala-hsbc/ "The institutional value-chain of
tokenized securities")

  * ![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/11/mt-speaker_ep-42_light-blue-square-640x640.png?x88149)

[Talks](https://www.metaco.com/category/talks/)

November 14, 2023

[Angela Itzikowitz (ENS Africa) and Ashveen Gopee (PWC Mauritius)The Digital
Asset Ecosystem in Mauritius and South
Africa](https://www.metaco.com/talks/da-ecosystem-mauritius-south-africa-
aitzikowitz-agoppee/ "The Digital Asset Ecosystem in Mauritius and South
Africa")

[![Metaco](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/logo-w.svg?x88149)](https://www.metaco.com)

  * [Solutions](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/)
    * [Global Custodians](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/global-custodians-top-tier-banks/)
    * [Universal Banks](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/universal-banks/)
    * [Neobanks & Fintechs](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/neobanks-fintechs/)
    * [Regulated Exchanges](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/regulated-exchanges/)
    * [Corporates](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/corporates/)
  * [Platform](https://www.metaco.com/platform/)
    * [Harmonize™](https://www.metaco.com/platform/harmonize/)
    * [Custody](https://www.metaco.com/platform/custody/)
    * [Trading](https://www.metaco.com/platform/trading/)
    * [Web3](https://www.metaco.com/platform/web3/)
    * [Governance](https://www.metaco.com/platform/governance/)
    * [Orchestration](https://www.metaco.com/platform/orchestration/)
    * [Tokenization](https://www.metaco.com/platform/tokenization/)
    * [Integration](https://www.metaco.com/platform/integration/)
    * [Security](https://www.metaco.com/platform/security/)
  * [Company](https://www.metaco.com/company/media-coverage-press-releases/)
    * [About](https://www.metaco.com/company/about/)
    * [Media & news](https://www.metaco.com/company/media-coverage-press-releases/)
    * [Jobs](https://www.metaco.com/jobs/)
  * [Resources](https://www.metaco.com/resources/)
    * [Talks](https://www.metaco.com/resources/talks/)
    * [Webinars](https://www.metaco.com/resources/webinars/)
    * [Case studies](https://www.metaco.com/resources/case-studies/)
    * [Reports](https://www.metaco.com/resources/reports/)
    * [Blog](https://www.metaco.com/resources/blog/)

![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/10/sco2.png?x88149)![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/10/iso27001.png?x88149)

  * [__](https://www.twitter.com/metaco_sa "Twitter: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")
  * [__](https://www.linkedin.com/company/metaco-ag/ "Linkedin: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")
  * [__](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC4MLOKnJD9bXfHVXMnHM7ow "Youtube: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")
  * [__](https://open.spotify.com/show/0IiI7iftR3F3RqinfJbpRT "Spotify: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")

© 2015-2024 - Metaco SA - All Rights Reserved |[ Terms & Conditions](https://www.metaco.com/terms-conditions/) | [Privacy Policy](https://www.metaco.com/privacy-policy/) | [Cookie policy](https://www.metaco.com/cookie-policy/)

Metaco | The digital asset core system

869 subscribers

[Crafting Luxury Goods for the Metaverse w/ Pedro LOPEZ-BELMONTE [METACO TALKS
#31]](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xhIxTRWdLbA)

[]()

Metaco | The digital asset core system

Search

Watch later

Share

Copy link

Info

Shopping

Tap to unmute

If playback doesn't begin shortly, try restarting your device.

More videos

## More videos

Share

Include playlist

An error occurred while retrieving sharing information. Please try again
later.

[Watch
on](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xhIxTRWdLbA&embeds_referring_euri=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.metaco.com%2F&feature=emb_imp_woyt)

0:00

0:00 / 42:34•Live

•

[](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xhIxTRWdLbA "Watch on YouTube")

# An error occurred.

[Try watching this video on
www.youtube.com](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xhIxTRWdLbA), or enable
JavaScript if it is disabled in your browser.

