[ New: Wallet recovery made easy with Ledger Recover, provided by Coincover
Get started ](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-recover)

[ ![Ledger Academy](https://www.ledger.com/wp-
content/themes/ledger-v2/public/images/ledger-academy-logo-long.svg)
](https://www.ledger.com/academy "Ledger Academy")

  * [ Shop Ledger ](https://shop.ledger.com/)
  * [ Learn and earn  ](https://quest.ledger.com)
  * [ Search __](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library)
  * [ Crypto Glossary ](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary)
  * Topics
    * [Blockchain](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/blockchain)
    * [Crypto](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/crypto)
    * [DAOs](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/daos)
    * [DeFi](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/defi)
    * [Economics and Regulation](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/economics-and-regulation)
    * [Ledger solutions](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/ledgersolutions)
    * [Metaverse](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/metaverse)
    * [NFTs](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/nfts)
    * [Scams](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/scams)
    * [Security](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/security)
    * [Tutorials](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/tutorials)
  * Series
    * [Enter The Donjon](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/enter-the-donjon)
    * [How I Got Hacked](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/how-i-got-hacked)
    * [Keep Your Crypto Safe](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/get-your-crypto-safe)
    * [Ledger How To's](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/ledger-how-tos)
    * [On The Ledger](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/on-the-ledger)
    * [Reading Room](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/reading-room)
    * [School of Block](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/school-of-block)
  * [Start learning](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-web-30-everything-you-need-to-know)
  * English
    * This page is available in English only

  * The Classroom __
    * A) Welcome to Web3
      * [What is Web 3.0?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-web-30-everything-you-need-to-know "What is Web 3.0?")
      * [What Is Blockchain?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-blockchain "What Is Blockchain?")
      * [Blockchain: Where It Started, Where It’s Going](https://www.ledger.com/academy/blockchain-generations-explained "Blockchain: Where It Started, Where It’s Going")
      * [What Is Cryptocurrency?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-cryptocurrency "What Is Cryptocurrency?")
      * [How Many Cryptocurrencies Are There?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/how-many-cryptos-are-there "How Many Cryptocurrencies Are There?")
    * B) How to secure your crypto
      * [What Is a Private Key?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/whats-a-private-key "What Is a Private Key?")
      * [What Is a Crypto Wallet?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/2-how-to-own-crypto/what-is-a-crypto-wallet "What Is a Crypto Wallet?")
      * [What is a Seed Phrase (Secret Recovery Phrase)?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/2-how-to-own-crypto/whats-a-secret-recovery-phrase "What is a Seed Phrase \(Secret Recovery Phrase\)?")
      * [Crypto Threats: How Crypto Gets Stolen](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/2-how-to-own-crypto/how-crypto-gets-stolen-risks-to-beware-of "Crypto Threats: How Crypto Gets Stolen")
    * C) What is Ledger?
      * [What is Ledger? The Ledger Ecosystem Explained](https://www.ledger.com/academy/ledger-nano-the-safest-way-to-manage-crypto "What is Ledger? The Ledger Ecosystem Explained")
      * [Ledger’s Security Model: How Are Ledger Devices Secured?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/ledgers-ecosystem/why-is-ledger-nano-so-secure "Ledger’s Security Model: How Are Ledger Devices Secured?")
      * [Ledger Live App: Buy, Sell, Stake and Swap Crypto](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/ledgers-ecosystem/ledger-live-app-buying-selling-staking-and-swapping-crypto "Ledger Live App: Buy, Sell, Stake and Swap Crypto")
    * D) Web3 security essentials
      * [Web3 Scams: Common Crypto Scams and How To Avoid Them](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/web3-security-essentials/web3-scams-explained "Web3 Scams: Common Crypto Scams and How To Avoid Them")
      * [Do Your Own Research (DYOR): How to Investigate Crypto Projects](https://www.ledger.com/academy/do-your-own-research-how-to-investigate-crypto-projects "Do Your Own Research \(DYOR\): How to Investigate Crypto Projects")
      * [How to Migrate Your Crypto to Ledger](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/web3-security-essentials/how-to-secure-your-crypto-on-a-ledger-nano "How to Migrate Your Crypto to Ledger")
    * E) Digital Assets Explained
      * [Crypto Coins and Tokens: Their Use-Cases Explained](https://www.ledger.com/academy/crypto/what-is-the-difference-between-coins-and-tokens "Crypto Coins and Tokens: Their Use-Cases Explained")
      * [What Are Stablecoins?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-are-stablecoins "What Are Stablecoins?")
      * [What Are Memecoins?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-are-memecoins "What Are Memecoins?")
      * [Digital Assets Beyond Currency](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/blockchain/digital-assets-beyond-currency-explained "Digital Assets Beyond Currency")
    * F) Blockchain Basics
      * [How Does a Blockchain Transaction Work?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/how-does-a-blockchain-transaction-work "How Does a Blockchain Transaction Work?")
      * [Crypto Nodes: What Are They And How Do They Work?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-a-node-and-why-should-i-operate-one "Crypto Nodes: What Are They And How Do They Work?")
      * [What Is a Mempool?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-a-mempool "What Is a Mempool?")
      * [Consensus Mechanisms: How Blockchains Stay Secure](https://www.ledger.com/academy/consensus-protocols-how-are-blockchains-secure "Consensus Mechanisms: How Blockchains Stay Secure")
    * G) Wallet Knowledge (Leveling Up)
      * [What Is a Software Wallet?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/what-is-a-software-wallet "What Is a Software Wallet?")
      * [What Is a Hardware Wallet?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/crypto-hardware-wallet "What Is a Hardware Wallet?")
      * [What Is a Cold Wallet?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/what-is-a-cold-wallet "What Is a Cold Wallet?")
      * [How To Choose a Crypto Wallet](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/choose-the-best-crypto-wallet-for-you "How To Choose a Crypto Wallet")
    * H) Buy it, Sell it, Swap it, Earn it
      * [Why Use Ledger Live For Payments and Transactions?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/the-power-of-ledger-live "Why Use Ledger Live For Payments and Transactions?")
      * [Buying Crypto Through Ledger Live](https://www.ledger.com/academy/benefits-of-buying-crypto-through-ledger-live "Buying Crypto Through Ledger Live")
      * [How To Swap Your Crypto Securely Via Ledger Live](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/ledgersolutions/ledger-swap-the-most-secure-way-to-exchange-your-crypto "How To Swap Your Crypto Securely Via Ledger Live")
      * [Earn Crypto With Ledger Live: Staking Made Easy](https://www.ledger.com/academy/earn-crypto-with-ledger-live-staking-made-easy "Earn Crypto With Ledger Live: Staking Made Easy")
    * I) Blockchain Sleuthing: Become a Crypto Detective
      * [What is a Blockchain Sleuth?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/what-is-a-blockchain-sleuth "What is a Blockchain Sleuth?")
      * [Top Blockchain Sleuths: How 5 Crypto Detectives Rose To Fame](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/top-blockchain-sleuths "Top Blockchain Sleuths: How 5 Crypto Detectives Rose To Fame")
      * [Through the Eyes of a Sleuth: The Nomad Bridge Hack](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/nomad-bridge-hack "Through the Eyes of a Sleuth: The Nomad Bridge Hack")
      * [Best Tools For Blockchain Detectives](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/blockchain-detective-tools "Best Tools For Blockchain Detectives")
      * [How to Catch Criminals on the Blockchain](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/how-to-catch-crypto-criminals "How to Catch Criminals on the Blockchain")
    * J) Wallet Knowledge II - The Evolution of Crypto Storage
      * [Public Vs Private Keys: Understanding PKC in Crypto](https://www.ledger.com/academy/blockchain/what-are-public-keys-and-private-keys "Public Vs Private Keys: Understanding PKC in Crypto")
      * [BIP-32: Understanding Hierarchical Deterministic Wallets](https://www.ledger.com/academy/crypto/what-are-hierarchical-deterministic-hd-wallets "BIP-32: Understanding Hierarchical Deterministic Wallets")
      * [Understanding BIP-39: The Origin of Your Seed Phrase](https://www.ledger.com/academy/bip-39-the-low-key-guardian-of-your-crypto-freedom "Understanding BIP-39: The Origin of Your Seed Phrase")
      * [How Does A Crypto Wallet Work?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/how-does-a-crypto-wallet-work "How Does A Crypto Wallet Work?")
  * Topics __
    * [Blockchain](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/blockchain "Blockchain")
    * [Crypto](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/crypto "Crypto")
    * [DAOs](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/daos "DAOs")
    * [DeFi](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/defi "DeFi")
    * [Economics and Regulation](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/economics-and-regulation "Economics and Regulation")
    * [Ledger solutions](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/ledgersolutions "Ledger solutions")
    * [Metaverse](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/metaverse "Metaverse")
    * [NFTs](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/nfts "NFTs")
    * [Scams](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/scams "Scams")
    * [Security](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/security "Security")
    * [Tutorials](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/tutorials "Tutorials")
  * Series __
    * [Enter The Donjon](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/enter-the-donjon "Enter The Donjon")
    * [How I Got Hacked](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/how-i-got-hacked "How I Got Hacked")
    * [Keep Your Crypto Safe](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/get-your-crypto-safe "Keep Your Crypto Safe")
    * [Ledger How To's](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/ledger-how-tos "Ledger How To's")
    * [On The Ledger](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/on-the-ledger "On The Ledger")
    * [Reading Room](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/reading-room "Reading Room")
    * [School of Block](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/school-of-block "School of Block")
  * [ Shop Ledger ](https://shop.ledger.com/ "Shop Ledger")
  * [ Learn and earn  ](https://quest.ledger.com "Learn and earn")
  * [ Search __](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library "Search")
  * [ Crypto Glossary ](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary "Crypto Glossary")
  * English
    * This page is available in English only

### Up your Web3 game

## Ledger Academy Quests

  * __ Test your knowledge
  * __ Earn POK NFTs

[Play now](https://quest.ledger.com "Play now") [See all
quests](https://quest.ledger.com/quests "See all quests")

[__](https://www.youtube.com/Ledger "Ledger
Youtube")[__](https://twitter.com/Ledger "Ledger
Twitter")[__](https://www.reddit.com/r/ledgerwallet/ "Ledger
Reddit")[__](https://www.facebook.com/Ledger/ "Ledger
Facebook")[__](https://www.linkedin.com/company/ledgerhq "Ledger LinkedIn")

  * [Ledger Academy ](https://www.ledger.com/academy "Ledger Academy ") __
  * E) Digital Assets Explained __
  * ... __
  * What Are Memecoins?

The Classroom

PATHWAY E) Digital Assets Explained

chapter 3/4

# What Are Memecoins?

Jul 12, 2023 | **Updated Mar 18, 2024**

__Read 11 min

Beginner

SHARE

[](https://www.instagram.com/ledger
"Instagram")[](https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?u=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fwhat-
are-memecoins
"Facebook")[](http://twitter.com/intent/tweet?via=ledger&text=What%20Are%20Memecoins%3F&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fwhat-
are-memecoins "Twitter")[](https://www.linkedin.com/sharing/share-
offsite/?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fwhat-are-memecoins
"Linkedin")[](http://reddit.com/submit?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fwhat-
are-memecoins&title=What%20Are%20Memecoins%3F "Reddit")

![BOOK WITH PAGES](https://www.ledger.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/09/11_Classroom_Cover_Main-1024x432.jpg) KEY TAKEAWAYS:  
---  
— Memecoins are either coins or tokens that base their marketing on a specific
meme or trend.  
  
— Memecoins tend not to have utility, meaning their prices are extremely
volatile. However, some memecoins gain utility from their communities.  
  
— Buying memecoins is inherently risky, but exercising good security practices
can help you mitigate some of them.  
  
Memecoins: The digital assets of a digital generation are still having their
moment. These blockchain assets are the result of internet culture, something
which crypto is inherently intertwined with. Naturally, web2 and web3 have a
considerable overlap when it comes to culture, and so memes play a massive
part in the crypto ecosystem.

With so many assets relying on trends, memes have become a huge part of crypto
culture, and as such memecoins have become an integral part of the space.
Memecoins, also called “[shit
coins](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/shitcoin)” may have started as
a satirical and frivolous joke, but now they actually attract serious traders,
believe it or not.

They don’t offer much in the way of solid use cases. In fact, they often don’t
offer much at all. However, these assets brighten up blockchain with their fun
and lighthearted nature. And some get much further than you might expect.

You might be thinking, “How do I buy into them before they skyrocket”? And you
wouldn’t be the first. But before you start thinking about “generational
wealth”, it’s important to note that most memecoins fade into irrelevance
along with their corresponding trend. Buying memecoins is incredibly risky and
something you should only attempt armed with research and experience.

So, without further ado let’s dive into how memecoins go from meme to
meaningful. But before we get there, let’s attack the basics. In fact, what
are memecoins exactly?

## What Is a Memecoin?

In simple terms, a memecoin is a type of
[cryptocurrency](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-cryptocurrency)
inspired by or promoted using a popular internet meme. But there’s a bit more
to it than that. While the primary purpose of memecoins is simply for a laugh,
some have branched out to build a whole ecosystem.

Yes—it’s possible to create a whole blockchain project out of a meme. Put
simply, Internet culture and blockchain tech are intertwined. In fact, it’s
rather difficult to know about one and not the other so their audiences share
some overlap. This means that coins and tokens inspired by memes can gain a
significant following. Their whimsical nature and low entry points mean that
brave traders use them as a vehicle for profit. But take note, this is not a
given!

It’s important to note that memecoins are incredibly volatile, and their
prices are typically driven purely by speculation.  Plus, memecoins famously
have no utility or purpose past that speculation, which may not be the best
choice for your hard-earned cash.

But before we dive into their key features, let’s explore the history of
memecoins so you know where the whole craze started.

## The History of Memecoins

To understand their history, let’s start with the first memecoin in existence:
DogeCoin. Dogecoin was created in 2013 by software engineers Shibetoshi
Nakamoto (aka Billy Markus) and Jackson Palmer. However, these developers
orchestrated the coin’s launch rather differently than other coins on the
market at the time. They marketed Doge as a playful and satirical answer to
cryptocurrencies like [Bitcoin](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-
bitcoin). While Bitcoin was serious, and focused purely on being secure,
Dogecoin started as a joke—sort of like crypto counter-culture.

See, the biggest and most popular meme of 2013 was the “Doge” meme.  If you’re
too young to remember, it was essentially a meme format involving a very
expressive-looking pet Shiba Inu dog. Often the comic sans attached captions
would include cute and wholesome jokes about how an adorable pet dog might
react to something. The format was so popular it was dubbed one of the best
memes of the 2010s, and it still remains one of the most memorable memes to
this day.

Due to this strong cult following, DOGE also quickly gained a dedicated
community. Then the next wave of popularity came when non-crypto natives
started to notice Dogecoin too. For example, in 2014 the Dogecoin Foundation
raised $30,000 to send the real Jamaican Bobsleigh team to the Winter
Olympics. Then for the next (almost) 10 years following, this Doge meme would
span across the world; ending up on phones, keyrings—and possibly most
notably— all over the internet.

The pivotal moment for Dogecoin arrived with celebrity endorsements, notably
from Elon Musk. Musk’s tweets referencing Dogecoin propelled its popularity
and market value. As a result, in May 2021, DOGE reached an astonishing $88
billion market cap.

Following Dogecoin’s success, numerous other memecoins flooded the market.  A
good example of this is Shiba Inu (SHIB), which used the very same meme as
Dogecoin and positioned itself as its rival. Despite not being the first, Shib
experienced substantial growth, achieving a market cap of $41 billion in
October 2021. Since then, many memecoins have tried their luck with the
market, from WOJAK down to the more recent PEPE.

However, not all memecoins are as successful as DOGE or PEPE, no matter what
“generational wealth” their marketers claim to offer. So what makes them all
memecoins? Let’s take a look at some of their common features.

## Common Features of Memecoins

While some memecoins can seem different from others, and many of them are,
they tend to have a few key features in common. If you want to correctly
identify a memecoin from a regular coin, here are a few things you might want
to know.

### Memecoins Come From Memes

It may seem obvious, but it can’t go without mentioning that memecoins must be
based on a meme. But thanks to internet culture, there are plenty to choose
from. Since people from all over the world can see the same news, at the same
time, they benefit from globally shared experiences. Put simply; internet
memes are born from these experiences. Don’t be fooled by their humor though.
Although they may seem frivolous, memes hold a lot of power over people.

### Memecoins Are Cheap

Memecoins usually have a low entry price. For example, buying a single coin of
any of the top five memecoins won’t cost you more than $0.10. The idea is: If
you get in early, you can make “generational wealth” if they skyrocket.
However, most memecoins do not achieve this status. So, while their marketing
team may suggest otherwise, you should always exercise caution before buying
in.

### Memecoins Don’t Have Utility…By Design

Memecoins don’t tend to have utility, at least at the point of their creation.
Instead, they rely purely on the power of that meme. Unfortunately, this puts
the coin at the mercy of a trend and how long it stays relevant. If it falls
out of fashion, so does the coin’s use, and that never bodes well for its
price.

On the other hand, many memecoins gain their utility from their communities.
This means holders often create novel use cases, such as accepting the
currency in businesses or [blockchain
games](https://www.ledger.com/academy/nfts/what-is-play-to-earn). Don’t see
this as a key feature, though. Most memecoins are designed to feed off the
hype of a meme and are happily serving that purpose.

## Most Popular Memecoins in 2024

So now you know what memecoins are and some of their common features, what
about the most popular memecoins today? Well, there are many more to choose
from than what you see in this list, but knowing about these three coins will
certainly give you a good basic understanding of how these assets work.

### **1\. DOGE**

Although already mentioned, a list of memecoins is not complete without
Dogecoin. Launched in December 2013, it has a current market cap of $8.77
billion USD—Not too bad for a coin representing a joke. DOGE’s circulating
supply currently sits at 139.96 billion and it has no max supply. To learn
more, make sure you check out the full article on [what dogecoin
is](https://www.ledger.com/academy/the-backstory-dogecoin).

### **2\. SHIB**

Like Dogecoin, SHIB is inspired by the Doge meme, but it launched much later,
in August 2020. Despite that, it gained attention for its decentralized
ecosystem and community-driven approach and now boasts a market cap of $4.227
billion USD. Like Doge, Shib also has no max supply but there are currently
589.35 trillion coins in circulation so far. If you decide to buy $SHIB,
luckily Ledger has a dedicated [Shib
wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/shiba-inu) you can try!

### **3\. PEPE**

Pepe launched in April of 2023. Unlike most memecoins, PEPE managed to launch
in a bear market and still reach a market cap of $556 million. That puts it
firmly in the top three memecoins by market cap, knocking (yet another) dog-
inspired memecoin FLOKI off its spot. Unlike many memecoins, Pepe has a max
supply of 420.69 trillion, of which 391.79 trillion is currently circulating.
That’s already over 93%! If you want to buy $PEPE, you’ll need to have an
Ethereum wallet. That’s because PEPE is an Ethereum token, more specifically
an [ERC-20](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/what-are-erc-20-tokens)
token.

### **4\. WIF**

Dogwifhat launched in November 2023 on the Solana network. In the true spirit
of a memecoin, WIF’s mascot is a dog wearing a hat; something both cute and
entertaining. As you’d expect, there’s no utility: the official website states
the token is “literally just a dog wif a hat”. Despite that, it’s already seen
a huge amount of price action, increasing its value by 1,150% since launching.
Since then it has also inspired many other Solana memecoins, contributing
heavily to the 2024 Solana memecoin meta.

### **5\. BONK**

Bonk is a Solana memecoin that launched in December 2023. It blasted onto the
scene primarily due to its well-thought-out marketing tactics, airdropping the
token for free to a range of Solana wallets that had helped the system expand
in some way. These airdrop recipients included Solana developers, NFT artists,
whales, and active community members. Its aim, laid out in its whitepaper, is
to become the “community coin of Solana”, offering itself up as a medium of
exchange in decentralized apps and Solana-based projects. In line with this
aim, the creators airdropped a massive 50% of its total supply at launch,
allowing the community control over the coin’s future. In 2023 alone, its
price skyrocketed by an incredible 10,000%. As a result, it’s now the second
most popular Solana memecoin, ranking just below $WIF.

## Risks of Buying Memecoins

Like buying any cryptocurrency, memecoins come with their own risks. So what
are those risks exactly?

### Volatility

First and foremost, memecoin prices can fluctuate massively. In fact, most
bleed to absolute zero. Make no mistake—their prices are completely subject to
speculation.

For example, if there’s a coordinated marketing effort, prices can skyrocket.
However, this can also cause further volatility. New buyers try to enter and
professional traders start trying to cash in on price swings. In most cases,
those who “got in early”, dump large amounts of the coin on new unsuspecting
buyers at a high price. Then the coin crashes in line with its demand and one
party will lose out.

Unfortunately, this isn’t always unintentional. Although highly illegal in
most countries, “[pump and dump](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-a-
pump-and-dump-in-crypto)” groups exist to cash in on coins by artificially
increasing their prices. To explain, they coordinate a group to buy a coin at
once to inflate the price. Then the idea is to sell while the price is high
and exit the trade at a coordinated time with the group. This action drains
the coin’s liquidity, which crashes the price. Essentially it means any new
buyer outside of the pump and dump group loses out.

### Untrustworthy Founders

Sometimes, the people causing this volatility are the founders themselves.
Even investing in well-known NFT and crypto influencers comes with its own
risk. For example, memecoin $PSYOP, by NFT influencer Ben.eth, was marred by
presale issues. Despite capturing attention and receiving $7 million in ETH,
the community became concerned over allocation. To clarify, Ben.eth held 90%
of the tokens, and thus criticism and backlash followed. In fact, it even
instigated a [potential class-action
lawsuit](https://cointelegraph.com/news/ben-eth-psyop-memetokens-face-legal-
sec-scrutiny) against him demanding the return of presale funds.

Influencers aside, many memecoin creators are anonymous. As a result, it’s
difficult to determine who is genuine, and who is looking to make a quick
buck. Thus, it’s actually incredibly easy for bad actors to launch a coin,
drain its liquidity and never look back. This is one of the most common scams
in crypto, more often called a “[rug
pull](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-a-rug-pull)”.

### Improper Legal or Technical Specifics

Checking the legal and technical specifics of a project is also important too.

For example, each memecoin is only as secure as the [smart
contract](https://www.ledger.com/academy/blockchain/what-is-a-smart-contract)
or blockchain that supports it. That means you should always be wary of risks
such as honeypot scams, which trap investors with no means to sell. Of course,
there are even less malicious smart contract risks, such as bugs, which could
prevent the coin from functioning correctly. That’s why checking the tech
specifics of a coin is so important.

Beyond that, you must also check that the owner of the coin has permission
from the meme’s original owner.  A good example of a project that didn’t is
the more recent memecoin, Grumpy Cat coin. To explain, the founders behind
Grumpy Cat Coin did not seek approval from the meme’s original creator. This
meant that the [original creator took legal action against the
coin](https://nftevening.com/grumpy-cat-strikes-back-creator-sends-cease-and-
desist-nft-to-memecoin-issuer/) leading to a harsh fall in price. This is just
one example of something that could go wrong—and there are countless others.

## Before You Buy Memecoins

Before we explain how you can buy memecoins, we must stress the importance of
doing your own research. Memecoins, in particular, can be highly volatile and
speculative. So you might want to do your homework before buying anything.

Start your research with a coin’s founders and roadmap. Will they introduce
utility? Have the founders launched projects before? Looking into the
founder’s past and checking if the project has the correct legal documentation
can help you avoid unnecessary risk before considering buying a memecoin.

Beyond that, understanding a token’s maximum supply, allocation, and
tokenomics will put you ahead of a significant portion of the market. If
you’re already a technical whizz, read the smart contract details before you
jump in. If you’re less technical, look at [block
explorers](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/blockchain/etherscan-what-is-
it-and-how-to-use-it) and online forums to see what others are saying about
the coin’s specifics.

The bottom line is, even if you think a memecoin has a great founder and
fantastic tokenomics, you should never buy more than you can afford. Not every
cryptocurrency will appreciate in price, and you could easily lose it all.
These assets are purely speculative, which means buying them is risky.

## How To Buy Memecoins

If you do decide to buy memecoins knowing the risk involved, there are two
main ways to do it with a Ledger device:

### Option One: Buy DOGE or SHIB directly through Ledger Live

You can ensure the safety and ownership of your Dogecoin by using a Ledger
hardware wallet. This hardware wallet provides secure storage and
accessibility. Plus, you retain full control over your coins. Once you have
your hardware wallet, use the [Ledger Live app to purchase
Dogecoin](https://www.ledger.com/buy/dogecoin). Through this app, you can
manage your crypto assets, including the option to buy Dogecoin directly from
a buy provider. Using a hardware wallet, you can automatically secure your
Dogecoin. Alternatively, you can purchase Dogecoin from other platforms and
safeguard it using your hardware wallet.

### Option Two: Swap your existing crypto through Ledger Live Swap Providers

One of the best and most secure ways to get your hands on some memecoins is
via the Swap tab in Ledger Live. To explain, Ledger’s Swap providers support
many of the top memecoins and the list is still growing.

To swap your crypto for memecoins, navigate to the Swap tab and choose a
provider, such as Paraswap or 1Inch. From there, you should be able to swap
your existing crypto for any memecoin you like. As you will access your chosen
platform via Ledger Live, you will also benefit from its clear signing
plugins. That means you can be confident in signing your transactions: knowing
you are connecting to the correct platform and being able to read your
transaction in human-readable language.

### Option Three: Connect your Ledger to a third-party wallet to buy memecoins
securely

If you want to buy your memecoins on a third-party wallet (like MetaMask) then
you can do this safely with Ledger. [Connect your Ledger device to a third-
party wallet](https://www.ledger.com/academy/hardwarewallet/ledger-and-third-
party-wallets) to access the wider crypto ecosystem without forfeiting custody
of your assets.

For Ethereum, your best option is to [connect your Ledger to
Metamask](https://www.ledger.com/academy/security/the-safest-way-to-use-
metamask). To do so, connect your Ledger to your computer via USB or
bluetooth. Then, open MetaMask in your browser, and access the MetaMask menu.
Click on “Connect Hardware Wallet” and unlock your Ledger device for
detection.

Now you can safely transact, protect, and manage memecoins like PEPE using
third-party wallets like MetaMask with the security of your Ledger device.
However, it’s important to note that if you buy memecoins via this method, you
will have to enable blind signing on your Ledger device. This means that you
might not be able to read the transaction clearly in human-readable language.

## The Future of Memecoins

While memecoins hold exciting possibilities, it is crucial to acknowledge the
inherent risks and volatility associated with these assets. Memecoins are
highly speculative, and their value can fluctuate dramatically.

That said, increasingly, there’s more to memecoins than just speculation.
Today, they are finding practical applications in various industries. For
example, mainstream businesses like Tesla, AMC, GameStop, Newegg, and Twitch
have embraced memecoins such as Dogecoin and Shiba Inu as a form of payment.
This acceptance indicates a growing recognition of their value.

Plus, many memecoins are exploring utility-focused models. For example, Shiba
Inu developer Shytoshi Kusama is building the Shibaverse, a
[Metaverse](https://www.ledger.com/academy/nfts/virtual-worlds-on-the-
blockchain-welcome-to-the-metaverse) for its community. Meanwhile, Floki Inu
aims to establish a strong presence through its ecosystem, including an NFT
gaming Metaverse, merchandise marketplace, and crypto education platform.

Regardless of their current worth, or possible challenges, it’s important to
protect any store of value—potential or otherwise. If you want to store
memecoins effectively, the only option is via a [hardware
wallet](https://www.ledger.com/academy/crypto-hardware-wallet). Ledger devices
offer security for all digital assets, safeguarding against potential hacking
or loss of funds. Even if their current value may seem minimal, protecting
assets is a prudent practice for any cryptocurrency holder.

So what are you waiting for? Now you know what memecoins are, their origins,
and how to mitigate risks while using them, the only thing left to do is get
started! Only you can decide which memecoin is for you—if any at all. Because
that’s what the ethos of self-custody is all about: ownership and true
independent control.

**SHARE**

[](https://www.instagram.com/ledger
"Instagram")[](https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?u=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fwhat-
are-memecoins
"Facebook")[](http://twitter.com/intent/tweet?via=ledger&text=What%20Are%20Memecoins%3F&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fwhat-
are-memecoins "Twitter")[](https://www.linkedin.com/sharing/share-
offsite/?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fwhat-are-memecoins
"Linkedin")[](http://reddit.com/submit?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fwhat-
are-memecoins&title=What%20Are%20Memecoins%3F "Reddit")

[ Next up: Digital Assets Beyond Currency
](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/blockchain/digital-assets-beyond-
currency-explained "Digital Assets Beyond Currency")

  

Related Resources

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/defi/sei-network-what-it-is-and-how-
to-use-it)

[Sei Network: What It Is And How To Use
It](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/defi/sei-network-what-it-is-and-how-
to-use-it)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/defi/what-is-rocket-pool)

[What Is Rocket Pool?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/defi/what-is-
rocket-pool)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-dydx-exchange)

[What Is dYdX Exchange?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-dydx-exchange)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-a-pump-and-dump-in-crypto)

[What Is a Pump and Dump?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-a-pump-and-
dump-in-crypto)

__Read

8 min Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/crypto-candlestick-charts-explained)

[How To Read Crypto Candlestick Charts](https://www.ledger.com/academy/crypto-
candlestick-charts-explained)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/crypto/ai-and-crypto-trading-
benefits-projects-and-the-future)

[AI and Crypto Trading: Benefits, Projects, and the
Future](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/crypto/ai-and-crypto-trading-
benefits-projects-and-the-future)

__Read

6 min Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/crypto/exploring-the-integration-of-
ai-and-cryptocurrency)

[Exploring the Integration of AI and
Cryptocurrency](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/crypto/exploring-the-
integration-of-ai-and-cryptocurrency)

__Read

7 min Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-slippage-in-crypto)

[What Is Slippage in Crypto?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-slippage-
in-crypto)

__Read

7 min Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-are-brc-20-tokens)

[What Are BRC-20 Tokens?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-are-
brc-20-tokens)

__Read

7 min Beginner

### Stay in touch

Announcements can be found in our blog. Press contact:  
[media@ledger.com](mailto:media@ledger.com)

  * [__](https://www.reddit.com/r/ledgerwallet/ "Ledger Reddit")
  * [__](https://www.facebook.com/Ledger/ "Ledger Facebook")
  * [__](https://www.instagram.com/ledger/ "Ledger Instagram")
  * [__](https://twitter.com/Ledger "Ledger Twitter")
  * [__](https://www.youtube.com/Ledger "Ledger Youtube")
  * [__](https://www.linkedin.com/company/ledgerhq "Ledger Linkedin company")
  * [__](https://www.tiktok.com/@ledger "Ledger Tiktok")
  * [__](https://discord.com/invite/ledger "Ledger Discord")

### Subscribe to our  
newsletter

New coins supported, blog updates and exclusive offers directly in your inbox

  

Enter your email

Register to newsletter

Your email address will only be used to send you our newsletter, as well as
updates and offers. You can unsubscribe at any time using the link included in
the newsletter.

[Learn more about how we manage your data and your
rights.](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/privacy-notice#ledger-newsletter)

__

[![](https://www.ledger.com/wp-content/themes/ledger-v2/public/images/ledger-
logo-long.svg)](https://www.ledger.com "Ledger")

  * English
    * This page is available in English only

Copyright © Ledger SAS. All rights reserved. Ledger, Ledger Stax, Ledger Nano
S, Ledger Vault, Bolos are trademarks owned by Ledger SAS.  
  
1 rue du Mail, 75002 Paris, France  
  
Payment methods  
![](/wp-content/uploads/2021/11/logo-paypal-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-crypto-s.png?v=6)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-bitpay-s.png?v=6)  
![](/wp-content/uploads/2021/11/layer1.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-visa-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-maestro-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-mastercard-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-cb-s.png?v=2)

  * Products
    * [Ledger Stax](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-stax)
    * [Ledger Nano X](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-nano-x)
    * [Ledger Nano S Plus](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-nano-s-plus)
    * [Compare our devices](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/hardware-wallets-comparison)
    * [Bundles](https://shop.ledger.com/#category-bundle)
    * [Accessories](https://shop.ledger.com/#category-accessories)
    * [All products](https://shop.ledger.com)
    * [Downloads](https://www.ledger.com/ledger-live)

  * Crypto Assets
    * [Bitcoin wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/bitcoin)
    * [Ethereum wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/ethereum)
    * [Cardano wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/cardano)
    * [XRP wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/ripple)
    * [Monero wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/monero)
    * [USDT wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/tether)
    * [See all assets](https://www.ledger.com/supported-crypto-assets)

  * Crypto Services
    * [Crypto Prices](https://www.ledger.com/coin/price)
    * [Buy crypto](https://www.ledger.com/buy)
    * [Staking crypto](https://www.ledger.com/staking)
    * [Swap crypto](https://www.ledger.com/swap)

  * For Business
    * [Ledger Enterprise Solutions](https://enterprise.ledger.com/)

  * For Startups
    * [Funding from Ledger Cathay Capital](https://www.ledger.com/cathay-ledger-fund)

  * For Developers
    * [The Developer Portal](https://developers.ledger.com/)

  * Get started
    * [Start using your Ledger device](https://www.ledger.com/start)
    * [Compatible wallets and services](https://www.ledger.com/ledger-wallets-and-services)
    * [How to buy Bitcoin](https://www.ledger.com/buy-bitcoin)
    * [Guide before buying bitcoin](https://www.ledger.com/buy-bitcoin/how)
    * [Bitcoin Hardware Wallet](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/bitcoin-hardware-wallet)

  * See also
    * [Support](https://support.ledger.com/hc)
    * [Bounty program](https://donjon.ledger.com/bounty/)
    * [Resellers](/reseller)
    * [Ledger Press Kit](https://www.ledger.com/press)
    * [Affiliates](https://www.ledgerwallet.com/affiliates/)
    * [Status](https://status.ledger.com/)
    * [Partners](/partners)

  * Careers
    * [Join us](https://www.ledger.com/career)
    * [All jobs](https://www.ledger.com/jobs)

  * About
    * [Our vision](https://www.ledger.com/blog/we-are-ledger-a-brand-vision)
    * [Ledger Academy](https://www.ledger.com/academy)
    * [The company](/the-company)
    * [The people](/the-people-behind-ledger)
    * [Diversity](https://www.ledger.com/diversity)
    * [Blog](/blog)

  * Legal
    * [Legal Center](https://www.ledger.com/legal-center)
    * [Sales Terms and Conditions](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/terms-and-conditions)
    * [Privacy Policy](https://www.ledger.com/privacy-policy)
    * [Disclaimers](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/disclaimers)

![](https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=237213137153741&ev=PageView&noscript=1)

