Skip to main content

[](/en/)

  * Learn
  * Use
  * Build
  * Participate
  * Research

Search```K`

Languages EN

  1. [Home](/en/)/
  2. [Contributing](/en/contributing/)/
  3. [Style guide](/en/contributing/style-guide/)

Page last updated: August 15, 2023

On this page

  * Who can submit content to ethereum.org
  * Audience
  * Best practices
    * Objectivity
    * Acronyms
    * Consistency
  * Anything else?

# Ethereum.org style guide

Content on [ethereum.org](/en/) is crowdsourced and primarily written by our
incredible contributors.

Our primary objective is to educate and inform visitors about Ethereum in a
manner that is accessible to a diverse range of readers, from technical
experts to casual visitors. Since we deal with complex and abstract topics,
clear content writing is crucial to effectively convey the information and
avoid confusion or misinterpretation.

You should read this style guide before you [contribute to
ethereum.org](/en/contributing/).

## Who can submit content to ethereum.org

Anyone! Ethereum.org is entirely open source, and many of its best pages are
submitted by curious learners who expanded their notes into documentation
pages now living on the site.

## Audience

  * 60% of our website visitors do not own any ether according to our survey responses
  * 50% of visitors identify themselves as newcomers to the crypto space

**Common reading-related problems:**

  * Articles are hard to digest due to
    * too much text per page / paragraph
    * usage of complex sentences
    * technical jargon
  * Content is too abstract and detached from reality, therefore users are unable to relate to it
  * Too many links inside articles result in readers feeling overloaded and leaving the website

**Takeaways** :

  * Operate with a mindset that people are curious about crypto, but not invested enough to spend hours exploring the topics
  * Users want to understand how the topic relates to them and how they can take a part in it rather than going deep into the theory

Loosely we can categorize the site audiences as:

###

Individuals

App users, investors, enthusiasts, or anyone who is "new to Ethereum".

More

**Example user journeys:**

  * "I want to learn more about Ethereum, to know if I think it’s credible or not. Once I’ve answered a few basic questions, I want to try using Ethereum"
  * "I know I need an Ethereum wallet, and want a good recommendation"
  * "I want to learn how to run an Ethereum node"
  * "I want to get a sense of the size and activity of the Ethereum community, to decide if it's active enough, so I can get help if needed"
  * "I’m excited about Ethereum and want to get involved, but I don’t know what to do next"

###

Developers

Developers or others who want technical information about Ethereum.

More

**Example user journeys** :

  * "I'm a developer but I have no background in crypto and want to understand the Ethereum tech stack at a high level"
  * "I want to get a sample Ethereum project up and running fast, to get a sense of how difficult or easy it is to build a real project on Ethereum"
  * "I want to learn about Ethereum's technical roadmap"
  * "I’ve started work on an Ethereum project, and want to try out a few smart contract testing libraries"

###

Enterprises

People, businesses, and other organizations who want to understand Ethereum's
value in an enterprise setting.

More

**Example user journeys** :

  * "I want to understand what use cases Ethereum can help with, and how it compares to other chains or other technologies"
  * "I work at a business that is beginning an Ethereum related project, and want to learn more"
  * "I want to understand the differences between private Ethereum chains, consortium chains, and the public Ethereum Mainnet"
  * "I want to know the current status of Ethereum - how long has it been in production, how much usage it has, what's the direction of new development - to decide if I am confident to build my project on top of it"

## Best practices

**Style**

  * Focus on the advantages for the user instead of explaining technical details about the system
  * Use active voice and clear, concise sentences that are easy to follow
  * Break up longer chunks of text into smaller sections or paragraphs
  * Consider using tables, bullet points or numbered lists instead of paragraphs
  * Highlight (bold) key phrases to support scanning and skimming through the article

**Content ideas:**

  * Use examples or real-life scenarios of the application of the technology to help illustrate complex concepts or ideas
  * Explain how the idea can positively affect people now or in the future
  * Create before Ethereum / after Ethereum comparison
  * Add step-by-step how to take action
  * Include relevant statistics or graphs to strengthen the arguments
  * Add calls to action
  * Provide visual aids to explain the topic better

**Other** :

  * Limit the length of the article up to 1000 words (1500 max)
  * Reduce the number of hyperlinks to approximately 5 per 1000 words (excluding further reading section at the bottom of the page or product listings)

### Objectivity

Ethereum.org documentation (and content at large) aims to maintain a credibly
neutral source of truth to inform readers about Ethereum and its ecosystem.
Some examples of things that we don't want in the content on ethereum.org:

**Grand, unverifiable claims about Ethereum or adjacent technologies**

> e.g. _"Ethereum will take over the world because..."_

**Hostile or confrontational language aimed at any organization or person**

> e.g. _"Company X is bad because they are centralized!"_

**Politically charged rhetoric**

> e.g. _"This political party is better for decentralization because..."_

### Acronyms

When introducing an unfamiliar acronym, spell out the full term, and put the
acronym in parentheses. Put both the full term and acronym in bold.

**For example:**

"Ethereum, like Bitcoin, currently uses a consensus protocol called **proof-
of-work (PoW)**."

### Consistency

Many of the topics covered on ethereum.org are technically complex. To reduce
confusion to the reader, terms should be used consistently. For example, don't
cycle back-and-forth between proof-of-work and PoW at random.

[Content standardization](/en/contributing/style-guide/content-
standardization/) \- Read more about proper usage of terminology and other
aspects such as how to properly add an image, attribute etc.

## Anything else?

Like all content on ethereum.org, this style guide is an open-source work-in-
progress with room for improvement. If there is anything you think should be
added to improve this document please [suggest an edit on GitHub(opens in a
new tab)](https://github.com/ethereum/ethereum-org-
website/blob/dev/public/content/contributing/style-guide/index.md).

### Was this article helpful?

YesNo

  * [Edit page(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/ethereum/ethereum-org-website/tree/dev/public/content/contributing/style-guide/index.md)
  * On this page

    * Who can submit content to ethereum.org
    * Audience
    * Best practices
      * Objectivity
      * Acronyms
      * Consistency
    * Anything else?

Website last updated: May 22, 2024

[(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/ethereum/ethereum-org-
website)[(opens in a new tab)](https://twitter.com/ethdotorg)[(opens in a new
tab)](https://discord.gg/ethereum-org)

### Learn

  * [Learn Hub](/en/learn/)
  * [What is Ethereum?](/en/what-is-ethereum/)
  * [What is ether (ETH)?](/en/eth/)
  * [Ethereum wallets](/en/wallets/)
  * [What is Web3?](/en/web3/)
  * [Smart contracts](/en/smart-contracts/)
  * [Gas fees](/en/gas/)
  * [Run a node](/en/run-a-node/)
  * [Ethereum security and scam prevention](/en/security/)
  * [Quiz Hub](/en/quizzes/)
  * [Ethereum glossary](/en/glossary/)

### Use

  * [Guides](/en/guides/)
  * [Choose your wallet](/en/wallets/find-wallet/)
  * [Get ETH](/en/get-eth/)
  * [Dapps - Decentralized applications](/en/dapps/)
  * [Stablecoins](/en/stablecoins/)
  * [NFTs - Non-fungible tokens](/en/nft/)
  * [DeFi - Decentralized finance](/en/defi/)
  * [DAOs - Decentralized autonomous organizations](/en/dao/)
  * [Decentralized identity](/en/decentralized-identity/)
  * [Stake ETH](/en/staking/)
  * [Layer 2](/en/layer-2/)

### Build

  * [Builder's home](/en/developers/)
  * [Tutorials](/en/developers/tutorials/)
  * [Documentation](/en/developers/docs/)
  * [Learn by coding](/en/developers/learning-tools/)
  * [Set up local environment](/en/developers/local-environment/)
  * [Grants](/en/community/grants/)
  * [Foundational topics](/en/developers/docs/intro-to-ethereum/)
  * [UX/UI design fundamentals](/en/developers/docs/design-and-ux/)
  * [Enterprise - Mainnet Ethereum](/en/enterprise/)
  * [Enterprise - Private Ethereum](/en/enterprise/private-ethereum/)

### Participate

  * [Community hub](/en/community/)
  * [Online communities](/en/community/online/)
  * [Ethereum events](/en/community/events/)
  * [Contributing to ethereum.org](/en/contributing/)
  * [Translation Program](/en/contributing/translation-program/)
  * [Ethereum bug bounty program](/en/bug-bounty/)
  * [Ethereum Foundation](/en/foundation/)
  * [Ethereum Foundation Blog(opens in a new tab)](https://blog.ethereum.org/)
  * [Ecosystem Support Program(opens in a new tab)](https://esp.ethereum.foundation)
  * [Devcon(opens in a new tab)](https://devcon.org/)

### Research

  * [Ethereum Whitepaper](/en/whitepaper/)
  * [Ethereum roadmap](/en/roadmap/)
  * [Improved security](/en/roadmap/security/)
  * [Technical history of Ethereum](/en/history/)
  * [Open research](/en/community/research/)
  * [Ethereum Improvement Proposals](/en/eips/)
  * [Ethereum governance](/en/governance/)

  * [About us](/en/about/)
  * [Ethereum brand assets](/en/assets/)
  * [Code of conduct](/en/community/code-of-conduct/)
  * [Jobs](/en/about/#open-jobs)
  * [Privacy policy](/en/privacy-policy/)
  * [Terms of use](/en/terms-of-use/)
  * [Cookie policy](/en/cookie-policy/)
  * [Press Contact(opens in a new tab)](mailto:press@ethereum.org)

Is this page helpful?

