![Close](/img/icons/ico_close.svg?1716491272)

Bitcoin.org is a community funded project, donations are appreciated and used
to improve the website.

Make a donation

Bitcoin.org needs your support!

Ã

Donate to Bitcoin.org

Use this QR code or address below

[ bc1qx3u4njquj0ux63030r4nat8awqrlm0x2zlt96h
](bitcoin:bc1qx3u4njquj0ux63030r4nat8awqrlm0x2zlt96h)

$5.00

(... BTC)

$25.00

(... BTC)

$50.00

(... BTC)

[![Bitcoin](/img/icons/logotop.svg?1716491272)](/en/)

  * Introduction
    * [Individuals](/en/bitcoin-for-individuals)
    * [Businesses](/en/bitcoin-for-businesses)
    * [Developers](https://developer.bitcoin.org/)
    * [Getting started](/en/getting-started)
    * [How it works](/en/how-it-works)
    * [White paper](/en/bitcoin-paper)
  * Resources
    * [Resources](/en/resources)
    * [Exchanges](/en/exchanges)
    * [Community](/en/community)
    * [Documentation](https://developer.bitcoin.org/)
    * [Vocabulary](/en/vocabulary)
    * [Events](/en/events)
    * [Bitcoin Core](/en/bitcoin-core/)
  * [Innovation](/en/innovation)
  * Participate
    * [Support Bitcoin](/en/support-bitcoin)
    * [Buy Bitcoin](/en/buy)
    * [Running a full node](/en/full-node)
    * [Development](/en/development)
  * [FAQ](/en/faq)

  * English
    *       * [Bahasa Indonesia](/id/)
      * [CatalÃ ](/ca/)
      * [Dansk](/da/)
      * [Deutsch](/de/)
      * [English](/en/)
      * [EspaÃ±ol](/es/)
      * [FranÃ§ais](/fr/)
      * [Italiano](/it/)
      * [Magyar](/hu/)
      * [Nederlands](/nl/)
      * [Polski](/pl/)
      * [PortuguÃªs Brasil](/pt_BR/)
      * [RomÃ¢nÄ](/ro/)
      * [SlovenÅ¡Äina](/sl/)
      * [Srpski](/sr/)
      * [Svenska](/sv/)
    *       * [TÃ¼rkÃ§e](/tr/)
      * [ÎÎ»Î»Î·Î½Î¹ÎºÎ¬](/el/)
      * [Ð±ÑÐ»Ð³Ð°ÑÑÐºÐ¸](/bg/)
      * [Ð ÑÑÑÐºÐ¸Ð¹](/ru/)
      * [Ð£ÐºÑÐ°ÑÐ½ÑÑÐºÐ°](/uk/)
      * [ÕÕ¡ÕµÕ¥ÖÕ¥Õ¶](/hy/)
      * [Ø§ÙØ¹Ø±Ø¨ÙØ©](/ar/)
      * [ÙØ§Ø±Ø³Û](/fa/)
      * [×¢××¨××ª](/he/)
      * [à¤¹à¤¿à¤¨à¥à¤¦à¥](/hi/)
      * [íêµ­ì´](/ko/)
      * [ááááá](/km/)
      * [æ¥æ¬èª](/ja/)
      * [ç®ä½ä¸­æ](/zh_CN/)
      * [ç¹é«ä¸­æ](/zh_TW/)

Bahasa Indonesia CatalÃ  Dansk Deutsch English EspaÃ±ol FranÃ§ais Italiano
Magyar Nederlands Polski PortuguÃªs Brasil RomÃ¢nÄ SlovenÅ¡Äina Srpski
Svenska TÃ¼rkÃ§e ÎÎ»Î»Î·Î½Î¹ÎºÎ¬ Ð±ÑÐ»Ð³Ð°ÑÑÐºÐ¸ Ð ÑÑÑÐºÐ¸Ð¹
Ð£ÐºÑÐ°ÑÐ½ÑÑÐºÐ° ÕÕ¡ÕµÕ¥ÖÕ¥Õ¶ Ø§ÙØ¹Ø±Ø¨ÙØ© ÙØ§Ø±Ø³Û ×¢××¨××ª
à¤¹à¤¿à¤¨à¥à¤¦à¥ íêµ­ì´ ááááá æ¥æ¬èª ç®ä½ä¸­æ
ç¹é«ä¸­æ Language: en

[Blog home](/en/blog) | [Subscribe to RSS feed](/en/rss/blog.xml) | [Post history](https://github.com/bitcoin-dot-org/bitcoin.org/commits/master/_posts/2016-12-31-updated-instructions-full-node.md) | [Report issue](https://github.com/bitcoin-dot-org/bitcoin.org/issues/new?body=Source%20File%3A%20_posts/2016-12-31-updated-instructions-full-node.md%0A%0A)

# Updated Instructions: How to Run a Full Node

ALL TOPICS

  * Why is running a full bitcoin node important?
  * Minimum Requirements
  * What to do if you need help
  * Acknowledgments

![How to Run a Full Node](/img/blog/free/how-to-run-a-full-bitcoin-
node.png?1716491272)

Updated instructions for [how to run a full node](https://bitcoin.org/en/full-
node) as of version **0.13.1** are now available on Bitcoin.org. These
instructions allow one to quickly get set up and running with a full node on
the following operating systems:

  * [Linux](https://bitcoin.org/en/full-node#linux-instructions)

  * [MacOS](https://bitcoin.org/en/full-node#mac-os-x-instructions)

  * [Windows](https://bitcoin.org/en/full-node#windows-instructions)

In addition to the above operating systems, tips on [how to configure a full
bitcoin node for a local area network](https://bitcoin.org/en/full-
node#network-configuration) and [how to tweak the reference client
configuration](https://bitcoin.org/en/full-node#configuration-tuning) are
available.

## Why is running a full bitcoin node important?

Full nodes help enforce the consensus rules of the Bitcoin network. When a
full node client is running, it downloads every new block and every new
transaction and checks them to make sure they are valid. Here are some
examples of consensus rules, though there are many more:

  * Blocks may only [create](https://en.bitcoin.it/wiki/Controlled_supply) a certain number of bitcoins.

  * Transactions must have correct signatures for the bitcoins being spent.

  * Transactions/blocks must be in the correct data format.

  * Within the [block chain](https://en.bitcoin.it/wiki/Block_chain), a transaction output cannot be double-spent.

_Read more about what a full node is, the consensus rules above and other
incentives for supporting the network in the[Bitcoin
Wiki](https://en.bitcoin.it/wiki/Full_node)._

</div>

## Minimum Requirements

Bitcoin Core full nodes have certain requirements. If you try running a node
on weak hardware, it may workâââbut youâll likely spend more time
dealing with issues. If you can meet the following requirements, youâll have
an easy-to-use node.

  * Desktop or laptop hardware running recent versions of Windows, Mac OS X, or Linux.

  * 125GB of free disk space (size of the blockchain plus room to grow)

  * 2GB of memory (RAM)

  * A broadband Internet connection with upload speeds of at least 400 kilobits (50 kilobytes) per second

  * An unmetered connection, a connection with high upload limits, or a connection you regularly monitor to ensure it doesnât exceed its upload limits. Itâs common for full nodes on high-speed connections to use 200GB in uploads or more a month. Download usage is around 20GB/month, plus around an additional 100GB the first time you start your node.

  * 6 hours/day that your full node can be left running. (You can do other things with your computer while running a full node.) More hours would be better, and best of all would be if you can run your node continuously.

**Note:** many operating systems today (Windows, Mac, and Linux) enter a low-
power mode after the screensaver activates, slowing or halting network
traffic. This is often the default setting on laptops and on all Mac OS X
laptops and desktops. Check your screensaver settings and disable automatic
âsleepâ or âsuspendâ options to ensure you support the network
whenever your computer is running.

## What to do if you need help

Please seek out assistance in the
[community](https://bitcoin.org/en/community) if you need help setting up your
full node correctly to handle high-value and privacy-sensitive tasks. Do your
own diligence to ensure who you get help from is ethical, reputable and
qualified to assist you.

## Acknowledgments

A special thanks goes to the contributors (in no preferential order) who have
worked to improve this page over time:

  * [David Harding](https://github.com/harding)

  * [Kevin Cooper](https://github.com/kevcooper)

  * [Joseph Becher](https://github.com/drazisil)

  * [Jorgeminator](https://github.com/Jorgeminator)

  * [Gyomu](https://github.com/Gyomu)

  * [Jonas Schnelli](https://github.com/jonasschnelli)

  * [Marko Falke](https://github.com/MarcoFalke)

  * [cpmx](https://github.com/cpmx)

  * [anduck](https://github.com/anduck)

  * [dabura667](https://github.com/dabura667)

  * [seusher](https://github.com/seusher)

**Interested in getting involved?**

[Learn how you can participate](https://github.com/bitcoin-dot-
org/bitcoin.org#how-to-participate).

Posted to the [Bitcoin.org Site Blog](/en/blog) on 31 December 2016 by [Will
Binns](https://github.com/wbnns)

[ ![Bitcoin](/img/icons/logo-footer.svg?1716491272) ](/en/)

Support Bitcoin.org: Donate

[bc1qx3u4njquj0ux63030r4nat8awqrlm0x2zlt96h](bitcoin:bc1qx3u4njquj0ux63030r4nat8awqrlm0x2zlt96h)

Introduction:

  * [Individuals](/en/bitcoin-for-individuals)
  * [Businesses](/en/bitcoin-for-businesses)
  * [Developers](https://developer.bitcoin.org/)
  * [Getting started](/en/getting-started)
  * [How it works](/en/how-it-works)
  * [You need to know](/en/you-need-to-know)
  * [White paper](/en/bitcoin-paper)

Resources:

  * [Resources](/en/resources)
  * [Exchanges](/en/exchanges)
  * [Community](/en/community)
  * [Vocabulary ](/en/vocabulary)
  * [Events](/en/events)
  * [Bitcoin Core](/en/bitcoin-core/)

Participate:

  * [Support Bitcoin](/en/support-bitcoin)
  * [Buy Bitcoin](/en/buy)
  * [Running a full node](/en/full-node)
  * [Development](/en/development)

Other:

[Avoid Scams](/en/scams) [Legal](/en/legal) [Privacy Policy](/en/privacy)
[Press](/en/press) [About bitcoin.org](/en/about-us) [Blog](/en/blog)

Â© Bitcoin Project 2009-2024 Released under the [MIT
license](http://opensource.org/licenses/mit-license.php)

[Network Status](/en/alerts)

  * English
    *       * [Bahasa Indonesia](/id/)
      * [CatalÃ ](/ca/)
      * [Dansk](/da/)
      * [Deutsch](/de/)
      * [English](/en/)
      * [EspaÃ±ol](/es/)
      * [FranÃ§ais](/fr/)
      * [Italiano](/it/)
      * [Magyar](/hu/)
      * [Nederlands](/nl/)
      * [Polski](/pl/)
      * [PortuguÃªs Brasil](/pt_BR/)
      * [RomÃ¢nÄ](/ro/)
      * [SlovenÅ¡Äina](/sl/)
      * [Srpski](/sr/)
      * [Svenska](/sv/)
    *       * [TÃ¼rkÃ§e](/tr/)
      * [ÎÎ»Î»Î·Î½Î¹ÎºÎ¬](/el/)
      * [Ð±ÑÐ»Ð³Ð°ÑÑÐºÐ¸](/bg/)
      * [Ð ÑÑÑÐºÐ¸Ð¹](/ru/)
      * [Ð£ÐºÑÐ°ÑÐ½ÑÑÐºÐ°](/uk/)
      * [ÕÕ¡ÕµÕ¥ÖÕ¥Õ¶](/hy/)
      * [Ø§ÙØ¹Ø±Ø¨ÙØ©](/ar/)
      * [ÙØ§Ø±Ø³Û](/fa/)
      * [×¢××¨××ª](/he/)
      * [à¤¹à¤¿à¤¨à¥à¤¦à¥](/hi/)
      * [íêµ­ì´](/ko/)
      * [ááááá](/km/)
      * [æ¥æ¬èª](/ja/)
      * [ç®ä½ä¸­æ](/zh_CN/)
      * [ç¹é«ä¸­æ](/zh_TW/)

Bahasa Indonesia CatalÃ  Dansk Deutsch English EspaÃ±ol FranÃ§ais Italiano
Magyar Nederlands Polski PortuguÃªs Brasil RomÃ¢nÄ SlovenÅ¡Äina Srpski
Svenska TÃ¼rkÃ§e ÎÎ»Î»Î·Î½Î¹ÎºÎ¬ Ð±ÑÐ»Ð³Ð°ÑÑÐºÐ¸ Ð ÑÑÑÐºÐ¸Ð¹
Ð£ÐºÑÐ°ÑÐ½ÑÑÐºÐ° ÕÕ¡ÕµÕ¥ÖÕ¥Õ¶ Ø§ÙØ¹Ø±Ø¨ÙØ© ÙØ§Ø±Ø³Û ×¢××¨××ª
à¤¹à¤¿à¤¨à¥à¤¦à¥ íêµ­ì´ ááááá æ¥æ¬èª ç®ä½ä¸­æ
ç¹é«ä¸­æ en

