[ New: Wallet recovery made easy with Ledger Recover, provided by Coincover
Get started ](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-recover)

[ ![Ledger Academy](https://www.ledger.com/wp-
content/themes/ledger-v2/public/images/ledger-academy-logo-long.svg)
](https://www.ledger.com/academy "Ledger Academy")

  * [ Shop Ledger ](https://shop.ledger.com/)
  * [ Learn and earn  ](https://quest.ledger.com)
  * [ Search __](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library)
  * [ Crypto Glossary ](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary)
  * Topics
    * [Blockchain](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/blockchain)
    * [Crypto](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/crypto)
    * [DAOs](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/daos)
    * [DeFi](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/defi)
    * [Economics and Regulation](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/economics-and-regulation)
    * [Ledger solutions](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/ledgersolutions)
    * [Metaverse](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/metaverse)
    * [NFTs](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/nfts)
    * [Scams](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/scams)
    * [Security](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/security)
    * [Tutorials](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/tutorials)
  * Series
    * [Enter The Donjon](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/enter-the-donjon)
    * [How I Got Hacked](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/how-i-got-hacked)
    * [Keep Your Crypto Safe](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/get-your-crypto-safe)
    * [Ledger How To's](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/ledger-how-tos)
    * [On The Ledger](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/on-the-ledger)
    * [Reading Room](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/reading-room)
    * [School of Block](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/school-of-block)
  * [Start learning](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-web-30-everything-you-need-to-know)
  * English
    * [العربية](https://www.ledger.com/ar/academy/library-ar)
    * [简体中文](https://www.ledger.com/zh-hans/academy/library-zh-hans)
    * [Français](https://www.ledger.com/fr/academy/mediatheque)
    * [Deutsch](https://www.ledger.com/de/academy/bibliothek)
    * [Русский](https://www.ledger.com/ru/academy/library-ru)
    * [Español](https://www.ledger.com/es/academy/library)
    * [日本語](https://www.ledger.com/ja/academy/library-ja)
    * [한국어](https://www.ledger.com/ko/academy/library-ko)
    * [Türkçe](https://www.ledger.com/tr/academy/kutuphane)
    * [Português](https://www.ledger.com/pt-br/academy/biblioteca)

  * The Classroom __
    * A) Welcome to Web3
      * [What is Web 3.0?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-web-30-everything-you-need-to-know "What is Web 3.0?")
      * [What Is Blockchain?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-blockchain "What Is Blockchain?")
      * [Blockchain: Where It Started, Where It’s Going](https://www.ledger.com/academy/blockchain-generations-explained "Blockchain: Where It Started, Where It’s Going")
      * [What Is Cryptocurrency?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-cryptocurrency "What Is Cryptocurrency?")
      * [How Many Cryptocurrencies Are There?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/how-many-cryptos-are-there "How Many Cryptocurrencies Are There?")
    * B) How to secure your crypto
      * [What Is a Private Key?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/whats-a-private-key "What Is a Private Key?")
      * [What Is a Crypto Wallet?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/2-how-to-own-crypto/what-is-a-crypto-wallet "What Is a Crypto Wallet?")
      * [What is a Seed Phrase (Secret Recovery Phrase)?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/2-how-to-own-crypto/whats-a-secret-recovery-phrase "What is a Seed Phrase \(Secret Recovery Phrase\)?")
      * [Crypto Threats: How Crypto Gets Stolen](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/2-how-to-own-crypto/how-crypto-gets-stolen-risks-to-beware-of "Crypto Threats: How Crypto Gets Stolen")
    * C) What is Ledger?
      * [What is Ledger? The Ledger Ecosystem Explained](https://www.ledger.com/academy/ledger-nano-the-safest-way-to-manage-crypto "What is Ledger? The Ledger Ecosystem Explained")
      * [Ledger’s Security Model: How Are Ledger Devices Secured?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/ledgers-ecosystem/why-is-ledger-nano-so-secure "Ledger’s Security Model: How Are Ledger Devices Secured?")
      * [Ledger Live App: Buy, Sell, Stake and Swap Crypto](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/ledgers-ecosystem/ledger-live-app-buying-selling-staking-and-swapping-crypto "Ledger Live App: Buy, Sell, Stake and Swap Crypto")
    * D) Web3 security essentials
      * [Web3 Scams: Common Crypto Scams and How To Avoid Them](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/web3-security-essentials/web3-scams-explained "Web3 Scams: Common Crypto Scams and How To Avoid Them")
      * [Do Your Own Research (DYOR): How to Investigate Crypto Projects](https://www.ledger.com/academy/do-your-own-research-how-to-investigate-crypto-projects "Do Your Own Research \(DYOR\): How to Investigate Crypto Projects")
      * [How to Migrate Your Crypto to Ledger](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/web3-security-essentials/how-to-secure-your-crypto-on-a-ledger-nano "How to Migrate Your Crypto to Ledger")
    * E) Digital Assets Explained
      * [Crypto Coins and Tokens: Their Use-Cases Explained](https://www.ledger.com/academy/crypto/what-is-the-difference-between-coins-and-tokens "Crypto Coins and Tokens: Their Use-Cases Explained")
      * [What Are Stablecoins?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-are-stablecoins "What Are Stablecoins?")
      * [What Are Memecoins?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-are-memecoins "What Are Memecoins?")
      * [Digital Assets Beyond Currency](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/blockchain/digital-assets-beyond-currency-explained "Digital Assets Beyond Currency")
    * F) Blockchain Basics
      * [How Does a Blockchain Transaction Work?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/how-does-a-blockchain-transaction-work "How Does a Blockchain Transaction Work?")
      * [Crypto Nodes: What Are They And How Do They Work?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-a-node-and-why-should-i-operate-one "Crypto Nodes: What Are They And How Do They Work?")
      * [What Is a Mempool?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-a-mempool "What Is a Mempool?")
      * [Consensus Mechanisms: How Blockchains Stay Secure](https://www.ledger.com/academy/consensus-protocols-how-are-blockchains-secure "Consensus Mechanisms: How Blockchains Stay Secure")
    * G) Wallet Knowledge (Leveling Up)
      * [What Is a Software Wallet?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/what-is-a-software-wallet "What Is a Software Wallet?")
      * [What Is a Hardware Wallet?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/crypto-hardware-wallet "What Is a Hardware Wallet?")
      * [What Is a Cold Wallet?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/what-is-a-cold-wallet "What Is a Cold Wallet?")
      * [How To Choose a Crypto Wallet](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/choose-the-best-crypto-wallet-for-you "How To Choose a Crypto Wallet")
    * H) Buy it, Sell it, Swap it, Earn it
      * [Why Use Ledger Live For Payments and Transactions?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/the-power-of-ledger-live "Why Use Ledger Live For Payments and Transactions?")
      * [Buying Crypto Through Ledger Live](https://www.ledger.com/academy/benefits-of-buying-crypto-through-ledger-live "Buying Crypto Through Ledger Live")
      * [How To Swap Your Crypto Securely Via Ledger Live](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/ledgersolutions/ledger-swap-the-most-secure-way-to-exchange-your-crypto "How To Swap Your Crypto Securely Via Ledger Live")
      * [Earn Crypto With Ledger Live: Staking Made Easy](https://www.ledger.com/academy/earn-crypto-with-ledger-live-staking-made-easy "Earn Crypto With Ledger Live: Staking Made Easy")
    * I) Blockchain Sleuthing: Become a Crypto Detective
      * [What is a Blockchain Sleuth?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/what-is-a-blockchain-sleuth "What is a Blockchain Sleuth?")
      * [Top Blockchain Sleuths: How 5 Crypto Detectives Rose To Fame](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/top-blockchain-sleuths "Top Blockchain Sleuths: How 5 Crypto Detectives Rose To Fame")
      * [Through the Eyes of a Sleuth: The Nomad Bridge Hack](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/nomad-bridge-hack "Through the Eyes of a Sleuth: The Nomad Bridge Hack")
      * [Best Tools For Blockchain Detectives](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/blockchain-detective-tools "Best Tools For Blockchain Detectives")
      * [How to Catch Criminals on the Blockchain](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/how-to-catch-crypto-criminals "How to Catch Criminals on the Blockchain")
    * J) Wallet Knowledge II - The Evolution of Crypto Storage
      * [Public Vs Private Keys: Understanding PKC in Crypto](https://www.ledger.com/academy/blockchain/what-are-public-keys-and-private-keys "Public Vs Private Keys: Understanding PKC in Crypto")
      * [BIP-32: Understanding Hierarchical Deterministic Wallets](https://www.ledger.com/academy/crypto/what-are-hierarchical-deterministic-hd-wallets "BIP-32: Understanding Hierarchical Deterministic Wallets")
      * [Understanding BIP-39: The Origin of Your Seed Phrase](https://www.ledger.com/academy/bip-39-the-low-key-guardian-of-your-crypto-freedom "Understanding BIP-39: The Origin of Your Seed Phrase")
      * [How Does A Crypto Wallet Work?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/how-does-a-crypto-wallet-work "How Does A Crypto Wallet Work?")
  * Topics __
    * [Blockchain](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/blockchain "Blockchain")
    * [Crypto](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/crypto "Crypto")
    * [DAOs](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/daos "DAOs")
    * [DeFi](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/defi "DeFi")
    * [Economics and Regulation](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/economics-and-regulation "Economics and Regulation")
    * [Ledger solutions](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/ledgersolutions "Ledger solutions")
    * [Metaverse](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/metaverse "Metaverse")
    * [NFTs](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/nfts "NFTs")
    * [Scams](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/scams "Scams")
    * [Security](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/security "Security")
    * [Tutorials](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/tutorials "Tutorials")
  * Series __
    * [Enter The Donjon](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/enter-the-donjon "Enter The Donjon")
    * [How I Got Hacked](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/how-i-got-hacked "How I Got Hacked")
    * [Keep Your Crypto Safe](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/get-your-crypto-safe "Keep Your Crypto Safe")
    * [Ledger How To's](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/ledger-how-tos "Ledger How To's")
    * [On The Ledger](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/on-the-ledger "On The Ledger")
    * [Reading Room](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/reading-room "Reading Room")
    * [School of Block](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/school-of-block "School of Block")
  * [ Shop Ledger ](https://shop.ledger.com/ "Shop Ledger")
  * [ Learn and earn  ](https://quest.ledger.com "Learn and earn")
  * [ Search __](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library "Search")
  * [ Crypto Glossary ](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary "Crypto Glossary")
  * English
    * [العربية](https://www.ledger.com/ar/academy/library-ar)
    * [简体中文](https://www.ledger.com/zh-hans/academy/library-zh-hans)
    * [Français](https://www.ledger.com/fr/academy/mediatheque)
    * [Deutsch](https://www.ledger.com/de/academy/bibliothek)
    * [Русский](https://www.ledger.com/ru/academy/library-ru)
    * [Español](https://www.ledger.com/es/academy/library)
    * [日本語](https://www.ledger.com/ja/academy/library-ja)
    * [한국어](https://www.ledger.com/ko/academy/library-ko)
    * [Türkçe](https://www.ledger.com/tr/academy/kutuphane)
    * [Português](https://www.ledger.com/pt-br/academy/biblioteca)

### LEDGER HARDWARE WALLETS

## THE SMARTEST WAY TO SECURE YOUR CRYPTO

Buy, exchange, grow and manage over 5,500 coins and tokens

[Shop now](https://shop.ledger.com/ "Shop now") [Compare
wallets](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/hardware-wallets-comparison "Compare
wallets")

[__](https://www.youtube.com/Ledger "Ledger
Youtube")[__](https://twitter.com/Ledger "Ledger
Twitter")[__](https://www.reddit.com/r/ledgerwallet/ "Ledger
Reddit")[__](https://www.facebook.com/Ledger/ "Ledger
Facebook")[__](https://www.linkedin.com/company/ledgerhq "Ledger LinkedIn")

  

  * [Ledger Academy ](https://www.ledger.com/academy "Ledger Academy ") __
  * Library

Our 360 Library

# Blockchain Tech

Learn about how blockchain networks work and the tech behind them. Here you'll
find articles on the inner-workings of networks, such as consensus mechanisms,
nodes and network participants. Plus, you can explore some interesting
mechanisms and protocols such as layer two blockchains, blockchain oracles and
more. If you want to get technical, start here.

Filters +

All topics

Blockchain

Crypto

DAOs

DeFi

Economics and Regulation

Ledger solutions

Metaverse

NFTs

Scams

Security

Tutorials

Format

__Listen

__Read

__Watch

Difficulty

Beginner

Medium

Expert

Duration

0 5 10 15 20 25 30 35 40 45 50

0 10m 20m 30m 40m __

Clear all

53 Results

Sort by Newest to Oldest Oldest to Newest

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/blockchain/byzantine-fault-tolerance-
in-crypto-what-is-it)

[Byzantine Fault Tolerance in Crypto: What Is
It?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/blockchain/byzantine-fault-
tolerance-in-crypto-what-is-it)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-celestia-tia)

[What is Celestia (TIA)?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-celestia-tia)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-vechain)

[What Is VeChain?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-vechain)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-the-ethereum-roadmap-next-upgrades)

[What Is the Ethereum Roadmap: Upgrades in 2024 and
Beyond](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-the-ethereum-roadmap-next-
upgrades)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-a-crypto-faucet)

[What Is a Crypto Faucet?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-a-crypto-
faucet)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/danksharding-and-proto-danksharding-
explained)

[Danksharding and Proto-danksharding
Explained](https://www.ledger.com/academy/danksharding-and-proto-danksharding-
explained)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/blockchain/what-are-ethereum-
layer-2-blockchains-and-how-do-they-work)

[What Are Ethereum Layer 2 Blockchains and How Do They
Work?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/blockchain/what-are-ethereum-
layer-2-blockchains-and-how-do-they-work)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/bitcoin-layer-2s-what-they-are-and-how-they-
work)

[Bitcoin Layer 2s: What They Are and How They
Work](https://www.ledger.com/academy/bitcoin-layer-2s-what-they-are-and-how-
they-work)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-sharding)

[What is Sharding?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-sharding)

__Read

8 min Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/blockchain/what-is-cloud-mining)

[What is Cloud Mining?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/blockchain/what-
is-cloud-mining)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/blockchain/what-is-nominated-proof-
of-stake-npos)

[What Is Nominated Proof of Stake
(NPoS)?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/blockchain/what-is-nominated-
proof-of-stake-npos)

__Read

5 min Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-delegated-proof-of-stake-dpos)

[What Is Delegated Proof-of-Stake
(DPoS)?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-delegated-proof-of-stake-dpos)

__Read

6 min Medium

  * 1
  * [2](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/blockchain/page/2)
  * [3](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/blockchain/page/3)
  * [4](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/blockchain/page/4)
  * [5](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/blockchain/page/5)
  * [](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/blockchain/page/2)

A curated list of Ledger Academy articles; helping you learn about blockchain
networks and the tech behind them: easily and simply.

### Check out our series

[ ![](https://ledger-wp-website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2023/01/Copy-of-
DONJON_YOUTUBE_EP1SERIES-min-scaled-e1675159617288-490x266.jpg)
](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/enter-the-donjon "Enter The Donjon")

####  [Enter The Donjon](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/enter-the-
donjon "Enter The Donjon")

The Donjon: A lab that investigates the security of everybody's crypto,
including yours. But, since we want you to understand what it takes to truly
secure your digital assets, we have decided to let you in - for a couple
minutes.

[Start Watching](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/enter-the-donjon)

[ ![](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2023/01/Thumbnail_Serie-490x275.jpeg)
](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/how-i-got-hacked "How I Got Hacked")

####  [How I Got Hacked](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/how-i-got-
hacked "How I Got Hacked")

These are the kinds of stories that Ledger would prefer to never hear -
stories of ETH, BTC, NFTs or other digital assets disappearing, without their
owner understanding why.

[Start watching](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/how-i-got-hacked)

[ ![](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2022/06/get_your_crypto_safe_thumbnail-490x275.png)
](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/get-your-crypto-safe "Keep Your Crypto
Safe")

####  [Keep Your Crypto Safe](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/get-your-
crypto-safe "Keep Your Crypto Safe")

Crypto requires new rules. New protections. New security practices. But
nothing that can’t be learned. Nor taught. Play those tutorial videos, meet
with Ian Rogers, Experience Officer at Ledger, then be on the safe side with
crypto.

[Start Watching](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/get-your-crypto-safe)

[ ![](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2023/02/HOW_TO_Master-1-490x275.jpg)
](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/ledger-how-tos "Ledger How To's")

####  [Ledger How To's](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/ledger-how-tos
"Ledger How To's")

Follow Ledger's Customer Support to get started with Ledger with a series of
simple & friendly step-by-step guides.

[Start Watching](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/ledger-how-tos)

[ ![](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2022/06/on_the_ledger_thumbnail-490x275.png)
](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/on-the-ledger "On The Ledger")

####  [On The Ledger](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/on-the-ledger "On
The Ledger")

On the Ledger is our weekly podcast featuring the most innovative voices in
Web3. The conversations cover a range of exciting topics and are a perfect
companion on your daily commute or even your morning run.

[Start Listening](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/on-the-ledger)

[ ![](https://ledger-wp-website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2023/06/04.Reading-
Room_TitleArt_wHorizLogo_978x550-490x275.jpg)
](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/reading-room "Reading Room")

####  [Reading Room](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/reading-room
"Reading Room")

Welcome to Ledger's Reading Room. Consider it our Web3 archive where you will
find hundreds of articles covering a wide array of topics, all explained in
the clearest way possible.

[Start Reading](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/reading-room)

[ ![](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2022/06/school_of_block_thumbnail-490x275.png)
](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/school-of-block "School of Block")

####  [School of Block](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/school-of-block
"School of Block")

If you're curious about Web3 and want to take control of your digital freedom,
come along for the ride as we explore the world of crypto and blockchain one
block at a time. Each episode is a relatable take on how crypto is impacting
culture, from fine art to finance - good times guaranteed.

[Start Watching](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/school-of-block)

### LEDGER HARDWARE WALLETS

## THE SMARTEST WAY TO SECURE YOUR CRYPTO

Buy, exchange, grow and manage over 5,500 coins and tokens

[Shop now](https://shop.ledger.com/ "Shop now") [Compare
wallets](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/hardware-wallets-comparison "Compare
wallets")

[ ![](https://ledger-wp-website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2022/07/banner-en-
last.png) ](https://shop.ledger.com "Discover the new colors")

[![](https://www.ledger.com/wp-content/themes/ledger-v2/public/images/ledger-
logo-long.svg)](https://www.ledger.com "Ledger")

  * English
    * [العربية](https://www.ledger.com/ar/academy/library-ar)
    * [简体中文](https://www.ledger.com/zh-hans/academy/library-zh-hans)
    * [Français](https://www.ledger.com/fr/academy/mediatheque)
    * [Deutsch](https://www.ledger.com/de/academy/bibliothek)
    * [Русский](https://www.ledger.com/ru/academy/library-ru)
    * [Español](https://www.ledger.com/es/academy/library)
    * [日本語](https://www.ledger.com/ja/academy/library-ja)
    * [한국어](https://www.ledger.com/ko/academy/library-ko)
    * [Türkçe](https://www.ledger.com/tr/academy/kutuphane)
    * [Português](https://www.ledger.com/pt-br/academy/biblioteca)

Copyright © Ledger SAS. All rights reserved. Ledger, Ledger Stax, Ledger Nano
S, Ledger Vault, Bolos are trademarks owned by Ledger SAS.  
  
1 rue du Mail, 75002 Paris, France  
  
Payment methods  
![](/wp-content/uploads/2021/11/logo-paypal-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-crypto-s.png?v=6)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-bitpay-s.png?v=6)  
![](/wp-content/uploads/2021/11/layer1.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-visa-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-maestro-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-mastercard-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-cb-s.png?v=2)

  * Products
    * [Ledger Stax](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-stax)
    * [Ledger Nano X](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-nano-x)
    * [Ledger Nano S Plus](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-nano-s-plus)
    * [Compare our devices](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/hardware-wallets-comparison)
    * [Bundles](https://shop.ledger.com/#category-bundle)
    * [Accessories](https://shop.ledger.com/#category-accessories)
    * [All products](https://shop.ledger.com)
    * [Downloads](https://www.ledger.com/ledger-live)

  * Crypto Assets
    * [Bitcoin wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/bitcoin)
    * [Ethereum wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/ethereum)
    * [Cardano wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/cardano)
    * [XRP wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/ripple)
    * [Monero wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/monero)
    * [USDT wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/tether)
    * [See all assets](https://www.ledger.com/supported-crypto-assets)

  * Crypto Services
    * [Crypto Prices](https://www.ledger.com/coin/price)
    * [Buy crypto](https://www.ledger.com/buy)
    * [Staking crypto](https://www.ledger.com/staking)
    * [Swap crypto](https://www.ledger.com/swap)

  * For Business
    * [Ledger Enterprise Solutions](https://enterprise.ledger.com/)

  * For Startups
    * [Funding from Ledger Cathay Capital](https://www.ledger.com/cathay-ledger-fund)

  * For Developers
    * [The Developer Portal](https://developers.ledger.com/)

  * Get started
    * [Start using your Ledger device](https://www.ledger.com/start)
    * [Compatible wallets and services](https://www.ledger.com/ledger-wallets-and-services)
    * [How to buy Bitcoin](https://www.ledger.com/buy-bitcoin)
    * [Guide before buying bitcoin](https://www.ledger.com/buy-bitcoin/how)
    * [Bitcoin Hardware Wallet](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/bitcoin-hardware-wallet)

  * See also
    * [Support](https://support.ledger.com/hc)
    * [Bounty program](https://donjon.ledger.com/bounty/)
    * [Resellers](/reseller)
    * [Ledger Press Kit](https://www.ledger.com/press)
    * [Affiliates](https://www.ledgerwallet.com/affiliates/)
    * [Status](https://status.ledger.com/)
    * [Partners](/partners)

  * Careers
    * [Join us](https://www.ledger.com/career)
    * [All jobs](https://www.ledger.com/jobs)

  * About
    * [Our vision](https://www.ledger.com/blog/we-are-ledger-a-brand-vision)
    * [Ledger Academy](https://www.ledger.com/academy)
    * [The company](/the-company)
    * [The people](/the-people-behind-ledger)
    * [Diversity](https://www.ledger.com/diversity)
    * [Blog](/blog)

  * Legal
    * [Legal Center](https://www.ledger.com/legal-center)
    * [Sales Terms and Conditions](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/terms-and-conditions)
    * [Privacy Policy](https://www.ledger.com/privacy-policy)
    * [Disclaimers](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/disclaimers)

![](https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=237213137153741&ev=PageView&noscript=1)

![](https://t.co/1/i/adsct?bci=4&eci=3&event=%7B%7D&event_id=5f70b54c-f26c-4f54-baf1-66808820b721&integration=gtm&p_id=Twitter&p_user_id=0&pl_id=f1dc8aaa-
ae1c-4b70-909b-5ddb8eed5464&tw_document_href=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Flibrary%2Ftopic%2Fblockchain&tw_iframe_status=0&txn_id=nzkax&type=javascript&version=2.3.30)![](https://analytics.twitter.com/1/i/adsct?bci=4&eci=3&event=%7B%7D&event_id=5f70b54c-f26c-4f54-baf1-66808820b721&integration=gtm&p_id=Twitter&p_user_id=0&pl_id=f1dc8aaa-
ae1c-4b70-909b-5ddb8eed5464&tw_document_href=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Flibrary%2Ftopic%2Fblockchain&tw_iframe_status=0&txn_id=nzkax&type=javascript&version=2.3.30)

By clicking “Accept All Cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your
device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our
marketing efforts.

Cookies Settings Accept All Cookies

![Company Logo](https://cdn.cookielaw.org/logos/df21fb3f-71b8-491b-89ee-
eb777bcaf866/637ca236-af9d-4a40-815f-1b6a15af499d/ea9d9f41-35f0-4c24-9a83-1ef746863067/White_64.png)

## Privacy Preference Center

  * ### Your Privacy

  * ### Strictly Necessary Cookies

  * ### Performance Cookies

  * ### Functional Cookies

  * ### Targeting Cookies

  * ### Social Media Cookies

#### Your Privacy

When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your
browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you,
your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as
you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but
it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your
right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on
the different category headings to find out more and change our default
settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience
of the site and the services we are able to offer.  
[More information](https://cookiepedia.co.uk/giving-consent-to-cookies)

#### Strictly Necessary Cookies

Always Active

These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched
off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by
you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy
preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block
or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then
work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.

View Vendor Details‎

#### Performance Cookies

Performance Cookies

These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure
and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are
the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All
information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If
you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our
site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.

View Vendor Details‎

#### Functional Cookies

Functional Cookies

These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and
personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose
services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then
some or all of these services may not function properly.

View Vendor Details‎

#### Targeting Cookies

Targeting Cookies

These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They
may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show
you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal
information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet
device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted
advertising.

View Vendor Details‎

#### Social Media Cookies

Social Media Cookies

These cookies are set by a range of social media services that we have added
to the site to enable you to share our content with your friends and networks.
They are capable of tracking your browser across other sites and building up a
profile of your interests. This may impact the content and messages you see on
other websites you visit. If you do not allow these cookies you may not be
able to use or see these sharing tools.

View Vendor Details‎

Back Button

### Vendors List

Filter Button

Consent Leg.Interest

checkbox label label

checkbox label label

checkbox label label

Clear

checkbox label label

Apply Cancel

Confirm My Choices

Allow All

[![Powered by
Onetrust](https://cdn.cookielaw.org/logos/static/powered_by_logo.svg)](https://www.onetrust.com/products/cookie-
consent/)

![](https://bat.bing.com/action/0?ti=134633242&tm=gtm002&Ver=2&mid=4280590d-75c8-4273-a9ba-8f3e7f7eb1f8&sid=f9d6eab01cfc11ef9eb1affb8d437b9a&vid=f9d711a01cfc11ef9e95f78ddabeb687&vids=1&msclkid=N&pi=918639831&lg=en-
US&sw=800&sh=600&sc=24&tl=Library%20%7C%20Ledger&p=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Flibrary%2Ftopic%2Fblockchain&r=&lt=2156&evt=pageLoad&sv=1&rn=906395)

![dot image
pixel](https://sp.analytics.yahoo.com/sp.pl?a=10000&d=Tue%2C%2028%20May%202024%2014%3A17%3A12%20GMT&n=0&b=Library%20%7C%20Ledger&.yp=10159916&f=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Flibrary%2Ftopic%2Fblockchain&enc=UTF-8&yv=1.15.1&tagmgr=gtm)

