[](https://www.binance.com/en)

[Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/crypto/buy)

[Markets](https://www.binance.com/en/markets/overview)

Trade

Basic

  * [SpotBuy and sell on the Spot market with advanced tools](https://www.binance.com/en/trade/BTC_USDT?type=spot)
  * [MarginIncrease your profits with leverage](https://www.binance.com/en/trade?type=cross)
  * [P2PBuy & sell cryptocurrencies using bank transfer and 800+ options](https://p2p.binance.com/en)
  * [Convert & Block TradeThe easiest way to trade at all sizes](https://www.binance.com/en/convert)

Advanced

  * [Trading BotsTrade smarter with our various automated strategies - easy, fast and reliable](https://www.binance.com/en/trading-bots)
  * [Copy TradingFollow the most popular traders](https://www.binance.com/en/copy-trading)
  * [APIsUnlimited opportunities with one key](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-api)

[Futures](https://www.binance.com/en/futures/home)

  * [USDⓈ-M FuturesContracts settled in USDT and USDC](https://www.binance.com/en/futures)
  * [COIN-M FuturesContracts settled in cryptocurrency](https://www.binance.com/en/delivery)
  * [OptionsUSDT Options with limited downside and affordable entry](https://www.binance.com/en/eoptions)

[Earn](https://www.binance.com/en/earn)

[Square](https://www.binance.com/en/square)

  * [SquareStay informed with everything crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/square)
  * [Academy (Learn & Earn)Earn crypto by learning about blockchain](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn)
  * [BlogExpand your knowledge and get the latest insights](https://www.binance.com/en/blog)
  * [ResearchInstitutional-grade analysis, in-depth insights, and more](https://www.binance.com/en/research)

More

  * [VIP & InstitutionalYour trusted digital asset platform for VIPs and institutions](https://www.binance.com/en/vip-institutional-services)
  * [Launchpad & LaunchpoolDiscover and gain access to new token launches](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)
  * [MegadropLock your BNB and complete Web3 quests for boosted airdrop rewards](https://www.binance.com/en/megadrop)
  * [Mining PoolMine more rewards by connecting to the pool](https://pool.binance.com/en)
  * [PaySend, receive and spend crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/payment)
  * [LoansGet an instant loan secured by crypto assets](https://www.binance.com/en/loan)

  * [NFTExplore NFTs from creators worldwide](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/home)
  * [Fan TokenDiscover an all-new fandom and unlock unlimited fan experiences](https://www.binance.com/en/fan-token)
  * [Web3 WalletMeet the next-generation Web3 wallet](https://www.binance.com/en/web3wallet)
  * [BNB ChainThe most popular blockchain to build your own dApp](https://www.bnbchain.org)
  * [CharityBlockchain empowers charity to be more transparent, efficient, and traceable](https://www.binance.charity)

[Log
In](https://accounts.binance.com/en/login?loginChannel=blog&return_to=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYmluYW5jZS5jb20vZW4vYmxvZy9lYXJuL2hvdy1kby1pLWRvLWEtb25ldGltZS1wdXJjaGFzZS1vZi10aGUtaW5kZXhsaW5rZWQtcGxhbi03Nzc5MjUyNDAxMzQxMjI0OTc2P2xhbmc9ZW4%3D)[Sign
Up](https://accounts.binance.com/en/register?registerChannel=blog&return_to=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYmluYW5jZS5jb20vZW4vYmxvZy9lYXJuL2hvdy1kby1pLWRvLWEtb25ldGltZS1wdXJjaGFzZS1vZi10aGUtaW5kZXhsaW5rZWQtcGxhbi03Nzc5MjUyNDAxMzQxMjI0OTc2P2xhbmc9ZW4%3D)

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/images/common/logo.png)

Scan to Download App IOS & Android

[More Download
Options](https://www.binance.com/en/download?utm_source=&utm_campaign=)

##### [Binance Blog](/blog)

# How Do I Do a One-time Purchase of the Index-linked Plan?

2022-12-15

##  Main Takeaways

  * Binance has introduced the Auto-Invest Index-Linked Plan.

  * This plan is linked to the Top 10 Equal-Weighted Index that allows you to easily track the performance of the top 10 digital assets.

  * This step-by-step guide is here to help you do a one-time purchase of the Index-Linked Plan.

_Learn all you need to know to make a one-time purchase of the Index-Linked
Plan through this step-by-step guide._

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20221215/21d6ba91-ebc9-4509-91fd-5b2032d5d216)

With the introduction of Binance’s new Auto-Invest Index-Linked Plan, users
can automate the purchase of cryptocurrencies that make up the [Binance
CoinMarketCap (CMC) Top 10 Equal-Weighted
Index](https://www.binance.com/en/ew-index). To further simplify the process,
we’ve prepared a guide that you can follow when making a one-time purchase of
a lump-sum worth of the Index-Linked Plan with Auto-Invest to automate your
regular crypto purchases.

  1. Go to **[Earn]** \- **[Auto-Invest]** \- **[Subscribe]** \- **[Index-Linked]** , then proceed to **[Create a plan]**.

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20221215/e64a4cdb-8057-4c66-9ad5-d6b99ac9311b)

  2. From there, you can set up the frequency of purchases, selecting from a range of available options. For example, if you want to make automated purchases daily, you can create a **[Daily]** plan and set the exact time on which the purchase will be executed every day, down to an hour.

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20221215/2a8294dc-98b8-4163-a6e7-9b737f699f92)

  3. Once you have scheduled your plan, you will be able to see it under **[My Plan]**.

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20221215/a9f923c3-56a0-43ba-
abe0-1483ab1c0d5e)

  4. At the scheduled time (e.g. 1:00 PM), your plan will be executed, which will be reflected in the updated balance.

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20221215/98019bc7-c204-4bf6-a7db-8f79bf88229a)

  5. If needed, you can pause the plan by following **[My Plan]** \- **[Status]** \- **[Toggle Paused].** Please note that, as long as your plan is paused and not redeemed, the assets will go through [monthly rebalancing. ](https://www.binance.com/en/support/faq/what-is-auto-invest-index-linked-plan-and-how-to-use-it-7c3d334a57f74268b0df67bbeb1df41c)

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20221215/6ee97807-b2b2-435a-b059-1eb2a5bf94e2)

  6. Congratulations! You have now made a one-time purchase of the Index-Linked Plan tracking the top 10 coins by market capitalization (excluding stablecoins) with monthly rebalancing. 

Note: Cryptocurrencies purchased through the Index-Linked Plan will be
retained within the Auto-Invest account. They will not be deposited into your
Flexible account. They also do not generate Simple Earn rewards. To check your
purchased cryptocurrencies, please go to “View Details”.

**Additional: How do I redeem my assets into the spot wallet?  **

(This information is for users who want to use Index-Linked Plans as a one-
time purchase of cryptocurrencies into their spot wallet.)

  1. For your cryptocurrencies to be redeemed to your spot wallet, go to **[My Plan]** \- **[View Details]** \- **[Redeem] - [100%]**  
![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20221215/1bbbaf2e-3142-445e-83d4-9ebd8e35fa74)

  2. Now, all your one-time purchases will appear in your spot wallet! 

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20221215/4edb760c-6b7e-4303-9e47-15a17d682978)

Please note that redeeming your assets to your spot wallet will **remove**
your constant and dynamic exposure to the top 10 highest-market cap coins,
rebalanced monthly.

[![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20221215/f8fdf926-05d1-466f-a488-3607c6bf3c06)](https://app.binance.com/en/auto-
invest?_dp=L21wL2FwcD9hcHBJZD1Bcnp0ZnM5Z1JHbjNnMnRLaVVmRnJCJnN0YXJ0UGFnZVBhdGg9Y0dGblpYTXZVM1ZpYzJOeWFXSmxMMmx1WkdWNCZzdGFydFBhZ2VRdWVyeT1kR0ZpU1c1a1pYZzlNZw==)

Read the following articles to learn more about Binance’s Auto-Invest Index-
Linked Plan and additional resources:

  * [What is the Auto-Invest Index-Linked Plan and How to Use it](https://www.binance.com/en/support/faq/what-is-auto-invest-index-linked-plan-and-how-to-use-it-7c3d334a57f74268b0df67bbeb1df41c)

  * [Auto-Invest Index-Linked Plan Terms of Use](https://www.binance.com/en/support/faq/auto-invest-terms-of-use-fe2cf6e9534f4f54b2b01e2f5cd78d20)

  * [Binance CMC Cryptocurrency Top 10 Equal-Weighted Index ](https://www.binance.com/en/ew-index)

  * [Blog: Binance Launches the Top 10 Equal-Weighted Index ](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/earn/binance-launches-the-top-10-equalweighted-index-6456247183362851400)

_Binance reserves the right in its sole discretion to amend or change or
cancel this announcement at any time and for any reasons without prior
notice._

_Risk Warning: Digital assets are subject to high market risk and price
volatility. The value of your investment can go down or up, and you may not
get back the amount invested. You are solely responsible for your investment
decisions and Binance is not liable for any losses you may incur. Past
performance is not a reliable predictor of future performance. You should only
invest in products you are familiar with and where you understand the risks.
You should carefully consider your investment experience, financial situation,
investment objectives and risk tolerance and consult an independent financial
adviser prior to making any investment. This material should not be construed
as financial advice. For more information, see our_[Terms of
Use](https://www.binance.com/en/terms) _and_[Risk
Warning](https://www.binance.com/en/risk-warning) _._

195,058,007 users chose us. Find out why today.

Register Now

Like this post

###### Share Post

Article Outlines

How Do I Do a One-time Purchase of the Index-linked Plan?

 Main Takeaways

195,058,007 users chose us. Find out why today.

Register Now

### Community

[](https://discord.gg/jE4wt8g2H2)[](https://www.binance.com/en/community)[](https://www.tiktok.com/@binance?lang=en)[](https://www.facebook.com/binance)[](https://twitter.com/binance)[](https://www.reddit.com/r/binance)[](https://www.instagram.com/Binance/)[](https://coinmarketcap.com/exchanges/binance/)[](https://www.youtube.com/binanceyoutube)[](https://www.binance.com/en/community)

Theme

Theme

### About Us

  * [About](https://www.binance.com/en/about)
  * [Careers](https://www.binance.com/en/careers)
  * [Announcements](https://www.binance.com/en/support/announcement)
  * [News](https://www.binance.com/en/square/news/all)
  * [Press](https://www.binance.com/en/press)
  * [Legal](https://www.binance.com/en/legal/home)
  * [Terms](https://www.binance.com/en/terms)
  * [Privacy](https://www.binance.com/en/about-legal/privacy-portal)
  * [Building Trust](https://www.binance.com/en/land/building_trust)
  * [Blog](https://www.binance.com/en/blog)
  * [Community](https://www.binance.com/en/community)
  * [Sitemap](https://www.binance.com/en/country-region-selector)
  * [Risk Warning](https://www.binance.com/en/risk-warning)
  * [Notices](https://www.binance.com/en/support/list/notices)
  * [Downloads](https://www.binance.com/en/download)
  * [Desktop Application](https://www.binance.com/en/desktop-download)

### Products

  * [Exchange](https://www.binance.com/en/trade)
  * [Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/buy-sell-crypto)
  * [Leveraged Tokens](https://www.binance.com/en/leveraged-tokens/tokens/allTokens)
  * [TradingView](https://www.binance.com/en/land/tradingview)
  * [Pay](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/payment)
  * [Academy](https://academy.binance.com/en)
  * [Live](https://www.binance.com/en/live)
  * [Tax](https://www.binance.com/en/tax)
  * [Gift Card](https://www.binance.com/en/gift-card)
  * [Launchpad & Launchpool](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)
  * [Auto-Invest](https://www.binance.com/en/auto-invest)
  * [ETH Staking](https://www.binance.com/en/eth2)
  * [NFT](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/home)
  * [BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/bnb)
  * [BABT](https://www.binance.com/en/BABT?source=footer)
  * [Research](https://www.binance.com/en/research)
  * [Charity](https://www.binance.charity)

### Business

  * [P2P Merchant Application](https://c2c.binance.com/en/merchantApplication)
  * [P2Pro Merchant Application](https://p2p.binance.com/en/p2pro)
  * [Listing Application](https://www.binance.com/en/my/coin-apply)
  * [Institutional & VIP Services](https://www.binance.com/en/vip-institutional-services)
  * [Labs](https://labs.binance.com/)

### Learn

  * [Learn & Earn](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn)
  * [Browse Crypto Prices](https://www.binance.com/en/price)
  * [Bitcoin Price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/bitcoin)
  * [Ethereum Price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/ethereum)
  * [Browse Crypto Price Predictions](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction)
  * [Bitcoin Price Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction/bitcoin)
  * [Ethereum Price Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction/ethereum)
  * [Buy Bitcoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bitcoin)
  * [Buy BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bnb)
  * [Buy Ripple](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/xrp)
  * [Buy Dogecoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/dogecoin)
  * [Buy Ethereum](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/ethereum)
  * [Buy Tradable Altcoins](https://www.binance.com/en/altcoins/tradable)

### Service

  * [Affiliate](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/affiliate)
  * [Referral](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/referral?utm_source=Lite_web_footer)
  * [OTC Trading](https://www.binance.com/en/otc)
  * [Historical Market Data](https://www.binance.com/en/landing/data)
  * [Proof of Reserves](https://www.binance.com/en/proof-of-reserves)

### Support

  * [24/7 Chat Support](https://www.binance.com/en/chat?sourceEntry=4)
  * [Support Center](https://www.binance.com/en/support)
  * [Product Feedback & Suggestions](https://www.binance.com/en/my/user-support/feedback/entry)
  * [Fees](https://www.binance.com/en/fee/schedule)
  * [APIs](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-api)
  * [Binance Verify](https://www.binance.com/en/official-verification)
  * [Trading Rules](https://www.binance.com/en/trade-rule)
  * [Binance Airdrop Portal](https://www.binance.com/en/airdrop)
  * [Law Enforcement Requests](https://www.binance.com/en/support/law-enforcement)

Binance© 2024Cookie Preferences

