[](https://www.binance.com/en)

[Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/crypto/buy)

[Markets](https://www.binance.com/en/markets/overview)

Trade

Basic

  * [SpotBuy and sell on the Spot market with advanced tools](https://www.binance.com/en/trade/BTC_USDT?type=spot)
  * [MarginIncrease your profits with leverage](https://www.binance.com/en/trade?type=cross)
  * [P2PBuy & sell cryptocurrencies using bank transfer and 800+ options](https://p2p.binance.com/en)
  * [Convert & Block TradeThe easiest way to trade at all sizes](https://www.binance.com/en/convert)

Advanced

  * [Trading BotsTrade smarter with our various automated strategies - easy, fast and reliable](https://www.binance.com/en/trading-bots)
  * [Copy TradingFollow the most popular traders](https://www.binance.com/en/copy-trading)
  * [APIsUnlimited opportunities with one key](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-api)

[Futures](https://www.binance.com/en/futures/home)

  * [USDⓈ-M FuturesContracts settled in USDT and USDC](https://www.binance.com/en/futures)
  * [COIN-M FuturesContracts settled in cryptocurrency](https://www.binance.com/en/delivery)
  * [OptionsUSDT Options with limited downside and affordable entry](https://www.binance.com/en/eoptions)

[Earn](https://www.binance.com/en/earn)

[Square](https://www.binance.com/en/square)

  * [SquareStay informed with everything crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/square)
  * [Academy (Learn & Earn)Earn crypto by learning about blockchain](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn)
  * [BlogExpand your knowledge and get the latest insights](https://www.binance.com/en/blog)
  * [ResearchInstitutional-grade analysis, in-depth insights, and more](https://www.binance.com/en/research)

More

  * [VIP & InstitutionalYour trusted digital asset platform for VIPs and institutions](https://www.binance.com/en/vip-institutional-services)
  * [Launchpad & LaunchpoolDiscover and gain access to new token launches](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)
  * [MegadropLock your BNB and complete Web3 quests for boosted airdrop rewards](https://www.binance.com/en/megadrop)
  * [Mining PoolMine more rewards by connecting to the pool](https://pool.binance.com/en)
  * [PaySend, receive and spend crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/payment)
  * [LoansGet an instant loan secured by crypto assets](https://www.binance.com/en/loan)

  * [NFTExplore NFTs from creators worldwide](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/home)
  * [Fan TokenDiscover an all-new fandom and unlock unlimited fan experiences](https://www.binance.com/en/fan-token)
  * [Web3 WalletMeet the next-generation Web3 wallet](https://www.binance.com/en/web3wallet)
  * [BNB ChainThe most popular blockchain to build your own dApp](https://www.bnbchain.org)
  * [CharityBlockchain empowers charity to be more transparent, efficient, and traceable](https://www.binance.charity)

[Log
In](https://accounts.binance.com/en/login?loginChannel=blog&return_to=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYmluYW5jZS5jb20vZW4vYmxvZy9mYW4tdG9rZW4vZGVzaWduLXBpZXJyZS1nYXNseXMtZjEtaGVsbWV0LXdpdGgtYmluYW5jZS0zMTcwMjkwNjk1NTQyODE4Mzk4P2xhbmc9ZW4%3D)[Sign
Up](https://accounts.binance.com/en/register?registerChannel=blog&return_to=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYmluYW5jZS5jb20vZW4vYmxvZy9mYW4tdG9rZW4vZGVzaWduLXBpZXJyZS1nYXNseXMtZjEtaGVsbWV0LXdpdGgtYmluYW5jZS0zMTcwMjkwNjk1NTQyODE4Mzk4P2xhbmc9ZW4%3D)

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/images/common/logo.png)

Scan to Download App IOS & Android

[More Download
Options](https://www.binance.com/en/download?utm_source=&utm_campaign=)

##### [Binance Blog](/blog)

# Design Pierre Gasly's F1 Helmet With Binance

2023-08-31

## Main Takeaways

  * The Binance and BWT Alpine F1 Team partnership is revolutionizing the fan experience in the world of Formula 1 racing.

  * A unique contest offers fans the thrilling opportunity to design Pierre Gasly’s racing helmet. All entries must be submitted by September 8, 2023.

  * A range of prizes await, including the grand prize of Gasly wearing the winning design at the Abu Dhabi Grand Prix and a replica helmet worth 5,000 euros. 

_Join Binance and BWT Alpine F1 Team in a groundbreaking contest to design
Pierre Gasly's helmet for the Abu Dhabi Grand Prix._

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20230831/602dc521-d9db-49d6-94c7-1284f2183c8d)

Calling all motorsport fans, design gurus, and crypto enthusiasts! In the
heart-thumping world of Formula 1, every twist, turn, and straight is a
testament to human ingenuity and passion. Today, that excitement expands
beyond the racetrack thanks to Binance and its partnership with the BWT Alpine
F1 Team.

This collaboration isn't just about the thrill of racing; it's about
celebrating the fans. This season, we've teamed up with F1 sensation, Alpine
driver Pierre Gasly, for a special competition. The stakes? A once-in-a-
lifetime chance to [_design Pierre Gasly's
helmet_](https://www.binance.com/en/land/pierre-gasly-f1) for the Abu Dhabi
Grand Prix on November 26, 2023.

It's time to rev your engines! If you've ever dreamed of leaving your mark on
F1 and owning a piece of extra special race memorabilia, then this is your
moment. Before we delve deep into the details of this exhilarating
competition, let's take a pit stop and revisit the groundbreaking partnership
that’s made it possible.

## Revolution on the Racetrack: Binance x Alpine

F1 and innovation have always gone hand in hand. In 2022, that relationship
took an even greater step forward when Binance and the BWT Alpine F1 Team
announced their partnership. But this isn’t just about branding; it’s about
changing the fan experience.

By introducing the ALPINE Fan Token, Binance and Alpine transformed the way
fans can interact with the sport. The token allows its holders to enjoy
exclusive privileges. For example, ALPINE can be used to unlock unique digital
collectibles, voice an opinion in team decisions, and access exclusive Alpine
experiences and events.

ALPINE is more than a token — it’s a bridge, connecting fans directly to the
exhilarating world of F1. And now, with the Pierre Gasly helmet competition,
you get to make a mark on that legacy.

## The Ultimate Race: Your Design on the Grand Stage

Together with Alpine, we're racing towards a new frontier. F1 superstar and
Alpine driver Pierre Gasly has teamed up with Binance for an aesthetic
challenge — to design the very helmet he'll wear at the Abu Dhabi Grand Prix
on November 26, 2023.

### How to take part: getting started is easy

**Eligibility Check** : If you’re 18 or older and a verified Binance user,
you’re already on the starting grid. But let’s keep it fair: Binance
employees, our affiliates, and partners should sit this race out.

**Where Passion Meets Creativity** : This contest is your canvas. Embrace
originality, ensure no third-party copyright taints your masterpiece, and
infuse your love for F1 and Binance into your effort. Access and download the
[_Design Specifications_](https://www.binance.com/en/land/pierre-gasly-f1)
before submitting your vision via our dedicated [_Binance
Survey_](https://www.binance.com/en/survey/76046b94213245eab75ce19d08b62259)
before September 8, 2023.

**For the Victor, the Spoils** : The adrenaline of seeing Gasly race wearing
your design in Abu Dhabi is just the beginning. Bragging rights and a signed
helmet replica (estimated to be worth 5,000 EUR) await the winner!

### Rules of the race: things to keep in mind

**Originality is King** : Ensure your design is pure, unadulterated
creativity. Prioritize originality. Copycats don’t win races. Plagiarism will
put brakes on your entry.

**Stay Clean** : Avoid inappropriate/explicit content, alcohol imagery, and —
of course — anything discriminatory.

**Adherence is Key** : The helmet has specifications and a blueprint. Stick to
them. See the [_competition page_](https://www.binance.com/en/land/pierre-
gasly-f1) for step-by-step instructions and more info.

Keep your eyes on the road and make sure you adhere to all of the above
guidelines.

## Crowning the Champion

A stellar panel of judges awaits your entries — which must be submitted by
September 8, 2023. Your designs will then undergo scrutiny based on
originality, F1 spirit, sponsor placement, technical prowess, aesthetics, and
alignment with Binance's vision. The top ten will be shortlisted, with Pierre
Gasly and his team picking the final winner.

But it doesn't all end there. For those flexing their designs on social media,
there's a separate lane! Simply share your design online before September 8,
and ensure you tag [_@Binance_](https://x.com/binance) while also using the
hashtag #GASLYxBinance.

Ten runners-up will then be chosen based on the popularity of their designs,
as gauged by the number of likes, shares, and overall engagement their designs
receive. Each will receive a special mini-helmet replica (estimated value 185
EUR).

## Final Thoughts

F1 isn’t just about cars racing to the finish line. It's about the passion of
millions of fans around the world. Through the Pierre Gasly helmet
competition, you don't remain a spectator; you become a part of this grand
legacy. Whether you're a professional designer, a weekend artist, or someone
who breathes motorsport, this is your moment. So, what are you waiting for?
Gear up, [_participate_](https://www.binance.com/en/land/pierre-gasly-f1) ,
and etch your name in F1 history. From Binance's paddock, we send turbocharged
wishes to all those taking part!

## Further Reading

  * [ _Design Pierre Gasly's Helmet: Start Here_](https://www.binance.com/en/land/pierre-gasly-f1)

  * [ _Pierre Gasly Competition: Terms & Conditions_](https://www.binance.com/en/land/pierre-gasly-f1-terms)

  * [ _Binance Partners with BWT Alpine F1 Team_](https://www.binance.com/en/support/announcement/binance-partners-with-bwt-alpine-f1%C2%AE-team-280-000-alpine-fan-tokens-to-be-airdropped-to-the-community-14f033f78d174d5e8ab0cabfd56dffb8)

 _Disclaimer: Cryptocurrency prices are subject to high market risk and price
volatility. You should only invest in products that you are familiar with and
where you understand the associated risks. You should carefully consider your
investment experience, financial situation, investment objectives and risk
tolerance and consult an independent financial adviser prior to making any
investment. This material should not be construed as financial advice. Past
performance is not a reliable indicator of future performance. The value of
your investment can go down as well as up, and you may not get back the amount
you invested. You are solely responsible for your investment decisions.
Binance is not responsible for any losses you may incur. For more information,
please refer to our_[ __Terms of Use__](https://www.binance.com/en/terms)
_and_[ __Risk Warning__](https://www.binance.com/en/risk-warning) _._

194,808,262 users chose us. Find out why today.

Register Now

Like this post

###### Share Post

Article Outlines

Design Pierre Gasly's F1 Helmet With Binance

Main Takeaways

Revolution on the Racetrack: Binance x Alpine

The Ultimate Race: Your Design on the Grand Stage

Crowning the Champion

Final Thoughts

Further Reading

194,808,262 users chose us. Find out why today.

Register Now

### Community

[](https://discord.gg/jE4wt8g2H2)[](https://www.binance.com/en/community)[](https://www.tiktok.com/@binance?lang=en)[](https://www.facebook.com/binance)[](https://twitter.com/binance)[](https://www.reddit.com/r/binance)[](https://www.instagram.com/Binance/)[](https://coinmarketcap.com/exchanges/binance/)[](https://www.youtube.com/binanceyoutube)[](https://www.binance.com/en/community)

USD-$

USD-$

AED-د.إ

ARS-ARS$

AUD-A$

BDT-৳

BGN-лв

BHD-.د.ب

BOB-$b

BRL-R$

CAD-C$

CHF-CHF

CNY-¥

COP-COL$

CZK-Kč

DKK-KR

EGP-E£

EUR-€

GBP-£

HKD-HKD

HRK-kn

HUF-Ft

IDR-Rp

INR-₹

JPY-¥

KES-KSh

KWD-ك.د

KZT-₸

MAD-م.د.

MNT-₮

MXN-Mex$

NZD-NZ$

OMR-ر.ع.

PEN-S/.

PHP-₱

PKR-₨

PLN-zł

QAR-ر.ق

RON-lei

RUB-₽

SAR-ر.س

SEK-kr

THB-฿

TRY-₺

TWD-NT$

UAH-₴

UGX-USh

VES-Bs

VND-₫

ZAR-R

Theme

USD

Theme

### About Us

  * [About](https://www.binance.com/en/about)
  * [Careers](https://www.binance.com/en/careers)
  * [Announcements](https://www.binance.com/en/support/announcement)
  * [News](https://www.binance.com/en/square/news/all)
  * [Press](https://www.binance.com/en/press)
  * [Legal](https://www.binance.com/en/legal/home)
  * [Terms](https://www.binance.com/en/terms)
  * [Privacy](https://www.binance.com/en/about-legal/privacy-portal)
  * [Building Trust](https://www.binance.com/en/land/building_trust)
  * [Blog](https://www.binance.com/en/blog)
  * [Community](https://www.binance.com/en/community)
  * [Sitemap](https://www.binance.com/en/country-region-selector)
  * [Risk Warning](https://www.binance.com/en/risk-warning)
  * [Notices](https://www.binance.com/en/support/list/notices)
  * [Downloads](https://www.binance.com/en/download)
  * [Desktop Application](https://www.binance.com/en/desktop-download)

### Products

  * [Exchange](https://www.binance.com/en/trade)
  * [Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/buy-sell-crypto)
  * [Leveraged Tokens](https://www.binance.com/en/leveraged-tokens/tokens/allTokens)
  * [TradingView](https://www.binance.com/en/land/tradingview)
  * [Pay](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/payment)
  * [Academy](https://academy.binance.com/en)
  * [Live](https://www.binance.com/en/live)
  * [Tax](https://www.binance.com/en/tax)
  * [Gift Card](https://www.binance.com/en/gift-card)
  * [Launchpad & Launchpool](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)
  * [Auto-Invest](https://www.binance.com/en/auto-invest)
  * [ETH Staking](https://www.binance.com/en/eth2)
  * [NFT](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/home)
  * [BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/bnb)
  * [BABT](https://www.binance.com/en/BABT?source=footer)
  * [Research](https://www.binance.com/en/research)
  * [Charity](https://www.binance.charity)

### Business

  * [P2P Merchant Application](https://c2c.binance.com/en/merchantApplication)
  * [P2Pro Merchant Application](https://p2p.binance.com/en/p2pro)
  * [Listing Application](https://www.binance.com/en/my/coin-apply)
  * [Institutional & VIP Services](https://www.binance.com/en/vip-institutional-services)
  * [Labs](https://labs.binance.com/)

### Learn

  * [Learn & Earn](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn)
  * [Browse Crypto Prices](https://www.binance.com/en/price)
  * [Bitcoin Price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/bitcoin)
  * [Ethereum Price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/ethereum)
  * [Browse Crypto Price Predictions](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction)
  * [Bitcoin Price Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction/bitcoin)
  * [Ethereum Price Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction/ethereum)
  * [Buy Bitcoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bitcoin)
  * [Buy BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bnb)
  * [Buy Ripple](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/xrp)
  * [Buy Dogecoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/dogecoin)
  * [Buy Ethereum](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/ethereum)
  * [Buy Tradable Altcoins](https://www.binance.com/en/altcoins/tradable)

### Service

  * [Affiliate](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/affiliate)
  * [Referral](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/referral?utm_source=Lite_web_footer)
  * [OTC Trading](https://www.binance.com/en/otc)
  * [Historical Market Data](https://www.binance.com/en/landing/data)
  * [Proof of Reserves](https://www.binance.com/en/proof-of-reserves)

### Support

  * [24/7 Chat Support](https://www.binance.com/en/chat?sourceEntry=4)
  * [Support Center](https://www.binance.com/en/support)
  * [Product Feedback & Suggestions](https://www.binance.com/en/my/user-support/feedback/entry)
  * [Fees](https://www.binance.com/en/fee/schedule)
  * [APIs](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-api)
  * [Binance Verify](https://www.binance.com/en/official-verification)
  * [Trading Rules](https://www.binance.com/en/trade-rule)
  * [Binance Airdrop Portal](https://www.binance.com/en/airdrop)
  * [Law Enforcement Requests](https://www.binance.com/en/support/law-enforcement)

Binance© 2024Cookie Preferences

