[](https://www.binance.com/en)

[Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/crypto/buy)

[Markets](https://www.binance.com/en/markets/overview)

Trade

Basic

  * [SpotBuy and sell on the Spot market with advanced tools](https://www.binance.com/en/trade/BTC_USDT?type=spot)
  * [MarginIncrease your profits with leverage](https://www.binance.com/en/trade?type=cross)
  * [P2PBuy & sell cryptocurrencies using bank transfer and 800+ options](https://p2p.binance.com/en)
  * [Convert & Block TradeThe easiest way to trade at all sizes](https://www.binance.com/en/convert)

Advanced

  * [Trading BotsTrade smarter with our various automated strategies - easy, fast and reliable](https://www.binance.com/en/trading-bots)
  * [Copy TradingFollow the most popular traders](https://www.binance.com/en/copy-trading)
  * [APIsUnlimited opportunities with one key](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-api)

[Futures](https://www.binance.com/en/futures/home)

  * [USDⓈ-M FuturesContracts settled in USDT and USDC](https://www.binance.com/en/futures)
  * [COIN-M FuturesContracts settled in cryptocurrency](https://www.binance.com/en/delivery)
  * [OptionsUSDT Options with limited downside and affordable entry](https://www.binance.com/en/eoptions)

[Earn](https://www.binance.com/en/earn)

[Square](https://www.binance.com/en/square)

  * [SquareStay informed with everything crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/square)
  * [Academy (Learn & Earn)Earn crypto by learning about blockchain](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn)
  * [BlogExpand your knowledge and get the latest insights](https://www.binance.com/en/blog)
  * [ResearchInstitutional-grade analysis, in-depth insights, and more](https://www.binance.com/en/research)

More

  * [VIP & InstitutionalYour trusted digital asset platform for VIPs and institutions](https://www.binance.com/en/vip-institutional-services)
  * [Launchpad & LaunchpoolDiscover and gain access to new token launches](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)
  * [MegadropLock your BNB and complete Web3 quests for boosted airdrop rewards](https://www.binance.com/en/megadrop)
  * [Mining PoolMine more rewards by connecting to the pool](https://pool.binance.com/en)
  * [PaySend, receive and spend crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/payment)
  * [LoansGet an instant loan secured by crypto assets](https://www.binance.com/en/loan)

  * [NFTExplore NFTs from creators worldwide](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/home)
  * [Fan TokenDiscover an all-new fandom and unlock unlimited fan experiences](https://www.binance.com/en/fan-token)
  * [Web3 WalletMeet the next-generation Web3 wallet](https://www.binance.com/en/web3wallet)
  * [BNB ChainThe most popular blockchain to build your own dApp](https://www.bnbchain.org)
  * [CharityBlockchain empowers charity to be more transparent, efficient, and traceable](https://www.binance.charity)

[Log
In](https://accounts.binance.com/en/login?loginChannel=blog&return_to=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYmluYW5jZS5jb20vZW4vYmxvZy9mdXR1cmVzL29wdGlvbnMtcmZxLWhvdy10by1nZXQtc3RhcnRlZC13aXRoLXRoaXMtcG93ZXJmdWwtcHJvZHVjdC00ODU4ODg5ODQ3NjUyNjkwODAzP2xhbmc9ZW4%3D)[Sign
Up](https://accounts.binance.com/en/register?registerChannel=blog&return_to=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYmluYW5jZS5jb20vZW4vYmxvZy9mdXR1cmVzL29wdGlvbnMtcmZxLWhvdy10by1nZXQtc3RhcnRlZC13aXRoLXRoaXMtcG93ZXJmdWwtcHJvZHVjdC00ODU4ODg5ODQ3NjUyNjkwODAzP2xhbmc9ZW4%3D)

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/images/common/logo.png)

Scan to Download App IOS & Android

[More Download
Options](https://www.binance.com/en/download?utm_source=&utm_campaign=)

##### [Binance Blog](/blog)

# Options RFQ: How To Get Started With This Powerful Product

2024-01-26

# Main Takeaways

  * [ _Binance Options RFQ_](https://www.binance.com/en/OTC-Trading/OptionRFQ) is a brand-new product that helps you get deep liquidity on options.

  * Once you have specified your trade details, the system will return a quote. After execution, the trade is automatically added to your options account.

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20240126/5fbad73b-7245-4f90-8c27-97d35657c4c2.png)

Navigating the diverse array of financial tools may feel overwhelming
initially, especially when it comes to trading crypto derivatives. From
selecting your preferred options to understanding risk factors, the intricate
art of cryptocurrency trading requires careful planning and strategic
execution. Today, let's break down how you can efficiently leverage the new
Binance Options RFQ.

RFQ stands for ‘Request For Quote.’ As the name implies, this product lets
users request option quotes from the Binance OTC Trading Desk. Options RFQ
provides institutional-grade prices across all of Binance’s OTC and block
trading products.

Below is a step-by-step guide for you to access the Binance Options OTC page
and get started with Options RFQ.

# Getting Familiar With Binance Options OTC

Before you set sail on your trading journey, ensure that you're logged into
your Binance account. If you haven't created an account yet, please do so.

### First Step: Reading The Binance Options Agreement

In order to use the Options OTC page, you first need to acknowledge that you
have read the Binance Options Service Agreement, and complete the
questionnaire.

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20240130/9ab0f273-dde0-473f-9917-f83ea60b0c56)

First, if you haven’t done so already, please log into your Binance account.

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20240130/5d117698-5e5e-4253-a9ba-e3f1b3e41702)

Once you’ve logged in, affirm that you have read the Binance Options Service
Agreement.

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20240130/0a490810-8b04-4059-a8d0-453dccb61204)

Second, make sure you have completed the questionnaire.

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20240130/80e8f0ce-f9ba-467f-b07b-22fe56d89da7)

Please answer all questions correctly before you can commence.

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20240130/476eaaf3-9a9c-404c-8e9a-53e7c10c9f27)

A notification should immediately appear to confirm the successful completion
of the questionnaire.

### Opening Your Path To Options: Establishing an Options Account

If you have not already done so, your next move involves the creation of an
Options account.

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20240130/beaa3a51-7524-4d22-9ef9-d4a5a39521b0)

Having finalized the above steps, you should now be able to access the Binance
Options OTC page. You’ll notice that the left side of this page is for
entering your trade details, and the right side will be populated with your
requested quote, along with some useful data and options greeks.

### Constructing Your Trade: Inputting Details

In this step, you get to draft your trade by commencing with the selection of
the symbol.

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20240130/78971799-b10a-45ff-
ab39-d22babd1f39f)

Following this, select the option type, its expiry date, strike price, and
then input the contract amount (fractional counts are allowed).

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20240130/965b5d45-0a01-44e3-9d89-e8b0503055da)

### Getting Your Quote: Sending An RFQ

After filling in all the required fields, press ‘Request Quote’ to send your
request.

The field on the right will now be populated with a short summary of your
request and the corresponding quote.

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20240130/3f05dddb-7a14-48c1-9ac8-5d7aa89b2ae7)

Once you’ve clicked ‘BUY’ or ‘SELL’, the corresponding trade will show up on
your Options Position Summary.

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20240130/45acb064-009d-4d07-a20f-e0fd7645f4ec)

That’s it – you’re all set to get started on your OTC Options journey!

Binance Options RFQ is an essential tool in the arsenal of the professional
crypto options trader. It helps provide competitive quotes where the order
book liquidity may not suffice. On top of this, it charges no trading fees!

# Further Reading

  * [ _Frequently Asked Questions on Binance Options RFQ_](https://binance.com/en/support/faq/frequently-asked-questions-on-binance-options-rfq-6d3a80c6574f482eb45457eac64bbff6)

  * [ _Why You Should Trade Binance Options_](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/futures/why-you-should-trade-binance-options-2707822984179031032)

  * [ _Crypto Futures and Options: What Are the Similarities and Differences?_](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/futures/crypto-futures-and-options-what-are-the-similarities-and-differences-421499824684902074)

Risk Warning: Digital asset prices can be volatile. The value of your
investment can go down or up, and you may not get back the amount invested.
You are solely responsible for your investment decisions, and Binance is not
liable for any losses you may incur. Futures trading, in particular, is
subject to high market risk and price volatility. All of your margin balance
may be liquidated in the event of adverse price movement. Past performance is
not a reliable predictor of future performance. Before trading, you should
make an independent assessment of the appropriateness of the transaction in
light of your own objectives and circumstances, including the risks and
potential benefits. Consult your own advisers, where appropriate. This
information should not be construed as financial or investment advice. To
learn more about how to protect yourself, visit our [Responsible Trading
page](https://www.binance.com/en/futures/responsible-trading). For more
information, see our [Terms of Use](https://www.binance.com/en/terms) and
[Risk Warning](https://www.binance.com/en/risk-warning).

194,904,412 users chose us. Find out why today.

Register Now

Like this post

###### Share Post

Article Outlines

Options RFQ: How To Get Started With This Powerful Product

Main Takeaways

Getting Familiar With Binance Options OTC

Further Reading

194,904,412 users chose us. Find out why today.

Register Now

### Community

[](https://discord.gg/jE4wt8g2H2)[](https://www.binance.com/en/community)[](https://www.tiktok.com/@binance?lang=en)[](https://www.facebook.com/binance)[](https://twitter.com/binance)[](https://www.reddit.com/r/binance)[](https://www.instagram.com/Binance/)[](https://coinmarketcap.com/exchanges/binance/)[](https://www.youtube.com/binanceyoutube)[](https://www.binance.com/en/community)

English

English

العربية

العربية (البحرين)

български

Čeština

Dansk

Deutsch (Schweiz)

Ελληνικά

English (UAE)

English (Australia)

English (Bahrain)

English (India)

English (Japan)

English (Kazakhstan)

English (Nigeria)

English (New Zealand)

English (South Africa)

Español (España)

Español (Argentina)

Español (Latinoamérica)

Español (México)

Français

Français (Afrique)

magyar nyelv

Bahasa Indonesia

Italiano

日本語

Қазақша (Қазақстан)

Қазақша

ລາວ

latviešu valoda

Polski

Português

Português (Brasil)

Română

Русский

Русский (Казахстан)

Русский (Украина)

සිංහල

Slovenčina

Slovenščina

Svenska

Türkçe

Українська

Tiếng Việt

简体中文

繁體中文

USD-$

USD-$

AED-د.إ

ARS-ARS$

AUD-A$

BDT-৳

BGN-лв

BHD-.د.ب

BOB-$b

BRL-R$

CAD-C$

CHF-CHF

CNY-¥

COP-COL$

CZK-Kč

DKK-KR

EGP-E£

EUR-€

GBP-£

HKD-HKD

HRK-kn

HUF-Ft

IDR-Rp

INR-₹

JPY-¥

KES-KSh

KWD-ك.د

KZT-₸

MAD-م.د.

MNT-₮

MXN-Mex$

NZD-NZ$

OMR-ر.ع.

PEN-S/.

PHP-₱

PKR-₨

PLN-zł

QAR-ر.ق

RON-lei

RUB-₽

SAR-ر.س

SEK-kr

THB-฿

TRY-₺

TWD-NT$

UAH-₴

UGX-USh

VES-Bs

VND-₫

ZAR-R

Theme

English

USD

Theme

### About Us

  * [About](https://www.binance.com/en/about)
  * [Careers](https://www.binance.com/en/careers)
  * [Announcements](https://www.binance.com/en/support/announcement)
  * [News](https://www.binance.com/en/square/news/all)
  * [Press](https://www.binance.com/en/press)
  * [Legal](https://www.binance.com/en/legal/home)
  * [Terms](https://www.binance.com/en/terms)
  * [Privacy](https://www.binance.com/en/about-legal/privacy-portal)
  * [Building Trust](https://www.binance.com/en/land/building_trust)
  * [Blog](https://www.binance.com/en/blog)
  * [Community](https://www.binance.com/en/community)
  * [Sitemap](https://www.binance.com/en/country-region-selector)
  * [Risk Warning](https://www.binance.com/en/risk-warning)
  * [Notices](https://www.binance.com/en/support/list/notices)
  * [Downloads](https://www.binance.com/en/download)
  * [Desktop Application](https://www.binance.com/en/desktop-download)

### Products

  * [Exchange](https://www.binance.com/en/trade)
  * [Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/buy-sell-crypto)
  * [Leveraged Tokens](https://www.binance.com/en/leveraged-tokens/tokens/allTokens)
  * [TradingView](https://www.binance.com/en/land/tradingview)
  * [Pay](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/payment)
  * [Academy](https://academy.binance.com/en)
  * [Live](https://www.binance.com/en/live)
  * [Tax](https://www.binance.com/en/tax)
  * [Gift Card](https://www.binance.com/en/gift-card)
  * [Launchpad & Launchpool](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)
  * [Auto-Invest](https://www.binance.com/en/auto-invest)
  * [ETH Staking](https://www.binance.com/en/eth2)
  * [NFT](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/home)
  * [BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/bnb)
  * [BABT](https://www.binance.com/en/BABT?source=footer)
  * [Research](https://www.binance.com/en/research)
  * [Charity](https://www.binance.charity)

### Business

  * [P2P Merchant Application](https://c2c.binance.com/en/merchantApplication)
  * [P2Pro Merchant Application](https://p2p.binance.com/en/p2pro)
  * [Listing Application](https://www.binance.com/en/my/coin-apply)
  * [Institutional & VIP Services](https://www.binance.com/en/vip-institutional-services)
  * [Labs](https://labs.binance.com/)

### Learn

  * [Learn & Earn](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn)
  * [Browse Crypto Prices](https://www.binance.com/en/price)
  * [Bitcoin Price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/bitcoin)
  * [Ethereum Price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/ethereum)
  * [Browse Crypto Price Predictions](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction)
  * [Bitcoin Price Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction/bitcoin)
  * [Ethereum Price Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction/ethereum)
  * [Buy Bitcoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bitcoin)
  * [Buy BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bnb)
  * [Buy Ripple](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/xrp)
  * [Buy Dogecoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/dogecoin)
  * [Buy Ethereum](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/ethereum)
  * [Buy Tradable Altcoins](https://www.binance.com/en/altcoins/tradable)

### Service

  * [Affiliate](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/affiliate)
  * [Referral](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/referral?utm_source=Lite_web_footer)
  * [OTC Trading](https://www.binance.com/en/otc)
  * [Historical Market Data](https://www.binance.com/en/landing/data)
  * [Proof of Reserves](https://www.binance.com/en/proof-of-reserves)

### Support

  * [24/7 Chat Support](https://www.binance.com/en/chat?sourceEntry=4)
  * [Support Center](https://www.binance.com/en/support)
  * [Product Feedback & Suggestions](https://www.binance.com/en/my/user-support/feedback/entry)
  * [Fees](https://www.binance.com/en/fee/schedule)
  * [APIs](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-api)
  * [Binance Verify](https://www.binance.com/en/official-verification)
  * [Trading Rules](https://www.binance.com/en/trade-rule)
  * [Binance Airdrop Portal](https://www.binance.com/en/airdrop)
  * [Law Enforcement Requests](https://www.binance.com/en/support/law-enforcement)

Binance© 2024Cookie Preferences

