Metaco.com will be sunset as of June 7, 2024

[Learn more](https://ripple.com/solutions/digital-asset-custody/ "Learn more")

Skip to main content

[![Metaco](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/logo.svg?x88149)![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/logo-w.svg?x88149)](https://www.metaco.com)

  * Solutions __

__Solutions

Solutions

    * [__Global Custodians Build tomorrow's market infrastructure ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/global-custodians-top-tier-banks/)
    * [__Universal Banks Satisfy demand for new asset classes ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/universal-banks/)
    * [__Neobanks & FintechsFind new routes to monetization ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/neobanks-fintechs/)
    * [__Regulated Exchanges Grow volumes and profit margins ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/regulated-exchanges/)
    * [__Corporates Boost customer loyalty and engagement ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/corporates/)

  * Platform __

__Platform

Platform

Deploy ambitious digital asset use cases with the most secure and versatile
infrastructure.

    * [__Harmonize™ Platform Overview Issue, store, trade, transfer, settle and service any type of digital asset. ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/harmonize/)
    * [__Custody Hot, warm and institutional cold storage ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/custody/)
    * [__Trading Powerful order execution, funding and settlement ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/trading/)
    * [__Web3 Web3 Portal spanning NFTs, DeFi and DApps ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/web3/)
    * [__Governance Entirely customizable risk and compliance controls ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/governance/)
    * [__Orchestration A single source of truth for managing all digital assets ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/orchestration/)
    * [__Tokenization Asset-agnostic smart contract management framework ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/tokenization/)
    * [__Integration Fully integrable platform following enterprise standards ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/integration/)
    * [__Security Highest protection against insider and external threats ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/security/)

  * Company __

__Company

Company

    * [__About](https://www.metaco.com/company/about/)
    * [__Media & news](https://www.metaco.com/company/media-coverage-press-releases/)
    * [__Careers](https://www.metaco.com/careers/)

  * Resources __

__Resources

Resources

    * [__Talks](https://www.metaco.com/resources/talks/)
    * [__Webinars](https://www.metaco.com/resources/webinars/)
    * [__Case studies](https://www.metaco.com/resources/case-studies/)
    * [__Reports](https://www.metaco.com/resources/reports/)
    * [__Blog](https://www.metaco.com/resources/blog/)

[Contact](https://www.metaco.com/contact/ "Contact")

[Talks](https://www.metaco.com/category/talks/)

METACO TALKS EP. 32

# The Power of Balance Sheets: Incumbents, Digital Assets & DeFi

  *  __ July 8, 2022
  *  __52 min
  *  __Hosted by Seamus Donoghue (Chief Growth Officer, METACO)

Share

  * [ __](https://www.linkedin.com/sharing/share-offsite/?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.metaco.com%2Ftalks%2Fthe-power-of-balance-sheets-incumbents-digital-assets-defi-w-simon-taylor%2F)
  * [__](https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Metaco+https%3A%2F%2Fwww.metaco.com%2Ftalks%2Fthe-power-of-balance-sheets-incumbents-digital-assets-defi-w-simon-taylor%2F+via+%40metaco_sa)

For this  [METACO TALKS](https://www.metaco.com/resources/podcasts/) episode,
we were joined by [Simon
TAYLOR](https://www.linkedin.com/in/sytaylor/?originalSubdomain=uk), known
among many others as co-founder of [**11:FS**](https://www.11fs.com/), author
of [Fintech Brain Food newsletter](https://sytaylor.substack.com/), and most
recently Head of Strategy & Content at [Sardine](https://www.sardine.ai/) – an
API platform providing compliance and instant settlement to the crypto & DeFi
wallet industry.

Simon started as a software engineer in Telco, before moving to payments and
delivering one of the first Mobile Banking Apps in the United Kingdom.

Throughout his career, Simon has worked across consumer, SMB, cash management,
capital markets and crypto/digital assets, with clients like HSBC, Barclays,
Meta, Stripe.

At Barclays, Simon launched RISE, the Innovation Accelerator, and was Head of
Crypto R&D.

Today Simon advises Governments, Regulators and some of the world’s largest
Banks, Financial Institutions and Corporations on how Fintech and Web3 will
impact their business in the short, medium and long term.

Simon’s [Fintech Brainfood blog](https://sytaylor.substack.com/) is one of the
most popular in financial services, and Simon is a regular guest in major
media outlets like the BBC and Bloomberg.



### Topics covered

  1. How will DLT and Web3 impact banks and corporates in the short, medium and long term
  2. Understanding balance sheet power and why Top Tier banks are best positioned to capitalize on digital assets
  3. DeFi as the new infrastructure of finance

### Full transcript

[00:00:07] **Seamus:**  Welcome to the 32nd episode of METACO Talks. Today
we’re speaking with the one and only Simon Taylor, known among many others as
co-founder 11:FS. Co-host of Blockchain Insider Podcast, author of FinTech
Brain Food Newsletter, and most recently Head of Strategy Sardine in an API
platform, providing compliance and instant settlement to the crypto and DeFi
world industry.

I think it’s probably safe to say Simon doesn’t need an introduction, but we
will get to that. His writings and thoughts on topics such as FinTech
innovation, digital assets, web 3, are widely shared and appreciated,
including myself; as well as his career in technology and consulting for major
banks and tech companies.

Simon, great to have you here. Welcome to METACO Talks.



[00:00:43] **Simon:**  Thanks for having me. I’m excited to talk about any and
all of those subjects, any opportunity is really fun. I’ve been a fan of what
you guys are doing for quite some time, in METACO. I’ve not had the caffeine,
it’s still early. But I’ve been in fan of you guys for some time, thank you so
much.



[00:01:05] **Seamus:**  Thanks. As I was saying just before we started, I keep
updated based on your Brainfood newsletter that comes out every week. I’ve got
my narrow field that’s hard enough to track, and you help me keep up to date
with the rest industry.

One thing I want to ask you, you’re a self-described massive FinTech nerd;
what keeps you excited about this space?



[00:01:24] **Simon:**  I don’t know when it happened, but at some point I
figured out that if you really understand finance, compliance and you just
tweak the dials on it a little bit, you can have this massive impact on
millions of people, and that gets me really excited. Once I understood that
anti-money laundering is the main way we try and prevent things like human
trafficking or terrorism, it’s the main weapon against Russia, I was like,
wow, so if you understand that you understand everything that’s happening in
the world. It became endlessly fascinating.

But on the other side, when I worked in banking, I worked a little bit with a
team that’s in NGOs and was trying to work with the World Food Program. I was
trying to look at the problems they had, just trying to make sure that farmers
were getting paid at the last mile. They would send pop money in at the top,
and they didn’t know if the farmer was getting paid. How is this possible in
the 21st century?

It’s this endless riddle of complexity. It’s the incentive system for all of
society and humanity. If you stop tweaking the dials on it, maybe you can have
a big impact. I’d like to understand the dials, but more than anything I want
thousands and thousands of people who work in the industry to see it as an
incentive system, to build a better incentive system for humanity, so that we
have this outsized impact on our own futures.



[00:02:48] **Seamus:**  That’s a great articulation of many of the reasons a
lot of us got us into this industry. We’ve seen for decade now or longer the
FinTechs have been attacking the finance base, trying to address these issues
as you described. We’ve both got a background in the banking space. Bank’s
future, you referenced in one of your last newsletters, just to be dumb pipes?
Is this still a real thought risk?



[00:03:11] **Simon:**  Well, interest rates are back. You could be on the golf
course by four o’clock. Mortgage, income’s going to be a lot better. See those
silly FinTechs were always going to go away. They didn’t know anything because
the market was always going to correct, wasn’t it? FinTech was never going to
absolutely kill banking because balance sheets matter and scale masses. But at
the same time, FinTech has at a minimum dramatically changed the distribution
of financial services, and the incumbents have caught up. That’s made it not
just cheaper, but I think it’s made the experience better for people. It’s
enabled us to prevent fraud, it’s given us right tech, it’s delivered some
stuff. That’s quite nice.

But what we haven’t really addressed is the infrastructure. We’re only just
starting to get at the manufacturing side of finance. The amount of billions
and billions of VC dollars that have been chasing the manufacturing of finance
are fundamentally starting to change things. We’ve got some neobank on the
consumer side and neobank on the SMB banking side. But if you scratch beneath
that, you’ve got this ecosystem of new providers that have also been born,
that yes, provide services to FinTech companies, but in providing services to
FinTech companies they’ve also become mature enough to provide services to a
lot of incumbent banks as well. I think that’s a big opportunity.

But also all of these companies out there that have got millions of customers,
that have got massive market demand, that are not profitable, may not have a
diverse balance sheet but may be an interesting distribution model for people
that do have a balance sheet. If the market is turning banks into dumb pipes,
but there is this fraud problem, there is this infrastructure problem, there’s
a cost problem, there’s all of these sorts of things, and balance sheet
matters and we can unpack what that means, then maybe the smart pipes of the
future are the ones that enable finance to happen at the point of need. They
enable embedded finance. They enable everybody else in the market. Rather than
trying to force everybody into the branch force, everybody into your captive
mobile app, why don’t you power the entire economy? Why don’t you power every
finance experience? That’s difficult if you run a retail part of a bank to
really get your head around. But if you are more in the capital markets
division, if you are more in the cash management, transaction banking
division, that’s a great business.



[00:05:56] **Seamus:**  Good summary. Let’s unpack that, those advantages you
described, the balance sheet, cost of funding is no longer zero, and scale.
What are the specific opportunities for incumbents?



[00:06:06] **Simon:**  Yes, interest rates have grown up, but even if we
assume that over the longer term interest rates are low and may stay low, and
that some of the macro forces that kept it that way around monetary policy
stay the same (maybe they don’t, maybe we reassure all manufacturing and
inflation is here to stay), if that’s the case, great. But let’s assume it’s
not, and let’s take a worst case scenario. The banks that have done
particularly well even in the worst times, have been the ones that have
intentionally grown their balance sheet; that have focused on their cost of
funding, have focused on their ability to lend, they’ve focused on technology
and investing in that over the long term horizon. Rather than thinking about
technology is something that has to rise to keep with compliance, to keep up
with the market, to keep up with competition, they’ve gone, “How do we get
strategic and get out in front of that?”

But the reason the balance sheet was always powerful, as you say, you alluded
to it with cost of funding, if I want to lend to you, I have to fund that
lending somehow, especially if you don’t pay me back. How do I fund that?
Well, Banks in particular have this amazing thing called a banking license,
that allows them to take deposits from other customers and then potentially
use that as a source of funding to do the lending.

Yes, they have to hold a certain amount of deposits and they have to do it in
certain ways, and puts them on the hook for stricter regulations, but that is
still by far the cheapest way to fund lending in the market. We’ve seen a
whole shadow banking sector emerge where there are other forms of people
buying, selling that on a secondary market. But if the classic model there is
the larger your balance sheet the more diverse it is, then the lower your cost
of funding. You look at the big global banks who not just serve consumer, but
they serve businesses, wealth managers, corporates, sovereigns, they are
diversified in the segments they serve. They can potentially be diversified in
their geographies. As the global market moves, it’s like having a balanced
portfolio of stocks, equities, bonds, and different asset classes. You are
hedged against how the market moves from your balance sheet perspective.

The banks have always done that quite well. That hasn’t been particularly
helpful in the past decade. It could now be extremely helpful for this next
decade, but it will be helpful if they just show up, if they just do their
job. But the opportunity beyond that is there’s all of this demand in FinTech,
there is all of this demand in non-financial services to use financial
services as a way to increase engagement, to increase revenues.

Shopify saw 50% of their revenues over the last six or seven quarters come
from financial services and payments. It’s increasingly looking to get into
lending. Amazon has done some partnerships to do it. Sure, but they’re a very
big organization. What about everybody? What about all the other businesses
that could be powering up what they do and using financial services as the
lubricant to what happens on their platform and what problems can we solve for
customers in doing that? How does your balance sheet, how does your regulatory
perimeter need to enable that?

I think that’s where we talk about being smart pipes. You’re intentionally
making yourself the most attractive APIs in the market. Not ‘we have an API’.



[00:09:46] **Seamus:**  Yes, it happens to me sometimes.



[00:09:49] **Simon:**  Or, ‘we have 50 APIs’. It’s not how many you have, it’s
how good they are and how much developers love them. I think to be fair to
most in financial services, they’ve got that joke. But I’m a veteran of
2013/14 PSD-2 and everybody going, “We have an API!” No. Then also open
banking where APIs were being forced on the bank. Now it felt like a defensive
thing that was regulatory, which never feels good. Let’s actually see this as
an opportunity and let’s have it as a strategic management focused opportunity
over multiple years, not, “Hey, we’re going to fund this for 12 months, see if
it works.” Not one of those big death stars bets as well. The death star bets,
the implementation of the big CRM, the one customer view, every bank has these
and they never succeed.

I’m talking about small iterative things that then when they catch fire, you
double down on them. Because what often happens in banks is small iterative
things that catch fire eventually get killed by that other department who does
something a bit like it. That takes real part at the executive level, and a
little bit of Naval gazing, honestly. Are we willing to do this to capture
this once in a generation opportunity, or are we just going to show up and do
our job and collect a paycheck?



[00:11:21] **Seamus:**  Well, I think you made a strong case, just showing up
does result in the dumb pipe opportunity. But if we look specifically at
digital assets and web 3, what are the opportunities for banks or incumbents
in that context?



[00:11:34] **Simon:**  Again, I always think about the spectrum from consumer
all the way through to institutional. Let’s start with consumer because it has
some person on the street resonance. You can then apply some of the insights
further up the stack to the more institutional base. Across all of it, there’s
still demand. It may not be what it was at the peak of the bubble, but there
is still demand. What people have understood from a consumer perspective is,
wait a second, I can do things in this space that I couldn’t do before. I
think one of the primary things is I can directly cost my assets, as in Web3.

Being your own bank is hard. The reason being your own bank is hard, I don’t
know if you’ve ever tried to carry around all of your net worth if it’s heavy.
It’s probably a little bit of a personal risk, a security threat. Banks and
custodians play a useful role in society. They store the stuff that really
matters to you in this one space, and will make sure it isn’t stolen. But the
way custody works in web 3 is so powerful because it’s created this global CRM
of assets. It’s created this instant, always on view, which Nike shoe has been
bought in this NFT marketplace, and who has the most USDC? For commercial
confidentiality reasons that might not be all you want. But there are also
examples where that’s extremely powerful and it is something you want.

Where things are happening in the public blockchain space, we see this amazing
explosion of new business models starting to appear, that could have material
value to consumers. I get excited by what it would mean when somebody can
start to run digital pieces of art, digital pieces of music. If web 2 was all
about mobile, social and cloud; and the business models were really about
subscriptions, they were about that always on Netflix, they were about Amazon
web services, app stores and take rates and centralization; then web 3 moves
away from that more captive model to that model that’s a bit more user-
centric. Instead of logging in via Google, logging in via Apple, the service
now logs into the individual, because nobody has more information about Seamus
than Seamus does. Google has a lot of information about you, sure, but you
have more. You know where all of your banking is. Now we’ve got open banking,
but guess what? It doesn’t know everything the government knows about you. It
doesn’t know everything Google knows about you. You are the ultimate primary
key to all of your data.

With that, if you could invite an algorithm into you, potentially we could
build incredible new services and experiences. But in order to do that, we
have to fundamentally reorient the design choice, the design principle of the
internet. Instead of logging into something, instead of user name and
password, it logs into me. That’s why having me custody my own assets,
sometimes manage my keys, is extremely powerful. But then if I lose my keys,
my goodness, I am out of luck! I think the role of something that is trusted,
that has a brand, is to really think about the manufacturing and the
distribution of finance and trust and risk in that new world.

What does the manufacturing look like? Well, instead of creating a loan and
turning it into a piece of paper that goes into a filing cabinet somewhere, or
issuing it on a database, you issue it as an EOC 20, that goes and sits on
Ethereum or Polygon or Solana. That becomes a secondary market, then you have
secondary lending and everything that sits around that. You’re tokenized by
default. That’s on the manufacturing institutional end. You can start to see
that really what’s happening in financial services is people are coming from
real world assets down, and they’re starting to think about, how do I take a
corporate bond and turn that into something that is a token, and that can
start to live in this way so that it can be directly custody. It can move
instantly, we can have a global CRM of who they are, that it can be automated.
That the taxation, corporate actions, everything can just be baked in as
software. I reduce my admin, I reduce my operational costs, sure, but I create
these new business models.

But the other side is the wild and wonderful, which is what will artists
create? What will people create? Then there’s the middle ground, which is
person on the street going, “It’d be really nice if I could just get a better
price on a mortgage right now.” Or instead of going to a price comparison
website and entering 10 bits of information, I’ve got all of the information
anyway, why don’t I just sign a transaction and invite your algorithms to give
me the best price? Instead of that, living in Google servers or Apple servers
or Facebook servers, it lives with me and I’m the primary key to it. That
means I don’t necessarily need the biggest database in the world, I need a
security model around key management and so on.

That’s where the distribution end changes. The distribution becomes much more
about managing keys than managing assets. Instead the 1800 models of having a
very large branch that was very hard to break into for thieve to steal the
actual cash, now I need to be very good at key management and very good at key
recovery. People who are managing that technology become critical, and that
becomes critical to day to day operations. If we find ourselves in world in 5
to 10 years’ time, which I entirely believe we will, distribution becomes
about key management increasingly. How do I help my customers protect,
recover, manage their keys, manage their assets, and how do I manufacture
assets in a way that is compatible with this new world?



[00:18:01] **Seamus:**  There’s a lot to unpack there. Your final comment
about keys, I couldn’t agree more. This notion that what are crypto assets
now, a trillion-dollar market, peak to 3 trillion, it’s still potentially
smaller than market cap of Apple. It seems almost an experiment, but
eventually if all assets sit on chain, do we all want to walk around as you
described with all our keys in our back pocket? Probably not. These other
functions become critical and you probably want somebody trusted, so that it’s
not that if I lose my keys I’m toast.

I think this notion of CRM of assets is super fascinating. To me, the biggest
issue is how we get there. Do the banks have a role in bridging these assets,
bridging what we know as real world assets, the 500 or 700 trillion
opportunity?



[00:18:47] **Simon:**  Yeah. The problem that the infrastructure has is that
it lacks liquidity. The reason it lacks liquidity is it lacks trust. The
reason it lacks trust is because there are untrusted actors there managing the
risks. If anything, you’ve got something that resembles the 1800 railroad boom
in the United States where anybody can create a bank and anybody can lend
unlimited amounts. Whilst the boom is happening, any old entrepreneur can come
along and buy a plot of land and get a loan from a local bank which was
started by somebody else. There was just no control over who could print
money, there was no office of the control over the currency. That’s why that
was built.

That’s what’s happening. You’ve got this unfettered capitalism experiment
happening, with none of the lessons of the last 200 years of financial
services booms and busts. They’re speed running everything that could go
wrong. But the interesting thing with that is they’re still doing it. They’re
building it on this new technology that’s global, that’s 24/7, that’s
permissionless, and it’s composable. There’s no way today that if Chase builds
a feature, Barclays can use it. You might not want to live in that future.
Maybe you don’t. But in DeFi, if Uniswap builds a feature, then SushiSwap can
absolutely copy it and use it instantly. In fact, some third developer can do
something that talks to SushiSwap, and then take Uniswap in a single
transaction. In fact, they could do something that goes and takes a loan out
at one place, goes to SushiSwap and makes a trade, and goes to Uniswap and
makes a trade in a single transaction, at the click of a button. That
programmable, permissionless, composable, global, 24/7 infrastructure is
running. Forget about the price volatility for a second, the infrastructure
works and it is working. That’s incredible.

Now as it’s been built to be more secure and as it’s been built to manage
hacks, that’s going to get really interesting in the next couple of years. But
nobody’s going to bring the liquidity to that whilst it’s that. But the reason
you get volatility is a function of lack of liquidity. You pour enough
liquidity on something and what happens? Suddenly the volatility starts to
even out, you get market makers, you get people that can stop to become price
makers as price takers. We’ve seen this movie; we know how it happens. That is
a giant opportunity.

One of the reasons that some of the folks at JP Morgan put out a statement at
a recent consensus conference, that their goal in the Onyx project is to bring
trillions of dollars of real world assets into this infrastructure, that is
global, that is 24/7, that is programmable, permissionless and composable, is
they see giant opportunities there. There are rumors, and we don’t know if
it’s true, that Goldman is looking to bring their prime brokerage services
into the exchange FTX. One of the things that’s powerful about FTX is it has
the most amazing cross margining capability. You can use anything as
collateral and it will cross margin any asset that you have in real time,
24/7. You don’t have to have like every 24 hours a collateral position that’s
tiered. But you know the market, as soon as it opens it’s going to do this,
you can see the pricing. No, it’s just taking margin as and evening things out
as it goes. That’s way more efficient from a capital perspective, and that
efficiency is powerful. I think the transparency is powerful as well. You can
see a lot of what’s happening in markets.

I think we will find ways of building commercial confidentiality into it.
We’ll build secret networks, we’ll build secret transactions. But actually the
global public blockchain will be ultimately the things that win out and
tokenization will become powerful. If I was an institution, there’s the
manufacturing side, which I think we’re seeing a lot of activity. How do I
step into tokenizing? But the distribution side is the conversation that’s not
had enough focus. How do I help my customers, whether they’re institutions,
write down and manage all of the risks, all of the things that could go wrong
with direct custody, dealing with their keys, that could go wrong with
somebody has not delivered on a sale? Go back to the reason Visa and
MasterCard exist. It’s easy to give somebody money, it’s hard for them to
deliver the goods 30 days later. What happens when something goes wrong? That
is the role that banks often find themselves playing. I think that’s still an
opportunity to play in this. But do you do that as software? And how do keys
help you do it?



[00:23:39] **Seamus:**  Very good questions. Let’s step back to your comment
about manufacturing. The comment you made about JP Morgan around tokenizing
the real world assets, it’s clearly a huge opportunity. When we talk to
clients, they often talk about, “But it’s been the big opportunity every year
for the last five years. What’s the catalyst?”

You’ve talked about liquidity. Ultimately the biggest issue with tokenizing
these assets is a lack of liquidity. It’s fragmented, maybe it’s lack of
standards around how to do it. How do you kick start this? Where does it
start? Does it start at a specific product? Is there a low hanging fruit in
this space to get it going?



[00:24:14] **Simon:**  There are standards. I was a co-founder of an
organization called GBBC Digital Finance, global digital finance. There are
standards around how you tokenize assets. There are standards around how you
manage custody. Those global standards are adopted by many organizations,
including METACO, and very well considered by the global regulatory community
and policy community. I think the standards exist at least at the principle
level.

The technical standards, perhaps there’s that. There’s the practical challenge
of, A, the psychology, and B, what do we do with everything we’re doing today?
This is often what happens in a bank, which is: we can do a pilot, but can we
really do that? Nobody wants to be first. Everybody wants to be second to
market. It’s a chicken and egg thing. It takes a little bit of bravery and a
little bit of consistency, and I think it takes an asset class that nobody’s
looking at, but could get a lot of attention.

For instance, there’s a lot happening in the web 3 space now around parking
carbon credits and tokenizing those and building a secondary market for them.
Because the cost of actually managing a carbon credit is the same as managing
any real world assets, but the demand in businesses for them often far
outstrips supply, and the transparency around them is frankly shocking. Like,
did that thing really do that thing? What if we had a global CRM for every
carbon footprint, and we could start to build a software and who owned it,
what did they use it for? What will plant a tree that will grow in 30 years’
time? Or is that doing carbon capture? Is it doing some whole removal of
carbon? Not all carbon credits are created equal. If you increase the data
transparency, there’s a big buyer for that level of data out there right now.

I think it’s about getting the commercial opportunity that drives new revenue,
that is achievable, that has the infrastructure just there ready to go, and
essentially all you have to do in the first instance is pile liquidity onto
it. You would send a swift transaction to an existing custodian who can help
you buy those assets and do some of the heavy lifting for you, and you could
exchange that liquidity for those carbon credits and add an exchange like FDX
or somewhere else. Boom, just go do that. Just start with something really
simple and learn. Learn what the risks are, learn who the buyer is, learn what
the opportunity is, and just do it. But do it meaningfully and do it
consistently, and then do another asset class and then another one and then
another one. I think everybody’s like, “Where do I start?” Well, pick
somewhere and do it and commit and get on with it. Because nobody needs
another POC. Nobody needs another pilot. Somebody needs to get the finger of
out their box and get on with it. We all know the opportunities.



[00:27:22] **Seamus:**  That it’s a good message, just do it and let’s
bootstrap it.



[00:27:25] **Simon:**  If I was to play the other side of the argument, what
does that mean from a tax position? What does that mean if something goes
wrong? That’s the hard part. But do it at scale, do it in a sandbox, do it
with regulatory oversight. You can do this. My entire job when I worked at the
bank and as a consultant to banks has been to just give people the ‘don’t
worry, you can do this’ message. Like, but what about this challenge? That is
a material challenge and we should address it and think about it, and explain
what you’re concerned about and let’s work through it together.

My experience of banks is they often get so big that most people don’t know
what questions to ask, and the void is scarier than actually attacking the
void and trying to figure out those things and trying to move forward
meaningfully. If you manage the actual amount of volume and gradually ramp it
up and you watch the risk and you take a really risk based approach, I think
nobody can be mad at you in 10 years’ time for having done that gently and
having the ability to have a kill switch if you suddenly see that something’s
really going wrong. But do it and commit. If you did pull the kill switch, go
back and plug that back in if you think you’ve fixed it. Because I think it’s
this iterative approach that we really need to get better at as an industry,
when doing experimentation that turns into real products.

We’ve got the machinery and the machine works, and every now and then we tweak
about the machinery, spend millions of dollars to change that tweak. We think
the only way to get anything done is with that machine and that way of
building things. There’s another way to build thing. There’s another way to
build teams. That’s why I think it’s so powerful that many organizations are
setting up separate teams, and giving budgets to go do this. But the two have
to be really well networked and communicated internally.



[00:29:15] **Seamus:**  I’d love to learn from the FinTech space. Touching on
your distribution side, you referenced the IMF April 2022 global financials
stability report. Great quote in there around DeFi having near zero marginal
and operational labor cost. Is DeFi inevitable from a banking perspective
embracing it, and to what degree do you think some of the association DeFi has
had with some of the failures, at least from a perception perspective over the
last few months, will impact regulators’ focus on DeFi?



[00:29:54] **Simon:**  Yeah, it’s interesting. My breed of regulators and
policy is that stable coins are actually drawing the issue. That’s still the
bigger concern, and there’s a whole conversation to unpack around that. The
perceived market failures, again, I think comes back to the 1800 piece in that
we need people who know what we’re doing in this space.

I don’t think that the right answer is to copy and paste the learnings from
the crashes of the 1930s and the 1870s onto 2022. I do think the answer is to
learn from the principles and the insights, but to use modern technology to
upgrade how we manage risk. Some of the ways we manage risk are materially
ineffective, specifically around anti-money laundering. Imagine if we had a
global CRM for assets, how might that help us with things like anti-money
laundering? Maybe that would be an upgrade. Maybe we should start with what
the technology is capable of, and then start to think about how we manage
risk; rather than go, how do we manage risk today, do that. No. How do you
drive a car? Oh, so that’s how you fly a plane! No, it’s fundamentally
different. The physics are entirely different. There is still a value in
experience of not crashing into trees, but we’ve got to learn the lessons from
it.

On the distribution side, I think there’s a lot of lessons we can learn. Go
back to the question, I got excited by that.



[00:31:29] **Seamus:**  No, as you’ve described, the excess speculation, that
tide’s gone out, we’ve seen there’s been a lot of growth on DeFi. But the
perception in the market seems to be DeFi failure, which I don’t think is
accurate.



[00:31:44] **Simon:**  No. In fact, if you look at block 5 Celsius Voyager,
most of the things that are going bankrupt, they are lenders. They look like a
lending business that just happens to use DeFi. Unfortunately, they look like
lending businesses that took degenerate levels of risk, because everything was
going up. They were over-leveraged, over-borrowed, doing everything on margin,
making every mistake in the book. Interestingly, if the global financial
crisis hadn’t had a bailout, I think it would look a little bit like that in
DeFi.

Banks, you don’t get to get away with this. You’ve got a bailout, DeFi hasn’t.
Let’s just keep that in mind. DeFi’s infrastructure is still working. The
infrastructure’s still global, it’s still 24/7. It’s still there. Uniswap
volumes continue to increase. That’s the crazy thing here, go look at the data
here. The wonderful thing about the global CRM, if anybody’s watching or
listening you want to open another browser tab and go
[www.dune.com](http://www.dune.com/) and go look at some of the dashboards of
Uniswap. Just search for ‘Uniswap’. Because this data set is global,
enthusiasts from around the world have built their best internal data
dashboards and open sourced it. You can just go look at how OpenSea perform,
how Uniswap perform, how everything that’s happening in all of these markets,
the data is just there for you. That’s cool. Like how cool is that? That’s
amazing.

DeFi is still running. A lot of the lending issues are around people doing
stupid things, but there are things that are not stupid that continue to
survive and thrive. DeFi yes, the question in being early than there is in
just about anything. If you are early but correct, it’s the same as being
wrong. I have an understanding for some level of timidity, but I also believe
that the infrastructure, there are some no-brainers that will just work today.
That’s why I start with tokenizing real world assets. I think there are some
no-brainers on the manufacturing side. On the distribution side, the DeFi
platforms is where it takes nuance. It takes understanding the wheat from the
chaff.

Why are the operational costs and the labor costs so low? The operational
costs are so low because Uniswap, which is the largest exchange in crypto,
it’s larger than Coinbase, larger than Binance, larger than FTX, has 60 staff.
Coinbase has 3000 staff. Those staff are often voted for because they come
from Uniswap Lamps, which is a separate company. There’s a foundation that
sits over the top, and then there’s a decentralized entity in which the users
of that platform get to vote who those 60 people are or if that company
continues or gets fired. It looks a little bit like catalyst Wikipedia, in
that the users of the platform get to decide who runs this market structure.
If you’ve spent some time in market structure, wouldn’t that be nice?

This is a really different way of funding the way things happen. It’s hyper
efficient because Uniswap is running on Ethereum, and now Polygon and a few
other chains. It’s using wallets. It’s using all of these building blocks. You
haven’t had to build an entire stack from front to back. I haven’t had to
build a car production plant to build the car, because what I really want to
do is build software that sits inside the car. You get this hyper specialism,
where they just do the one thing they’re really great then they use the
infrastructure to do everything else. That’s how the operational and labor
cost are.

They’re also not on the hook for a lot of the things that regulated market
structures are in financial services today. They don’t do KYC; that’s done
somewhere else. They don’t do anti-money laundering; they don’t do all that
stuff. I can hear these trigger words going off inside of a bank, “So that we
can never work with it then!” Hold your horses. The reason they’re so
efficient is because they do that bit. But what if somebody else is as
efficient that does the anti-money longer bit? What if somebody else is as
efficient that does the fraud bit, the key management bit, and so on? This is
what we’re seeing.

We’re seeing the specialisms start to emerge. What you’re getting is this
composable market structure, where you ask yourself the question, how many
parts of your business are a cost of doing business? Really think about that.
How many activities do you do because you have to do them, and how many do you
actually want to do? What are the profitable revenue generating bits of your
business? Who are the specialists out there that could do that thing far
better than you can with far better results?

That was one of the reasons I joined Sardine, was because they are the fraud,
AML experts, the payments experts. I do believe we’ll see many more
specialists like start to solve for the DeFi protocols and how that meets
where the regulated institutions are who have balance sheet power. We’ve got a
liquidity problem, but an infrastructure that works and is extremely
efficient. We’ve got balance sheet power and lots of liquidity.



[00:37:22] **Seamus:**   Simon, we’re running longer time but I’ve got to ask
another question. I think the direction you’re describing, this composability,
the opportunity for specialists, the opportunity to provide solutions, our
view is very much around a future for banks where let’s say custody is
embedded into DeFi, solving that key management problem. It’s not just about
self-custody, but you have a trusted party that can be trusted with the
backup, all the processes you described. But equally, the banks typically have
a role of intermediation, which is pretty expensive; and they could move a lot
of the core structure of that into the DeFi space and reinvent their business
model et cetera.

But I don’t know if it’s internet, intranet thing, but there’s this battle in
the market right now. Is this going to be permission DeFi? Or are the tools
there, as you described, that you can go to a pool and evaluate the ML risk,
and make a risk judgment on that pool and interface with it? Our view is much
more the latter, but we see a lot of experiments whether it’s compound or
around.



[00:38:26] **Simon:**  You’ve got to start somewhere. Even Square, Revolut and
Robin Hood when they entered crypto trading, they didn’t wall garden. I get
it, but that’s not the end. That’s a means to an end. Let’s get everybody
comfortable. I think the future is regulated pockets of DeFi, but I think it’s
has to be forwardly compatible with the technology rather than backwardly
compatible. Look forward to what the technology can bring you, look forward to
how it can manage risks, and start at what it’s capable of, and then the risks
that it presents and manage those according; rather than starting at how you
do things today and trying to do them. There are some walls around what you
legally are responsible to do, but you are legally responsible to do them.

Sometimes it’s quite prescriptive, but most of the time it’s up to you to
figure out how you do it. in those cases, that’s where you start at the
technology and think about effectiveness. If I do it this way, can I look at
the data and see that it’s more effective this way or more effective that way?
How do I improve my effectiveness with a global CRM that’s transparent and
24/7?



[00:39:45] **Seamus:**  100% agree. We were at the .04 a number of weeks ago,
Adrian was debating with a number of regulators about the regulatory aspect.
Are you going to regulate the code, which is DeFi, which sounds crazy, or is
it going to be the points where you access it, the banks potentially as the
bridge into DeFi and you regulate those endpoints?



[00:40:06] **Simon:**  Exactly in the market as well, just like we see
specialists in trading, specialists in lending, specialists in all the parts
of the value chain. I think there will be a DeFi equivalent of reg tech.
There’ll be all that stuff, and I’m very excited by where that could go.

Imagine if you have the world’s best compliance and risk teams, and imagine if
they were available as a bit of software. That’s where I start to just really
excited.



[00:40:39] **Seamus:**  That’s a good point to wrap things up on. It’s been a
super interesting discussion.

On that topic, we mentioned earlier you’ve recently joined sardine as head of
strategy. You want to tell us a bit more about what they do at Sardine?



[00:40:51] **Simon:**  Sardine is the world’s best fraud team available as an
API. The team is the team that built the risk and compliance backend for
Coinbase, and then same for Revolut and, led the US growth of Revolut. They’ve
been on the front line of where the new scary risks are, and then realized
that this was an infrastructure business. They’re in the business of
confidently moving money. It’s easy to move money, it’s hard to know if it’s
going to the right place. Is it being defrauded, is something going wrong?

They’ve collected the largest widest data set of fraud risk. They have some of
the biggest clients in crypto, like FTX, Moonage, Transact Wire, but also very
big FinTech companies like Brex, and increasingly some of the large banks as
well. That spectrum gives them a very unique data set to the sophisticated
emerging types of fraud and AML risk, and they’ve built the entire suite. It’s
from your fraud team to your compliance team as a single API with a single
dashboard. That I think is going to be hugely exciting to be a part of,
because it’s very hard to see what’s happening in traditional finance and
manage it, number one. It’s very hard to see what’s happening in crypto and
manage that, especially for regulated financial institutions that don’t know
that space. They’re just often blocking it and they’re frustrating their
customers and losing customers in the process. But now imagine trying to put
both of those pictures together, crypto companies see crypto and FinTech
companies and financial institutions see finance. But who sees all of it?

Sardine has a single view as to managing that risk and getting the best
numbers charge back and so on. As a result of having that, they’re able to
move money in real time in and out of crypto, because they can get so
confident about where the money is come from, the use of it, is this a fraud
or is it not, that they’re actually getting into real time settlement and
managing some of the liquidity risk to get that done. It’s hugely exciting for
me to learn about that whole sector. I’ve worked in risk a little bit, but
I’ve never been quite so close to it. I’m around just this amazing team of
people. I’m very excited.



[00:43:10] **Seamus:**  Very exciting opportunity. I’m sure we’ll be engaging
with you to find out. Simon, it’s been great to have you on here. I’d
recommend everybody to sign up for your stack Brainfood.  As I said, it’s my
essential weekly reading. It should be everybody’s, I think. Thanks for your
time, we’d love to have you on again in the future.



[00:43:26] **Simon:**  Great, would love it. Thank you, Seamus. Appreciate it.



[00:43:28] **Seamus:**  Yep. Thanks. To our guests, thanks for joining and
hope you enjoyed this episode. Don’t forget, the recording will be available
on all your favorite channels as well as on our website. Thanks for seeing
you. Ciao!

  * [![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/01/spotify.png?x88149)](https://open.spotify.com/show/0IiI7iftR3F3RqinfJbpRT)
  * [![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/01/apple-podcasts.png?x88149)](https://podcasts.apple.com/us/podcast/metaco-talks-crypto-podcast-on-building-the-future/id1542371076?uo=4)
  * [![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/01/google-podcasts.png?x88149)](https://podcasts.google.com/feed/aHR0cHM6Ly9hbmNob3IuZm0vcy80MWY2MzA3NC9wb2RjYXN0L3Jzcw==)

![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/footer.png?x88149)

## **Explore** more

  * ![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/01/mt-speaker_ep-44-square-640x640.png?x88149)

[Talks](https://www.metaco.com/category/talks/)

February 6, 2024

[David Riegelnig (Rulematch)Digital Asset Trading Tailored to the Needs of
Financial Institutions](https://www.metaco.com/talks/rulematch-institutional-
digital-asset-trading/ "Digital Asset Trading Tailored to the Needs of
Financial Institutions")

  * ![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/12/mt-speaker_ep-43-square_dark-blue-640x640.png?x88149)

[Talks](https://www.metaco.com/category/talks/)

January 11, 2024

[Rajeev Tummala (HSBC Securities Services)The institutional value-chain of
tokenized securities](https://www.metaco.com/talks/institutional-value-chain-
tokenized-securities-rajeev-tummala-hsbc/ "The institutional value-chain of
tokenized securities")

  * ![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/11/mt-speaker_ep-42_light-blue-square-640x640.png?x88149)

[Talks](https://www.metaco.com/category/talks/)

November 14, 2023

[Angela Itzikowitz (ENS Africa) and Ashveen Gopee (PWC Mauritius)The Digital
Asset Ecosystem in Mauritius and South
Africa](https://www.metaco.com/talks/da-ecosystem-mauritius-south-africa-
aitzikowitz-agoppee/ "The Digital Asset Ecosystem in Mauritius and South
Africa")

[![Metaco](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/logo-w.svg?x88149)](https://www.metaco.com)

  * [Solutions](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/)
    * [Global Custodians](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/global-custodians-top-tier-banks/)
    * [Universal Banks](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/universal-banks/)
    * [Neobanks & Fintechs](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/neobanks-fintechs/)
    * [Regulated Exchanges](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/regulated-exchanges/)
    * [Corporates](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/corporates/)
  * [Platform](https://www.metaco.com/platform/)
    * [Harmonize™](https://www.metaco.com/platform/harmonize/)
    * [Custody](https://www.metaco.com/platform/custody/)
    * [Trading](https://www.metaco.com/platform/trading/)
    * [Web3](https://www.metaco.com/platform/web3/)
    * [Governance](https://www.metaco.com/platform/governance/)
    * [Orchestration](https://www.metaco.com/platform/orchestration/)
    * [Tokenization](https://www.metaco.com/platform/tokenization/)
    * [Integration](https://www.metaco.com/platform/integration/)
    * [Security](https://www.metaco.com/platform/security/)
  * [Company](https://www.metaco.com/company/media-coverage-press-releases/)
    * [About](https://www.metaco.com/company/about/)
    * [Media & news](https://www.metaco.com/company/media-coverage-press-releases/)
    * [Jobs](https://www.metaco.com/jobs/)
  * [Resources](https://www.metaco.com/resources/)
    * [Talks](https://www.metaco.com/resources/talks/)
    * [Webinars](https://www.metaco.com/resources/webinars/)
    * [Case studies](https://www.metaco.com/resources/case-studies/)
    * [Reports](https://www.metaco.com/resources/reports/)
    * [Blog](https://www.metaco.com/resources/blog/)

![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/10/sco2.png?x88149)![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/10/iso27001.png?x88149)

  * [__](https://www.twitter.com/metaco_sa "Twitter: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")
  * [__](https://www.linkedin.com/company/metaco-ag/ "Linkedin: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")
  * [__](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC4MLOKnJD9bXfHVXMnHM7ow "Youtube: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")
  * [__](https://open.spotify.com/show/0IiI7iftR3F3RqinfJbpRT "Spotify: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")

© 2015-2024 - Metaco SA - All Rights Reserved |[ Terms & Conditions](https://www.metaco.com/terms-conditions/) | [Privacy Policy](https://www.metaco.com/privacy-policy/) | [Cookie policy](https://www.metaco.com/cookie-policy/)

Metaco | The digital asset core system

869 subscribers

[The Power of Balance Sheets: Incumbents, Digital Assets & DeFi w/ Simon
TAYLOR [METACO TALKS #32]](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q2LiwVnqSys)

[]()

Metaco | The digital asset core system

Search

Watch later

Share

Copy link

Info

Shopping

Tap to unmute

If playback doesn't begin shortly, try restarting your device.

More videos

## More videos

Share

Include playlist

An error occurred while retrieving sharing information. Please try again
later.

[Watch
on](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q2LiwVnqSys&embeds_referring_euri=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.metaco.com%2F&feature=emb_imp_woyt)

0:00

0:00 / 44:42•Live

•

[](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q2LiwVnqSys "Watch on YouTube")

# An error occurred.

[Try watching this video on
www.youtube.com](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q2LiwVnqSys), or enable
JavaScript if it is disabled in your browser.

