[](https://www.binance.com/en)

[Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/crypto/buy)

[Markets](https://www.binance.com/en/markets/overview)

Trade

Basic

  * [SpotBuy and sell on the Spot market with advanced tools](https://www.binance.com/en/trade/BTC_USDT?type=spot)
  * [MarginIncrease your profits with leverage](https://www.binance.com/en/trade?type=cross)
  * [P2PBuy & sell cryptocurrencies using bank transfer and 800+ options](https://p2p.binance.com/en)
  * [Convert & Block TradeThe easiest way to trade at all sizes](https://www.binance.com/en/convert)

Advanced

  * [Trading BotsTrade smarter with our various automated strategies - easy, fast and reliable](https://www.binance.com/en/trading-bots)
  * [Copy TradingFollow the most popular traders](https://www.binance.com/en/copy-trading)
  * [APIsUnlimited opportunities with one key](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-api)

[Futures](https://www.binance.com/en/futures/home)

  * [USDⓈ-M FuturesContracts settled in USDT and USDC](https://www.binance.com/en/futures)
  * [COIN-M FuturesContracts settled in cryptocurrency](https://www.binance.com/en/delivery)
  * [OptionsUSDT Options with limited downside and affordable entry](https://www.binance.com/en/eoptions)

[Earn](https://www.binance.com/en/earn)

[Square](https://www.binance.com/en/square)

  * [SquareStay informed with everything crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/square)
  * [Academy (Learn & Earn)Earn crypto by learning about blockchain](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn)
  * [BlogExpand your knowledge and get the latest insights](https://www.binance.com/en/blog)
  * [ResearchInstitutional-grade analysis, in-depth insights, and more](https://www.binance.com/en/research)

More

  * [VIP & InstitutionalYour trusted digital asset platform for VIPs and institutions](https://www.binance.com/en/vip-institutional-services)
  * [Launchpad & LaunchpoolDiscover and gain access to new token launches](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)
  * [MegadropLock your BNB and complete Web3 quests for boosted airdrop rewards](https://www.binance.com/en/megadrop)
  * [Mining PoolMine more rewards by connecting to the pool](https://pool.binance.com/en)
  * [PaySend, receive and spend crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/payment)
  * [LoansGet an instant loan secured by crypto assets](https://www.binance.com/en/loan)

  * [NFTExplore NFTs from creators worldwide](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/home)
  * [Fan TokenDiscover an all-new fandom and unlock unlimited fan experiences](https://www.binance.com/en/fan-token)
  * [Web3 WalletMeet the next-generation Web3 wallet](https://www.binance.com/en/web3wallet)
  * [BNB ChainThe most popular blockchain to build your own dApp](https://www.bnbchain.org)
  * [CharityBlockchain empowers charity to be more transparent, efficient, and traceable](https://www.binance.charity)

[Log
In](https://accounts.binance.com/en/login?loginChannel=blog&return_to=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYmluYW5jZS5jb20vZW4vYmxvZy9sb2Fucy9jYWxjdWxhdGluZy15b3VyLWxvYW50b3ZhbHVlLXJhdGlvLWx0di10by1hdm9pZC1saXF1aWRhdGlvbi00MjE0OTk4MjQ2ODQ5MDM1NzU%2FbGFuZz1lbg%3D%3D)[Sign
Up](https://accounts.binance.com/en/register?registerChannel=blog&return_to=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYmluYW5jZS5jb20vZW4vYmxvZy9sb2Fucy9jYWxjdWxhdGluZy15b3VyLWxvYW50b3ZhbHVlLXJhdGlvLWx0di10by1hdm9pZC1saXF1aWRhdGlvbi00MjE0OTk4MjQ2ODQ5MDM1NzU%2FbGFuZz1lbg%3D%3D)

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/images/common/logo.png)

Scan to Download App IOS & Android

[More Download
Options](https://www.binance.com/en/download?utm_source=&utm_campaign=)

##### [Binance Blog](/blog)

# Calculating Your Loan-to-Value Ratio (LTV) To Avoid Liquidation

2022-03-23

## Main Takeaway:

  * Loan-to-value (LTV) ratio is used by Binance Loans to assess each individual’s lending risk level.

  * If your LTV is higher than the Liquidation LTV, your collateral will be forcefully liquidated to repay your loan.

  * Learn how to calculate your LTV and avoid forced liquidation here.

_Learn how to calculate Loan-to-value (LTV) ratios to avoid liquidation,
liquidation fees and disruptions in your crypto trading and investing plans._

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20220316/51afc3ac-2dd8-4c36-9c79-00e09534fda2.png)

Experienced traders borrow crypto for spot, margin and futures trading to
increase their

position size and amplify their trading performance. Binance Loans supports
the borrowing of several cryptocurrencies, including
[BTC](https://www.binance.com/en/loan/btc),
[ETH](https://www.binance.com/en/loan/eth),
[BUSD](https://www.binance.com/en/loan/busd) and
[USDT](https://www.binance.com/en/loan/usdt) to help you do so.

Looking to boost your trading performance? [Binance
Loans](https://www.binance.com/en/loan?ref=VJ9G6UC4) is a lending solution
that allows users to access crypto loans at competitive rates to increase
position size. However, this approach to trading also carries more risks as
your position may be liquidated quickly if the market moves against you.
Therefore, it is important to always do your due diligence before entering
riskier trades involving loaned crypto. Understand the concept of LTV to
better manage your crypto loans and positions.

## What is Loan-To-Value (LTV)?

[Loan-to-value (LTV)](https://www.binance.com/en/support/faq/360040490772) is
the ratio of your loan to the value of your collateral. Traditionally, LTV is
an assessment of lending risk examined by financial institutions and other
lenders before they approve of a mortgage. Typically, loan assessments with
high LTV ratios are considered higher-risk loans. Therefore, if the mortgage
is approved, the loan will generally also have a higher interest rate. On the
contrary, the lower the [LTV ratio](https://www.binance.com/en/loan/data), the
greater the chance that the loan will be approved and the lower the interest
rate is likely to be.

## Loan-To-Value (LTV) Ratio Used In Binance

Binance Loans uses LTV to measure each individual’s lending risk. LTV is the
ratio of the value of your loan to the value of your collateral. You can check
the price used to calculate the values using the [Index Price
page](https://www.binance.com/en/loan/data). Note that different assets used
as [collateral](https://academy.binance.com/en/glossary/collateral) have
different initial LTVs, which means that when you use different coins as
collateral of the same value, the loan you take is of a different value as
well. If your LTV is higher than the Liquidation LTV, you will be informed to
add more collateral or repay your loan. If your LTV is higher than the
liquidation LTV, the system will liquidate your collateral to repay your loan.

### Calculating Loan-To-Value (LTV) Ratio

Below is the formula used to calculate the Loan-to-Value ratio.

**LTV** = Loan Amount / Collateral Amount x 100%

**Loan Amount** = Principal + Interest

[Visit this User Manual
](https://www.binance.com/en/support/faq/360041277432)for an in-depth guide to
calculate or adjust your LTV ratio.

## Forced Liquidation and How to Avoid it

### When does forced liquidation occur?

If you have put up collateral to loan crypto, when your LTV ratio reaches the
Margin Call level, you will receive a margin call notification prompting you
to add collateral to reduce the risk of liquidation. Forced liquidation
happens when a position is forcefully closed due to a partial or total loss of
one’s initial margin. Binance does this to protect traders from incurring any
additional losses by reducing further market exposure.

When the LTV ratio reaches the Liquidation Call level, it will trigger a
forced liquidation on your collateralized assets, and you will receive a
liquidation call notification. Upon liquidation, a liquidation fee of 2% of
your loan amount will be imposed.

### Disadvantages of forced liquidation

Being forcefully liquidated may put you in a disadvantageous position as your
positions are automatically closed. Since you no longer have open positions in
the market, you may miss out on profit-making opportunities should the market
condition improve. In addition, because you are not voluntarily liquidating
your assets, you do not have a choice in when to sell your assets, which means
that your assets may not be sold for an optimal price. Finally, forced
liquidation also incurs a fixed fee of 2% of your loan amount.

### Adjusting LTV to avoid liquidation

Due to the volatile nature of the [crypto
market](https://www.binance.com/en/markets), liquidation can be a common
occurrence for people who do not monitor their assets. In addition to being
disruptive of your plans, liquidation also incurs unnecessary liquidation
costs and could cause you to lose your current position in the market. To
mitigate the chances of being liquidated, especially during extreme price
movements, users are recommended to monitor their LTV regularly and adjust
timely.

**Step 1:** Sign into your [Binance
account](https://accounts.binance.com/en/login).

**Step 2:** Go to the [Ongoing Orders] page under Binance Loans and click
[Adjust LTV].

**Step 3:** Adjust your LTV by moving the LTV bar, or manually add or remove
the collateral amount.

**Step 4:** Once you are done adjusting, click [Add Collateral] or [Remove
Collateral] to confirm your LTV adjustment.

For more details, please refer to the [user
manual](https://www.binance.com/en/support/faq/360041278132).

## Conclusion

Traders can [loan BTC](https://www.binance.com/en/loan/btc),
[ETH](https://www.binance.com/en/loan/eth) and [other major
cryptocurrencies](https://www.binance.com/en/loan/data) to take part in
[futures](https://www.binance.com/en/futures) or [margin
trading](https://www.binance.com/en/margin-trading) to amplify their trading
performance. However, these strategies involve higher risks and require
traders to always do their due diligence to reduce the risk of large losses.
While it is impossible to predict the market, you can take precautions to
avoid liquidation when borrowing crypto by monitoring and adjusting your LTV
regularly.

**Read the following support items for more information:**

  * (Support) [What are Binance Loans](https://www.binance.com/en/support/faq/360041277432)?

  * (Blog) [Crypto Loans: How to Borrow Cryptocurrencies?](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/loans/crypto-loans-how-to-borrow-cryptocurrencies-421499824684902409)

  * (Blog)[Should You Borrow Against Crypto: Pros and Cons](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/loans/should-you-borrow-against-crypto-pros-and-cons-421499824684903345)

  * (Academy) [What Is Crypto Lending and How Does It Work?](https://academy.binance.com/en/articles/what-is-crypto-lending-and-how-does-it-work)

  * (Academy) [Interest Rates Explained](https://academy.binance.com/en/articles/interest-rates-explained)

  * And many more[ Binance FAQ](https://www.binance.com/en/support/faq) topics…

**Disclaimer:** Cryptocurrency investment is subject to high market risk.
Binance is not responsible for any of your trading losses. The opinions and
statements made above should not be considered financial advice.

195,058,152 users chose us. Find out why today.

Register Now

Like this post

###### Share Post

Article Outlines

Calculating Your Loan-to-Value Ratio (LTV) To Avoid Liquidation

Main Takeaway:

What is Loan-To-Value (LTV)?

Loan-To-Value (LTV) Ratio Used In Binance

Forced Liquidation and How to Avoid it

Conclusion

195,058,152 users chose us. Find out why today.

Register Now

### Community

[](https://discord.gg/jE4wt8g2H2)[](https://www.binance.com/en/community)[](https://www.tiktok.com/@binance?lang=en)[](https://www.facebook.com/binance)[](https://twitter.com/binance)[](https://www.reddit.com/r/binance)[](https://www.instagram.com/Binance/)[](https://coinmarketcap.com/exchanges/binance/)[](https://www.youtube.com/binanceyoutube)[](https://www.binance.com/en/community)

English

English

العربية

العربية (البحرين)

български

Čeština

Dansk

Deutsch (Schweiz)

Ελληνικά

English (UAE)

English (Australia)

English (Bahrain)

English (India)

English (Japan)

English (Kazakhstan)

English (Nigeria)

English (New Zealand)

English (South Africa)

Español (España)

Español (Argentina)

Español (Latinoamérica)

Español (México)

Français

Français (Afrique)

magyar nyelv

Bahasa Indonesia

Italiano

日本語

Қазақша (Қазақстан)

Қазақша

ລາວ

latviešu valoda

Polski

Português

Português (Brasil)

Română

Русский

Русский (Казахстан)

Русский (Украина)

සිංහල

Slovenčina

Slovenščina

Svenska

Türkçe

Українська

Tiếng Việt

简体中文

繁體中文

USD-$

USD-$

AED-د.إ

ARS-ARS$

AUD-A$

BDT-৳

BGN-лв

BHD-.د.ب

BOB-$b

BRL-R$

CAD-C$

CHF-CHF

CNY-¥

COP-COL$

CZK-Kč

DKK-KR

EGP-E£

EUR-€

GBP-£

HKD-HKD

HRK-kn

HUF-Ft

IDR-Rp

INR-₹

JPY-¥

KES-KSh

KWD-ك.د

KZT-₸

MAD-م.د.

MNT-₮

MXN-Mex$

NZD-NZ$

OMR-ر.ع.

PEN-S/.

PHP-₱

PKR-₨

PLN-zł

QAR-ر.ق

RON-lei

RUB-₽

SAR-ر.س

SEK-kr

THB-฿

TRY-₺

TWD-NT$

UAH-₴

UGX-USh

VES-Bs

VND-₫

ZAR-R

Theme

English

USD

Theme

### About Us

  * [About](https://www.binance.com/en/about)
  * [Careers](https://www.binance.com/en/careers)
  * [Announcements](https://www.binance.com/en/support/announcement)
  * [News](https://www.binance.com/en/square/news/all)
  * [Press](https://www.binance.com/en/press)
  * [Legal](https://www.binance.com/en/legal/home)
  * [Terms](https://www.binance.com/en/terms)
  * [Privacy](https://www.binance.com/en/about-legal/privacy-portal)
  * [Building Trust](https://www.binance.com/en/land/building_trust)
  * [Blog](https://www.binance.com/en/blog)
  * [Community](https://www.binance.com/en/community)
  * [Sitemap](https://www.binance.com/en/country-region-selector)
  * [Risk Warning](https://www.binance.com/en/risk-warning)
  * [Notices](https://www.binance.com/en/support/list/notices)
  * [Downloads](https://www.binance.com/en/download)
  * [Desktop Application](https://www.binance.com/en/desktop-download)

### Products

  * [Exchange](https://www.binance.com/en/trade)
  * [Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/buy-sell-crypto)
  * [Leveraged Tokens](https://www.binance.com/en/leveraged-tokens/tokens/allTokens)
  * [TradingView](https://www.binance.com/en/land/tradingview)
  * [Pay](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/payment)
  * [Academy](https://academy.binance.com/en)
  * [Live](https://www.binance.com/en/live)
  * [Tax](https://www.binance.com/en/tax)
  * [Gift Card](https://www.binance.com/en/gift-card)
  * [Launchpad & Launchpool](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)
  * [Auto-Invest](https://www.binance.com/en/auto-invest)
  * [ETH Staking](https://www.binance.com/en/eth2)
  * [NFT](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/home)
  * [BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/bnb)
  * [BABT](https://www.binance.com/en/BABT?source=footer)
  * [Research](https://www.binance.com/en/research)
  * [Charity](https://www.binance.charity)

### Business

  * [P2P Merchant Application](https://c2c.binance.com/en/merchantApplication)
  * [P2Pro Merchant Application](https://p2p.binance.com/en/p2pro)
  * [Listing Application](https://www.binance.com/en/my/coin-apply)
  * [Institutional & VIP Services](https://www.binance.com/en/vip-institutional-services)
  * [Labs](https://labs.binance.com/)

### Learn

  * [Learn & Earn](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn)
  * [Browse Crypto Prices](https://www.binance.com/en/price)
  * [Bitcoin Price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/bitcoin)
  * [Ethereum Price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/ethereum)
  * [Browse Crypto Price Predictions](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction)
  * [Bitcoin Price Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction/bitcoin)
  * [Ethereum Price Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction/ethereum)
  * [Buy Bitcoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bitcoin)
  * [Buy BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bnb)
  * [Buy Ripple](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/xrp)
  * [Buy Dogecoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/dogecoin)
  * [Buy Ethereum](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/ethereum)
  * [Buy Tradable Altcoins](https://www.binance.com/en/altcoins/tradable)

### Service

  * [Affiliate](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/affiliate)
  * [Referral](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/referral?utm_source=Lite_web_footer)
  * [OTC Trading](https://www.binance.com/en/otc)
  * [Historical Market Data](https://www.binance.com/en/landing/data)
  * [Proof of Reserves](https://www.binance.com/en/proof-of-reserves)

### Support

  * [24/7 Chat Support](https://www.binance.com/en/chat?sourceEntry=4)
  * [Support Center](https://www.binance.com/en/support)
  * [Product Feedback & Suggestions](https://www.binance.com/en/my/user-support/feedback/entry)
  * [Fees](https://www.binance.com/en/fee/schedule)
  * [APIs](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-api)
  * [Binance Verify](https://www.binance.com/en/official-verification)
  * [Trading Rules](https://www.binance.com/en/trade-rule)
  * [Binance Airdrop Portal](https://www.binance.com/en/airdrop)
  * [Law Enforcement Requests](https://www.binance.com/en/support/law-enforcement)

Binance© 2024Cookie Preferences

