  * **Wallet**[**Mobile App** The world of Web3 in your pocket](/download)[**Browser Extension** An optimized Web3 experience for desktop](/browser-extension)
  * **Features**[**Swaps** Swap securely and seamlessly](/swap)[**Staking** Earn crypto rewards while securing networks](/staking)[**NFTs** Explore the world of NFTs](/nft)[**Security** Learn how we keep your assets & Web3 journey safe](/security)[**Buy Crypto** Buy crypto in under five minutes](/buy-crypto)[**SWIFT: Smart Contract Wallet** Explore Web3 easily with account abstraction features](/swift)
  * **Build**[**Developer Docs** Get guides for building powerful Web3 applications](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/)[**Wallet Core** Open-source, mobile-focused crypto wallet library](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/wallet-core)[**Submit dApp** Get your dApp in front of millions](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-dapps)[**Get assets listed** Elevate your asset’s exposure](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-assets)
  * **Support**[**FAQ** Get answers to your most pressing questions](https://community.trustwallet.com/c/helpcenter/8)[**Community Forum** Connect with our vibrant and diverse community](https://community.trustwallet.com/)[**Contact Us** Reach out for personalized support](https://support.trustwallet.com/en/support/home)
  * **About**[**About Us** Discover who we are and what drives us](/about-us)[**Careers** Join us in shaping the future of Web3](/careers)[**Press Kit** Download our official logo and other media assets](/press)[**Blog** Stay up-to-date on Web3 trends and insights](/blog)[**Terms of Service** What you need to know to use our services](/terms-of-service)[**Privacy Policy** Your privacy matters, learn how we protect it](/privacy-policy)

DarkLightLanguage

[Download Trust Wallet](/download)

[](/)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.4edbb099.svg)[**Mobile App** The world
of Web3 in your pocket](/download)[**Browser Extension** An optimized Web3
experience for desktop](/browser-extension)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.e7c57d68.svg)[**Swaps** Swap securely
and seamlessly](/swap)[**Staking** Earn crypto rewards while securing
networks](/staking)[**NFTs** Explore the world of NFTs](/nft)[**Security**
Learn how we keep your assets & Web3 journey safe](/security)[**Buy Crypto**
Buy crypto in under five minutes](/buy-crypto)[**SWIFT: Smart Contract
Wallet** Explore Web3 easily with account abstraction features](/swift)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.b373ab3f.svg)[**Developer Docs** Get
guides for building powerful Web3
applications](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/)[**Wallet Core**
Open-source, mobile-focused crypto wallet
library](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/wallet-core)[**Submit
dApp** Get your dApp in front of
millions](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-dapps)[**Get
assets listed** Elevate your asset’s
exposure](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-assets)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.1211abf0.svg)[**FAQ** Get answers to
your most pressing
questions](https://community.trustwallet.com/c/helpcenter/8)[**Community
Forum** Connect with our vibrant and diverse
community](https://community.trustwallet.com/)[**Contact Us** Reach out for
personalized support](https://support.trustwallet.com/en/support/home)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.9a6dd06f.svg)[**About Us** Discover who
we are and what drives us](/about-us)[**Careers** Join us in shaping the
future of Web3](/careers)[**Press Kit** Download our official logo and other
media assets](/press)[**Blog** Stay up-to-date on Web3 trends and
insights](/blog)[**Terms of Service** What you need to know to use our
services](/terms-of-service)[**Privacy Policy** Your privacy matters, learn
how we protect it](/privacy-policy)

[](/)

WalletFeaturesBuildSupportAbout

Language

[Download](/download)

[Home](/)  >  [Blog](/blog)  >  [Guides](/blog?category=Guides)  >
[Beginner's Guide to Injective (INJ)](/blog/beginners-guide-to-injective)

##### Guides

# Beginner's Guide to Injective (INJ)

Published on: Apr 3, 2024

##### Share post

[](https://facebook.com/trustwalletapp)[](https://github.com/trustwallet)[](https://instagram.com/trustwallet)[](https://twitter.com/trustwallet)[](https://discord.gg/trustwallet)[](https://reddit.com/r/trustapp)[](https://t.me/trustwallet)

  * **What is Injective (INJ)?**
  * **How Does Injective Work?**
  * **What Projects Can You Build on Injective?**
  * **What is the INJ token?**
  * **How to Deposit INJ to Your Trust Wallet Address**
  * **How to Stake INJ using Trust Wallet**

##### In Brief

Discover everything you need to know about Injective (INJ), the fastest layer
1 blockchain shaping the future of finance.

![Beginner's Guide to Injective
\(INJ\)](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fbeginners_guide_injective_d5adf56765.png&w=3840&q=75)

This guide gives you comprehensive exploration of Injective (INJ).
[INJ](https://trustwallet.com/injective-wallet) is a protocol that has been
making waves in the realm of decentralized finance (DeFi). Throughout the
guide, we’ll outline the protocol’s core features that set it apart. We'll
uncover the inner workings of Injective and its pivotal role within the
[DeFi](https://trustwallet.com/) ecosystem.

Before we get started, remember that you can buy, sell, swap, and [stake
Injective](https://trustwallet.com/blog/how-to-stake-injective-inj-and-earn-
rewards-using-trust-wallet) (INJ) for crypto rewards right inside Trust
Wallet, via our trusted partners.

[![Download-Trust-Wallet-Button.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2FDownload_Trust_Wallet_Button_3b2b015a21.png&w=3840&q=75)](https://short.trustwallet.com/TW-
blog)

## What is Injective (INJ)?

[Injective](https://trustwallet.com/injective-wallet) is an open,
interoperable layer 1 blockchain designed for building DeFi applications. By
providing a robust infrastructure and plug-and-play modules, Injective
empowers developers and DeFi users to create and participate in a more
inclusive, accessible financial ecosystem.

Injective was Co-founded by Eric Chen and Albert Chon. The idea behind
Injective was to create a blockchain network that allows anyone to participate
in the global financial ecosystem, no matter who or where they are.

Injective’s flexibility and focus on financial applications have led many to
regard it as "the blockchain built for finance." Injective’s architecture
enables the creation of various financial products, including spot trading,
futures, perpetual swaps, and more. All within a decentralized, permissionless
environment.

Injective's commitment to decentralization, security, and scalability further
enhances its appeal to developers and users seeking to engage in DeFi
activities, without relying on centralized intermediaries or facing
scalability issues.

![beginners-guide-injective-3.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fbeginners_guide_injective_3_cb5c4f32c5.png&w=3840&q=75)

### Understanding the DeFi Landscape

DeFi has emerged as a groundbreaking force in the realm of finance,
revolutionizing traditional systems through blockchain technology. In the DeFi
landscape, financial services are built on decentralized networks, enabling
peer-to-peer transactions without the need for intermediaries like banks or
brokerage firms.

DeFi encompasses a wide array of financial activities, including lending,
borrowing, trading, asset management, and more, all conducted through smart
contracts on blockchain platforms. This innovative approach offers
unparalleled transparency, accessibility, and security, democratizing access
to financial services for people around the globe.

## How Does Injective Work?

Injective Protocol empowers a new era of decentralized finance (DeFi) by
providing the building blocks for powerful and versatile DeFi applications,
with a core focus on decentralized exchanges (DEXs). Let's explore how
Injective works:

### Layer 1 Blockchain

Injective is an independent blockchain (Injective Chain) designed for DeFi.
This custom foundation offers advantages like faster transaction speeds and
support for complex financial instruments.

### Enabling DEX Creation

While not a DEX itself, Injective empowers developers to build DEXs on top of
its blockchain. It provides a rich set of tools and functionalities like on-
chain order book systems, liquidity management modules, and APIs that
streamline DEX development.

### On-Chain Order Book System for Efficiency

Unlike some DEXs that rely on Automated Market Makers (AMMs), DEXs built on
Injective leverage an on-chain order book system. This system directly matches
buy and sell orders between users, similar to centralized exchanges. This
system potentially offers greater efficiency and liquidity for advanced
financial products.

### Cross-Chain Compatibility

Injective boasts strong interoperability with other blockchains. This means
users can transfer assets from various chains and trade them on DEXs built on
Injective, expanding the liquidity and variety of tradable assets within the
Injective ecosystem.

### Community Driven Innovation

The INJ token fuels the Injective ecosystem. It allows community members
(developers, traders, users) to participate in governance by proposing and
voting on upgrades to the Injective protocol, shaping its future development.

Injective acts as the foundation upon which innovative DEXs and other DeFi
applications can be built. It provides the infrastructure, tools, and
functionalities needed for developers to create efficient and user-friendly
DeFi experiences. This focus on familiar order book systems within a secure,
decentralized environment positions Injective as a key player in the future of
open and accessible finance.

## What Projects Can You Build on Injective?

Injective Protocol empowers developers to craft a new generation of
decentralized finance (DeFi) applications, with a strong focus on the
following areas:

  * Exchanges.

  * Lending.

  * Derivatives.

  * Options.

  * Savings.

  * Insurance.

![beginners-guide-injective-2.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fbeginners_guide_injective_2_885966bfb0.png&w=3840&q=75)

## What is the INJ token?

The [INJ token](https://trustwallet.com/injective-wallet) is the native
cryptocurrency of the Injective Protocol. Injective operates on its own layer
1 blockchain, Injective Chain, and aims to provide a permissionless,
transparent, and efficient trading platform for various financial products
like spot trading, futures, and perpetual swaps.

INJ serves several crucial functions within the Injective ecosystem:

### Proof of Stake Security

The Injective blockchain relies on the native INJ token for security. The
token has various uses. There are 100 million INJ tokens, with more added
through block rewards. The target INJ inflation starts at 7% and decreases
gradually to 2% over time. There's a deflationary mechanism in place to
potentially reduce the total supply below the initial amount.

### Governance

INJ also acts as the governance token for
[Injective](https://trustwallet.com/injective-wallet), giving holders control
over various aspects of the protocol including auction module parameters,
exchange module proposals, insurance module parameters, and more. It's used
for software upgrades and to manage Cosmos-SDK module parameters.

### Exchange dApps Incentives

The exchange protocol implements minimum trading fees, with makers charged
0.1% and takers 0.2%. Exchange dApps that bring trading activity to the
platform receive 40% of the trading fees generated from the orders they
initiate.

### Exchange Fee Value Accrual

60% of the exchange fee undergoes an on-chain buy-back-and-burn event, where
the fee basket is auctioned for INJ and then burned, reducing the total
supply.

### Collateral Backing for Derivatives

[INJ](https://trustwallet.com/injective-wallet) can be used as collateral for
Injective's derivatives markets, serving as an alternative to stablecoins. In
some cases, it can also be staked for interest in insurance pools.

## How to Deposit INJ to Your Trust Wallet Address

You can deposit INJ from another [INJ
wallet](https://trustwallet.com/injective-wallet) or from a centralized
exchange. Here’s how:

  * Select “Receive” from the home screen.

  * Search for “INJ” and select it.

From here you have two options. You can either:

  1. Copy your deposit address and use that on your exchange account or other INJ wallet to send funds to.

  2. Use the “Deposit from exchange” option to deposit crypto seamlessly from your exchange account.

![beginners-guide-injective-1.gif](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fbeginners_guide_injective_1_c4c008efb0.gif&w=3840&q=75)

## How to Stake INJ using Trust Wallet

To stake INJ, do the following:

  * Select the “Earn” button from the main wallet page.

  * Select “INJ Injective”.

  * Select “Stake”.

  * Choose the amount you want to stake and choose the validator you want to use by selecting the Validator dropdown.

  * Once you choose a validator, then select “Continue”.

  * Follow the remaining instructions to confirm your stake.

![beginners-guide-injective-4.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fbeginners_guide_injective_4_e702b5955c.png&w=3840&q=75)

And that’s it, you’ve staked Injective!

Remember that in addition to INJ, Trust Wallet lets you manage and interact
with 10M+ crypto assets across 100+ blockchains. Download the latest version,
and start using the top [crypto wallet](https://trustwallet.com/blog/crypto-
wallet) today.

[![Download-Trust-Wallet-Button.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2FDownload_Trust_Wallet_Button_3b2b015a21.png&w=3840&q=75)](https://short.trustwallet.com/TW-
blog)

Join the Trust Wallet community on [Telegram](https://rebrand.ly/TW-Telegram-
Announcements) Follow us on [X (formerly Twitter)](https://rebrand.ly/TW-
Twitter-Blog) [Instagram](https://rebrand.ly/TW-Insta-Blog)
[Facebook](https://rebrand.ly/TW-FB-Blog) [Reddit](https://rebrand.ly/TW-
Reddit-Blog)

> **Note:** Any cited numbers, figures, or illustrations are reported at the
> time of writing, and are subject to change.

#### Simple and convenient to use, seamless to explore

[Download Trust Wallet](/download)

##### Stay Connected:

[](https://facebook.com/trustwalletapp)[](https://github.com/trustwallet)[](https://instagram.com/trustwallet)[](https://twitter.com/trustwallet)[](https://discord.gg/trustwallet)[](https://reddit.com/r/trustapp)[](https://t.me/trustwallet)

  * **Wallet**[Mobile App](/download)[Browser Extension](/browser-extension)
  * **Features**[Buy Crypto](/buy-crypto)[Swaps](/swap)[Staking](/staking)[NFTs](/nft)[Security](/security)[SWIFT: Smart Contract Wallet](/swift)
  * **Build**[Developer Docs](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/)[Wallet Core](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/wallet-core)[Submit dApp](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-dapps)[Get assets listed](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-assets)
  * **Support**[FAQ](https://community.trustwallet.com/c/helpcenter/8)[Community Forum](https://community.trustwallet.com/)[Contact Us](https://support.trustwallet.com/en/support/home)
  * **About**[About Us](/about-us)[Careers](/careers)[Press Kit](/press)[Terms of Service](/terms-of-service)[Privacy Policy](/privacy-policy)[Blog](/blog)
  * ![A-LIGN ISO 27701](/_next/static/media/image.8354ab2c.svg)![A-LIGN ISO 27001](/_next/static/media/image.7f0b3bc9.svg)

**Download Trust Wallet**

The most trusted & secure crypto wallet.

[Download for iOS](https://apps.apple.com/app/apple-
store/id1288339409?mt=8)[Download
Extension![Chrome](/_next/static/media/raw.7dd85797.svg)](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/trust-
wallet/egjidjbpglichdcondbcbdnbeeppgdph)[Download APK](/download/apk)[Download
for Android![App
Store](/_next/image?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Fimage.5ee64b2e.png&w=256&q=75)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.wallet.crypto.trustapp)

