Metaco.com will be sunset as of June 7, 2024

[Learn more](https://ripple.com/solutions/digital-asset-custody/ "Learn more")

Skip to main content

[![Metaco](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/logo.svg?x88149)![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/logo-w.svg?x88149)](https://www.metaco.com)

  * Solutions __

__Solutions

Solutions

    * [__Global Custodians Build tomorrow's market infrastructure ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/global-custodians-top-tier-banks/)
    * [__Universal Banks Satisfy demand for new asset classes ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/universal-banks/)
    * [__Neobanks & FintechsFind new routes to monetization ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/neobanks-fintechs/)
    * [__Regulated Exchanges Grow volumes and profit margins ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/regulated-exchanges/)
    * [__Corporates Boost customer loyalty and engagement ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/corporates/)

  * Platform __

__Platform

Platform

Deploy ambitious digital asset use cases with the most secure and versatile
infrastructure.

    * [__Harmonize™ Platform Overview Issue, store, trade, transfer, settle and service any type of digital asset. ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/harmonize/)
    * [__Custody Hot, warm and institutional cold storage ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/custody/)
    * [__Trading Powerful order execution, funding and settlement ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/trading/)
    * [__Web3 Web3 Portal spanning NFTs, DeFi and DApps ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/web3/)
    * [__Governance Entirely customizable risk and compliance controls ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/governance/)
    * [__Orchestration A single source of truth for managing all digital assets ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/orchestration/)
    * [__Tokenization Asset-agnostic smart contract management framework ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/tokenization/)
    * [__Integration Fully integrable platform following enterprise standards ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/integration/)
    * [__Security Highest protection against insider and external threats ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/security/)

  * Company __

__Company

Company

    * [__About](https://www.metaco.com/company/about/)
    * [__Media & news](https://www.metaco.com/company/media-coverage-press-releases/)
    * [__Careers](https://www.metaco.com/careers/)

  * Resources __

__Resources

Resources

    * [__Talks](https://www.metaco.com/resources/talks/)
    * [__Webinars](https://www.metaco.com/resources/webinars/)
    * [__Case studies](https://www.metaco.com/resources/case-studies/)
    * [__Reports](https://www.metaco.com/resources/reports/)
    * [__Blog](https://www.metaco.com/resources/blog/)

[Contact](https://www.metaco.com/contact/ "Contact")

[Blog](https://www.metaco.com/category/blog/)

# Opportunity Knocking: Banks as Digital Asset Custodians

  *  __ November 7, 2023
  *  __6 min

Share

  * [ __](https://www.linkedin.com/sharing/share-offsite/?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.metaco.com%2Fblog%2Fopportunity-knocking-banks-as-digital-asset-custodians%2F)
  * [__](https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Metaco+https%3A%2F%2Fwww.metaco.com%2Fblog%2Fopportunity-knocking-banks-as-digital-asset-custodians%2F+via+%40metaco_sa)

Since the emergence of Bitcoin 15 years ago, digital assets have steadily
diversified and expanded, earning growing interest from enterprise and
institutional investors _[1]_. As adoption has surged and digital assets have
become essential parts of the world’s financial systems, so too has the demand
for better ways to safeguard and manage them.

Banks and financial service institutions, long the trusted guardians of
traditional financial assets, have an opportunity to capitalize on this growth
by diversifying into new crypto custody solutions designed explicitly for the
unique needs of digital assets.

### Robust Landscape of Digital Assets

The definition of digital assets has widened beyond just cryptocurrencies such
as Bitcoin, Ether and XRP, to encompass a broad range of other [tokenized
assets](https://www.metaco.com/blog/tokenization-asset-ownership-etf-reit/)
whose value is represented on a blockchain _[2]_. These assets include
stablecoins, tokenized real-world assets like stocks and bonds, Central Bank
Digital Currencies (CBDCs) and more. At their peak in November of 2021, these
assets represented a $3 trillion market _[3]_.

The global digital asset custody market has grown as the need for safekeeping
these assets has become paramount. Valued at $447.9 billion in 2022 _[4]_ ,
it’s poised to explode as the world transitions to a tokenized future.

The combination of greater institutional interest in digital assets and
increasing regulatory clarity around the world has opened the door for banks
to meet this urgent need for trusted crypto custody providers. This is
evidenced by the increasing number of banks entering the digital asset custody
market to meet accelerating demand _[5]_.

![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/11/metaco-
blog-02.jpg?x88149)

### [Strategies for Deploying Custody
Solutions](https://www.metaco.com/whitepaper/primer-da-custody/)

At its most basic, the “custodian” of a digital asset refers to the party that
controls a blockchain wallet’s private keys.

These generally fall into three types:

  * _Non custodial wallets_ rely on the digital asset holder to manage their own private keys using digital wallets or hardware wallets.
  * _Institutional self-custody_ means the bank or financial institution protects its own digital assets and those of its customers, including all regulatory needs, disaster recovery and backup services, insurance coverage and more. 
  * _Institutional sub-custody_ engages one or more licensed third-party custody provider to assume these responsibilities. 

The first and most fundamental question for banks considering offering digital
asset custody solutions is whether to build or buy. Building allows for a wide
range of customization and puts a bank fully in control, but it requires a
large investment, complex technical expertise, ongoing management resources
and a high degree of operational risk. Engaging a third-party provider
mitigates these downsides while significantly speeding time to market. While
this does mean the bank is reliant on an external solution with slightly more
standardized offerings, [crypto custodians that offer agility and
flexibility](https://www.metaco.com/blog/how-emerging-tokenized-deposit-
services-will-transform-global-commerce/) do exist.

In most cases, banks are seeking solutions that allow them to engage in
digital asset trading, custody and staking themselves or on behalf of clients.
They need a solution that allows them to go to market quickly and easily
(think weeks, not months) without having to make significant investments in
infrastructure or expertise.

For many, that means a third-party custody solution. These generally fall into
two categories: exchange-hosted wallets or digital asset custodians. The first
is a form of institutional self-custody. There is no management fee, but
policies are set by crypto exchanges and wallets may be more vulnerable to
hackers. The latter is a more secure and fully managed custody solution, but
often comes with a higher price tag.

The key for banks, no matter which custody solution they select, is to meet
the overriding imperative of their institutional clients: to preserve the
advantages of digital assets while ensuring security in an environment where
loss is unrecoverable.

### Custody as a Competitive Advantage

For banks, an investment in digital asset custody solutions is not a luxury
but rather an imperative. Banks have a clear opening to step up as
institutional crypto custodians and fulfill the desired combination of
functionality, opportunity and peace of mind for their customers.

A successful custody offering will deliver clear competitive advantages and
allows banks to remain relevant in a changing financial world. New revenue
streams, enhanced liquidity, cost savings and increased transparency can all
net new customers and an easier path to retaining current ones.

Done right, it can reduce a bank’s risk profile, ensuring proper security and
compliance measures that enable its ability to seamlessly diversify across new
regulatory jurisdictions. Custody and orchestration solutions can also
accelerate a bank’s technological leadership.

Download the full report from Metaco for [A Primer on Digital Asset
Custody](https://www.metaco.com/whitepaper/primer-da-custody/), including a
deeper dive on the considerations and core tenets banks must take into account
when building a solution or choosing a digital asset custody provider.  

    
    
    _[1]https://www.pwchk.com/en/press-room/press-releases/pr-110723.html_
    _[2] https://ripple.com/insights/the-tokenization-revolution/_
    _[3] https://www.coingecko.com/en/global-charts_
    _[4] https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/02/09/2604673/0/en/Digital-Asset-Custody-Market-2023-will-Revenue-to-Cross-reaching-USD-1601115-31-million-by-2028-with-CAGR-of-23-65-during-the-forecast-period-Top-Companies-report-covers-Market-spe.html_
    _[5] https://futureoffinance.biz/digital-asset-custody-the-future-looks-like-the-past-3/_



## Subscribe to future **Metaco insights**

[ Subscribe](https://go.metaco.com/l/1003211/2023-09-22/qzqx "Subscribe")

![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/footer.png?x88149)

[![Metaco](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/logo-w.svg?x88149)](https://www.metaco.com)

  * [Solutions](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/)
    * [Global Custodians](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/global-custodians-top-tier-banks/)
    * [Universal Banks](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/universal-banks/)
    * [Neobanks & Fintechs](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/neobanks-fintechs/)
    * [Regulated Exchanges](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/regulated-exchanges/)
    * [Corporates](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/corporates/)
  * [Platform](https://www.metaco.com/platform/)
    * [Harmonize™](https://www.metaco.com/platform/harmonize/)
    * [Custody](https://www.metaco.com/platform/custody/)
    * [Trading](https://www.metaco.com/platform/trading/)
    * [Web3](https://www.metaco.com/platform/web3/)
    * [Governance](https://www.metaco.com/platform/governance/)
    * [Orchestration](https://www.metaco.com/platform/orchestration/)
    * [Tokenization](https://www.metaco.com/platform/tokenization/)
    * [Integration](https://www.metaco.com/platform/integration/)
    * [Security](https://www.metaco.com/platform/security/)
  * [Company](https://www.metaco.com/company/media-coverage-press-releases/)
    * [About](https://www.metaco.com/company/about/)
    * [Media & news](https://www.metaco.com/company/media-coverage-press-releases/)
    * [Jobs](https://www.metaco.com/jobs/)
  * [Resources](https://www.metaco.com/resources/)
    * [Talks](https://www.metaco.com/resources/talks/)
    * [Webinars](https://www.metaco.com/resources/webinars/)
    * [Case studies](https://www.metaco.com/resources/case-studies/)
    * [Reports](https://www.metaco.com/resources/reports/)
    * [Blog](https://www.metaco.com/resources/blog/)

![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/10/sco2.png?x88149)![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/10/iso27001.png?x88149)

  * [__](https://www.twitter.com/metaco_sa "Twitter: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")
  * [__](https://www.linkedin.com/company/metaco-ag/ "Linkedin: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")
  * [__](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC4MLOKnJD9bXfHVXMnHM7ow "Youtube: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")
  * [__](https://open.spotify.com/show/0IiI7iftR3F3RqinfJbpRT "Spotify: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")

© 2015-2024 - Metaco SA - All Rights Reserved |[ Terms & Conditions](https://www.metaco.com/terms-conditions/) | [Privacy Policy](https://www.metaco.com/privacy-policy/) | [Cookie policy](https://www.metaco.com/cookie-policy/)

