  * **Wallet**[**Mobile App** The world of Web3 in your pocket](/download)[**Browser Extension** An optimized Web3 experience for desktop](/browser-extension)
  * **Features**[**Swaps** Swap securely and seamlessly](/swap)[**Staking** Earn crypto rewards while securing networks](/staking)[**NFTs** Explore the world of NFTs](/nft)[**Security** Learn how we keep your assets & Web3 journey safe](/security)[**Buy Crypto** Buy crypto in under five minutes](/buy-crypto)[**SWIFT: Smart Contract Wallet** Explore Web3 easily with account abstraction features](/swift)
  * **Build**[**Developer Docs** Get guides for building powerful Web3 applications](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/)[**Wallet Core** Open-source, mobile-focused crypto wallet library](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/wallet-core)[**Submit dApp** Get your dApp in front of millions](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-dapps)[**Get assets listed** Elevate your asset’s exposure](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-assets)
  * **Support**[**FAQ** Get answers to your most pressing questions](https://community.trustwallet.com/c/helpcenter/8)[**Community Forum** Connect with our vibrant and diverse community](https://community.trustwallet.com/)[**Contact Us** Reach out for personalized support](https://support.trustwallet.com/en/support/home)
  * **About**[**About Us** Discover who we are and what drives us](/about-us)[**Careers** Join us in shaping the future of Web3](/careers)[**Press Kit** Download our official logo and other media assets](/press)[**Blog** Stay up-to-date on Web3 trends and insights](/blog)[**Terms of Service** What you need to know to use our services](/terms-of-service)[**Privacy Policy** Your privacy matters, learn how we protect it](/privacy-policy)

DarkLightLanguage

[Download Trust Wallet](/download)

[](/)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.4edbb099.svg)[**Mobile App** The world
of Web3 in your pocket](/download)[**Browser Extension** An optimized Web3
experience for desktop](/browser-extension)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.e7c57d68.svg)[**Swaps** Swap securely
and seamlessly](/swap)[**Staking** Earn crypto rewards while securing
networks](/staking)[**NFTs** Explore the world of NFTs](/nft)[**Security**
Learn how we keep your assets & Web3 journey safe](/security)[**Buy Crypto**
Buy crypto in under five minutes](/buy-crypto)[**SWIFT: Smart Contract
Wallet** Explore Web3 easily with account abstraction features](/swift)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.b373ab3f.svg)[**Developer Docs** Get
guides for building powerful Web3
applications](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/)[**Wallet Core**
Open-source, mobile-focused crypto wallet
library](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/wallet-core)[**Submit
dApp** Get your dApp in front of
millions](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-dapps)[**Get
assets listed** Elevate your asset’s
exposure](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-assets)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.1211abf0.svg)[**FAQ** Get answers to
your most pressing
questions](https://community.trustwallet.com/c/helpcenter/8)[**Community
Forum** Connect with our vibrant and diverse
community](https://community.trustwallet.com/)[**Contact Us** Reach out for
personalized support](https://support.trustwallet.com/en/support/home)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.9a6dd06f.svg)[**About Us** Discover who
we are and what drives us](/about-us)[**Careers** Join us in shaping the
future of Web3](/careers)[**Press Kit** Download our official logo and other
media assets](/press)[**Blog** Stay up-to-date on Web3 trends and
insights](/blog)[**Terms of Service** What you need to know to use our
services](/terms-of-service)[**Privacy Policy** Your privacy matters, learn
how we protect it](/privacy-policy)

[](/)

WalletFeaturesBuildSupportAbout

Language

[Download](/download)

[Home](/)  >  [Blog](/blog)  >  [Guides](/blog?category=Guides)  >  [A
Beginner's Guide to Near Protocol](/blog/beginners-guide-to-near-protocol)

##### Guides

# A Beginner's Guide to Near Protocol

Published on: Mar 12, 2024

##### Share post

[](https://facebook.com/trustwalletapp)[](https://github.com/trustwallet)[](https://instagram.com/trustwallet)[](https://twitter.com/trustwallet)[](https://discord.gg/trustwallet)[](https://reddit.com/r/trustapp)[](https://t.me/trustwallet)

  * **What is Near Protocol?**
  * **What is NEAR Token?**
  * **What Makes Near Protocol Unique?**
  * **How to Buy NEAR Using Trust Wallet**
  * **How to Deposit NEAR to Your Trust Wallet Address**

##### In Brief

Dive into our beginner's guide to Near Protocol. Explore the blockchain
protocol, token use case, and what unique things this protocol brings to the
crypto space.

![A Beginner's Guide to Near Protocol](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fnear_protocol_guide_57e623e67e.png&w=3840&q=75)

This guide offers a comprehensive exploration of Near Protocol. You’ll learn
about Near’s core principles, tokenomics, and the unique things the protocol
brings to the crypto space. If you’re looking for a secure NEAR crypto wallet
Before we get started, remember that you can easily deposit, manage, buy, and
sell the NEAR using Trust Wallet, which is a secure [crypto
wallet](https://trustwallet.com/blog/crypto-wallet) that supports 100+
blockchains.

[![Download-Trust-Wallet-Button.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2FDownload_Trust_Wallet_Button_3b2b015a21.png&w=3840&q=75)](https://short.trustwallet.com/TW-
blog)

## What is Near Protocol?

Near Protocol (NEAR) is a layer-1 blockchain built to host smart contracts and
decentralized apps (DApps). Near Protocol was designed to make blockchain
technology accessible and user-friendly for developers and end-users. The
protocol exists to create a more inclusive and decentralized internet, by
empowering developers and users to participate in the blockchain ecosystem.
Near emphasizes security, scalability, and usability, making it accessible to
both developers and non-technical users.

### How does Near Protocol Work?

At the core of Near Protocol is a consensus mechanism called Nightshade, which
combines Proof-of-Stake (POS) and sharding to achieve high throughput without
compromising on security. Validators are responsible for proposing and
validating blocks, while stakers provide security and participate in the
consensus process by locking up their tokens.

Near Protocol employs a unique approach to sharding, dividing the network into
smaller groups called "shards," each capable of processing transactions and
smart contracts independently. This architecture enables Near Protocol to
scale effectively, as each shard can operate in parallel, increasing the
overall capacity of the network.

Near Protocol aims to address the scalability and usability challenges faced
by existing blockchain platforms. Thus, making it easier for developers to
build and deploy dApps. Near Protocol offers several features to support
developers, including:

  * A user-friendly development environment.

  * Built-in smart contract functionality.

  * Interoperability with other blockchain networks.

With Near Protocol, developers can easily build dApps using familiar
programming languages like Rust and AssemblyScript.

## What is NEAR Token?

The NEAR token serves as the native utility token of the Near Protocol
ecosystem. NEAR token powers various functionalities within the network,
including transaction fees, to power applications, and storage costs.

Applications hosted on Near Protocol are required to pay storage fees to the
network for data storage and computational tasks. As a mechanism to manage
token supply, a portion of these tokens is "burned" or permanently removed
from circulation, reducing the overall supply of NEAR tokens.

The integrity of transactions within the Near Protocol network is maintained
by computers running the protocol software. Validators play a crucial role in
this process, ensuring the accuracy and validity of transactions. Validators
are incentivized through rewards for
[staking](https://trustwallet.com/staking) their tokens, contributing to the
security and reliability of the Near ecosystem.

Near Protocol employs a controlled token issuance model, increasing the token
supply by 5% annually. The majority of newly issued tokens, approximately 90%,
are allocated to validators as rewards for their efforts in maintaining
network security. The remaining portion is directed towards the blockchain's
treasury, earmarked to support ongoing platform development initiatives.

## What Makes Near Protocol Unique?

Near Protocol distinguishes itself in several ways, setting it apart from
other blockchain platforms:

  * **Scalability:** Near Protocol implements sharding, a technique that partitions the network into smaller groups of nodes, allowing for parallel processing of transactions. This design significantly enhances throughput and reduces latency, enabling Near Protocol to scale effectively as demand increases.

  * **User Experience:** Near Protocol prioritizes usability, offering a developer-friendly environment and intuitive tools for building decentralized applications (dApps). Developers can leverage familiar programming languages and development frameworks, streamlining the process of creating and deploying dApps on the platform. Accessibility: Near Protocol aims to make blockchain technology accessible to a wider audience by lowering barriers to entry. Users can interact with dApps seamlessly, without the need for complex setups or specialized knowledge.

  * **Economic Model:** Near Protocol's economic model is designed to incentivize participation and contribute to the long-term sustainability of the network. Validators are rewarded for securing the network through staking, while developers are incentivized to build and maintain dApps through various support programs and funding opportunities.

  * **Governance:** Near Protocol implements a decentralized governance model that empowers token holders to participate in decision-making processes. Through on-chain governance mechanisms, stakeholders can propose and vote on protocol upgrades, changes, and allocation of resources, ensuring a transparent and community-driven approach to platform governance.

## How to Buy NEAR Using Trust Wallet

You can easily buy crypto, including NEAR tokens using Trust Wallet, via our
trusted partners. Here’s how:

  * Select “Buy” from the home screen.

  * Search for “NEAR” and select it.

  * Choose the currency you want to use, then enter the amount of NEAR you want to purchase.

  * Select the third party provider & payment method you’d like to use.

  * Select the Buy button and complete the remaining steps.

![near-protocol-guide-1.gif](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fnear_protocol_guide_1_d72d7b3795.gif&w=3840&q=75)

## How to Deposit NEAR to Your Trust Wallet Address

In addition to buying NEAR directly using Trust Wallet, you can also deposit
NEAR from another wallet address or from a centralized exchange. Here’s how:

  * Select “Receive” from the home screen.

  * Search for “NEAR” and select it.

From here you have two options. You can either:

  1. Copy your deposit address and use that on your exchange account or other wallet to send funds to.

  2. Use the “Deposit from exchange” option to deposit crypto seamlessly from your exchange account.

### NEAR continues to evolve

Near Protocol has established itself as a cornerstone of the decentralized
ecosystem, with its innovative approach and robust infrastructure. This guide
has provided you with a comprehensive understanding of Near Protocol's native
token, NEAR, and how to manage it through Trust Wallet. We've explored the
pivotal role Near Protocol plays in shaping the future of decentralized
applications and digital finance.

Near Protocol, much like the broader decentralized finance (DeFi) ecosystem,
is continuously evolving. Stay informed, conduct thorough research, and remain
engaged with developments in the Near Protocol community. Get your secure Near
wallet now, and start exploring.

[![Download-Trust-Wallet-Button.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2FDownload_Trust_Wallet_Button_3b2b015a21.png&w=3840&q=75)](https://short.trustwallet.com/TW-
blog)

Join the Trust Wallet community on [Telegram](https://rebrand.ly/TW-Telegram-
Announcements) Follow us on [X (formerly Twitter)](https://rebrand.ly/TW-
Twitter-Blog) [Instagram](https://rebrand.ly/TW-Insta-Blog)
[Facebook](https://rebrand.ly/TW-FB-Blog) [Reddit](https://rebrand.ly/TW-
Reddit-Blog)

> **Note:** Any cited numbers, figures, or illustrations are reported at the
> time of writing, and are subject to change.

#### Simple and convenient to use, seamless to explore

[Download Trust Wallet](/download)

##### Stay Connected:

[](https://facebook.com/trustwalletapp)[](https://github.com/trustwallet)[](https://instagram.com/trustwallet)[](https://twitter.com/trustwallet)[](https://discord.gg/trustwallet)[](https://reddit.com/r/trustapp)[](https://t.me/trustwallet)

  * **Wallet**[Mobile App](/download)[Browser Extension](/browser-extension)
  * **Features**[Buy Crypto](/buy-crypto)[Swaps](/swap)[Staking](/staking)[NFTs](/nft)[Security](/security)[SWIFT: Smart Contract Wallet](/swift)
  * **Build**[Developer Docs](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/)[Wallet Core](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/wallet-core)[Submit dApp](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-dapps)[Get assets listed](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-assets)
  * **Support**[FAQ](https://community.trustwallet.com/c/helpcenter/8)[Community Forum](https://community.trustwallet.com/)[Contact Us](https://support.trustwallet.com/en/support/home)
  * **About**[About Us](/about-us)[Careers](/careers)[Press Kit](/press)[Terms of Service](/terms-of-service)[Privacy Policy](/privacy-policy)[Blog](/blog)
  * ![A-LIGN ISO 27701](/_next/static/media/image.8354ab2c.svg)![A-LIGN ISO 27001](/_next/static/media/image.7f0b3bc9.svg)

**Download Trust Wallet**

The most trusted & secure crypto wallet.

[Download for iOS](https://apps.apple.com/app/apple-
store/id1288339409?mt=8)[Download
Extension![Chrome](/_next/static/media/raw.7dd85797.svg)](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/trust-
wallet/egjidjbpglichdcondbcbdnbeeppgdph)[Download APK](/download/apk)[Download
for Android![App
Store](/_next/image?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Fimage.5ee64b2e.png&w=256&q=75)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.wallet.crypto.trustapp)

