[](https://www.binance.com/en)

[Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/crypto/buy)

[Markets](https://www.binance.com/en/markets/overview)

Trade

Basic

  * [SpotBuy and sell on the Spot market with advanced tools](https://www.binance.com/en/trade/BTC_USDT?type=spot)
  * [MarginIncrease your profits with leverage](https://www.binance.com/en/trade?type=cross)
  * [P2PBuy & sell cryptocurrencies using bank transfer and 800+ options](https://p2p.binance.com/en)
  * [Convert & Block TradeThe easiest way to trade at all sizes](https://www.binance.com/en/convert)

Advanced

  * [Trading BotsTrade smarter with our various automated strategies - easy, fast and reliable](https://www.binance.com/en/trading-bots)
  * [Copy TradingFollow the most popular traders](https://www.binance.com/en/copy-trading)
  * [APIsUnlimited opportunities with one key](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-api)

[Futures](https://www.binance.com/en/futures/home)

  * [USDⓈ-M FuturesContracts settled in USDT and USDC](https://www.binance.com/en/futures)
  * [COIN-M FuturesContracts settled in cryptocurrency](https://www.binance.com/en/delivery)
  * [OptionsUSDT Options with limited downside and affordable entry](https://www.binance.com/en/eoptions)

[Earn](https://www.binance.com/en/earn)

[Square](https://www.binance.com/en/square)

  * [SquareStay informed with everything crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/square)
  * [Academy (Learn & Earn)Earn crypto by learning about blockchain](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn)
  * [BlogExpand your knowledge and get the latest insights](https://www.binance.com/en/blog)
  * [ResearchInstitutional-grade analysis, in-depth insights, and more](https://www.binance.com/en/research)

More

  * [VIP & InstitutionalYour trusted digital asset platform for VIPs and institutions](https://www.binance.com/en/vip-institutional-services)
  * [Launchpad & LaunchpoolDiscover and gain access to new token launches](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)
  * [MegadropLock your BNB and complete Web3 quests for boosted airdrop rewards](https://www.binance.com/en/megadrop)
  * [Mining PoolMine more rewards by connecting to the pool](https://pool.binance.com/en)
  * [PaySend, receive and spend crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/payment)
  * [LoansGet an instant loan secured by crypto assets](https://www.binance.com/en/loan)

  * [NFTExplore NFTs from creators worldwide](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/home)
  * [Fan TokenDiscover an all-new fandom and unlock unlimited fan experiences](https://www.binance.com/en/fan-token)
  * [Web3 WalletMeet the next-generation Web3 wallet](https://www.binance.com/en/web3wallet)
  * [BNB ChainThe most popular blockchain to build your own dApp](https://www.bnbchain.org)
  * [CharityBlockchain empowers charity to be more transparent, efficient, and traceable](https://www.binance.charity)

[Log
In](https://accounts.binance.com/en/login?loginChannel=blog&return_to=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYmluYW5jZS5jb20vZW4vYmxvZy9tYXJrZXRzL2hvdy10by1lYXJuLWludGVyZXN0LS1nZXQtYWlyZHJvcHMtYXQtdGhlLXNhbWUtdGltZS0xODcxOTk3ODYyNDY3NjkyOTg3P2xhbmc9ZW4%3D)[Sign
Up](https://accounts.binance.com/en/register?registerChannel=blog&return_to=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYmluYW5jZS5jb20vZW4vYmxvZy9tYXJrZXRzL2hvdy10by1lYXJuLWludGVyZXN0LS1nZXQtYWlyZHJvcHMtYXQtdGhlLXNhbWUtdGltZS0xODcxOTk3ODYyNDY3NjkyOTg3P2xhbmc9ZW4%3D)

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/images/common/logo.png)

Scan to Download App IOS & Android

[More Download
Options](https://www.binance.com/en/download?utm_source=&utm_campaign=)

##### [Binance Blog](/blog)

# How to Earn Interest & Get Airdrops at the Same Time!

2024-03-15

## Main Takeaways

  * Launchpool allows users to earn new tokens by staking their existing crypto on Binance.

  * [_Binance Earn_](https://app.binance.com/en/earn/simple-earn?asset=BNB&_dp=L2Vhcm5zL3NpbXBsZUJ1eT9wcm9kdWN0PUJOQio5MCZkdXJhdGlvbj05MCZhc3NldD1CTkI=) ’s Locked Products and BNB Vault provide staking options for earning yield on your digital assets, thereby enhancing the potential of your crypto.

  * Automatically receive [_Launchpool_](https://launchpad.binance.com/en) airdrops by subscribing to [_BNB Locked Products_](https://app.binance.com/en/earn/simple-earn?asset=BNB&_dp=L2Vhcm5zL3NpbXBsZUJ1eT9wcm9kdWN0PUJOQio5MCZkdXJhdGlvbj05MCZhc3NldD1CTkI=) or the [_BNB Vault_](https://app.binance.com/en/earn/simple-earn?asset=BNB&_dp=L2Vhcm5zL3NpbXBsZUJ1eT9wcm9kdWN0PUJOQio5MCZkdXJhdGlvbj05MCZhc3NldD1CTkI=) — it’s an effortless way to double your rewards!

  * Analysis of data over a recent five-month period shows that use of BNB Locked Products **and** Launchpool together yielded up to 14.8% more BNB than just holding.

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20240315/cec38446-34c9-416b-9b6c-a0bc8f905a54)

Welcome to our latest guide on Binance features designed to boost your crypto
earnings. This blog introduces
[_Launchpool_](https://launchpad.binance.com/en) , Binance Earn’s [_Locked
Products_](https://www.binance.com/en/support/faq/get-started-with-binance-
simple-earn-locked-products-af607a50de614350ae57be3e6f616699) , and the [_BNB
Vault_](https://www.binance.com/en/support/faq/how-to-use-bnb-
vault-8da1d801a90745fcb9ebdbf0143df29e) , before highlighting a key update:

  * **Subscribing to BNB Locked Products or the BNB Vault automatically qualifies you for Launchpool airdrops.  **

This seamless integration not only simplifies how you earn, but also increases
your potential rewards. We’ll cover the basics of how these offerings work,
their benefits, and how you can use them to enhance your crypto strategy (and
potentially even improve your Binance VIP status). Let’s explore how to unlock
the earning potential of your portfolio with Binance.

## Launchpool

Launchpool offers a way for users to receive token airdrops by staking their
existing crypto on Binance. Unlike token sales,
[_Launchpool_](https://launchpad.binance.com/en) allows users to ‘farm’ new
tokens. Users earn rather than purchase new tokens, aligning with the DeFi
movement’s principles while ensuring the security and convenience associated
with Binance.

Participating in Launchpool presents several advantages:

**Simplicity:** Users can start earning new tokens by depositing their assets
into a pool, with rewards proportional to the staked amount and duration.

**Flexibility:** Launchpool offers the freedom to harvest rewards at any time
and unstake with ease, accommodating varying user preferences and strategies.

**Safety:** Leveraging Binance’s trusted platform, users enjoy a safe
environment for token launches, mitigating the risks often associated with new
projects.

**Early Access:** Users gain early exposure to innovative projects, benefiting
from the potential growth of these tokens before they hit the broader market.

Through Launchpool, Binance democratizes access to new token rewards, marrying
the excitement of DeFi with our hallmark security and user-centric approach.

## Binance Earn’s BNB Locked Products & BNB Vault

Elsewhere in the Binance ecosystem, the Earn section presents two standout
features designed to amplify your BNB earnings: [_Locked
Products_](https://app.binance.com/en/earn/simple-
earn?asset=BNB&_dp=L2Vhcm5zL3NpbXBsZUJ1eT9wcm9kdWN0PUJOQio5MCZkdXJhdGlvbj05MCZhc3NldD1CTkI=)
and the [_BNB Vault_](https://app.binance.com/en/earn/simple-
earn?asset=BNB&_dp=L2Vhcm5zL3NpbXBsZUJ1eT9wcm9kdWN0PUJOQio5MCZkdXJhdGlvbj05MCZhc3NldD1CTkI=).
These tools are tailored for users seeking to maximize the potential of their
digital assets through staking, offering a blend of rewards, flexibility, and
accessibility.

**BNB Locked Products** provide an avenue for users to commit their BNB for
fixed terms, receiving a set yield in return. This comes with the advantage of
knowing exactly what your earnings will be. Enjoy daily rewards with up to
3.5% APR on 30 to 120-Day Locked Products. Despite the fixed-term nature of
these products, users can opt to withdraw their assets before the term ends if
needed (albeit forfeiting their interest).

**The BNB Vault** is a one-click solution to earning on your BNB,
consolidating rewards from various sources within the Binance ecosystem into a
single earning tool. Rewards stem from the ability to participate in different
earning opportunities at the same time, ensuring that your BNB holdings are
working hard. Enjoy the flexibility to subscribe and redeem anytime, coupled
with Real-Time APR and, if applicable, Bonus Tiered APR.

_*Note: BNB Vault and BNB Locked Products APRs are subject to change. BNB
Vault assets pledged as collateral for Binance Loans (Flexible Rate) are not
eligible for Launchpool rewards. Participation in Launchpool is subject to
eligibility based on the user's country or region of residence._

##  It’s Time to Double Your Rewards: Here’s How

Did you know that if you subscribe to BNB Locked Products, or the BNB vault,
you will automatically receive [_Launchpool
airdrops_](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)?

Up until the end of 2023, users engaged in our [_BNB Locked Products or BNB
Vault_](https://launchpad.binance.com/en) for returns had to separately
allocate BNB to participate in Launchpool. This meant having to choose between
stable earnings and the opportunity to receive new tokens.

Since then, however, we’ve updated the ecosystem so that users with BNB Locked
Products or BNB Vault positions are now eligible for Launchpool rewards too.
Users no longer need to choose between the two or perform additional steps.

This means that the same locked assets now automatically qualify for
Launchpool rewards without necessitating any additional action from the user.
Essentially, assets that are already working to generate a steady return now
also farm new tokens from the latest projects featured on Launchpool.

Enhancing user convenience, we’ve also now made it possible to subscribe to
BNB Locked Products directly from the Launchpool page.

## Understanding Your Earning Potential: A Closer Look at the Data

To offer you a clearer picture of how participating in these different
offerings can impact your earnings, we’ve done a deep dive into the data from
different strategies over a five-month period (from Oct 11, 2023 to Mar 13,
2024).

We looked at five scenarios, each illustrating a different approach to
managing BNB holdings and participating in Launchpool, with and without
engaging in Binance Earn’s BNB Locked Products. While past performance is
**never** indicative of future results, these insights can hopefully help you
make more informed decisions.

Here’s a breakdown of these scenarios and their outcomes:

  * **Scenario 1:** The user only holds BNB without participating in Launchpools or Locked Products.

  * **Scenario 2:** The user subscribes to all Launchpools and sells their tokens immediately at the Day 1 mid-price.

  * **Scenario 3:** The user subscribes to all Launchpools and keeps all their tokens until the snapshot date for this analysis (on Mar 13, 2024).

  * **Scenario 4:** The user subscribes to 3.5% APR Locked Products and so automatically qualifies for all Launchpools, too — selling the tokens immediately at the Day 1 mid-price.

  * **Scenario 5:** The user subscribes to 3.5% APR Locked Products and so automatically qualifies for all Launchpools, too —keeping all the tokens until the snapshot date for this analysis (on Mar 13, 2024).

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20240315/a08b18b4-332c-48d6-bb08-077d77d42ae7)

### Key Takeaways from the Data

Exploring the performance data — as per the period Oct 11, 2023 to Mar 13,
2024 — let’s uncover the impact of engaging with Binance’s different earning
opportunities. Here are the key insights on returns in BNB and USD.

**1\. Returns in BNB.  **

The highest BNB return was delivered by Scenario 5 — where the user subscribed
to 3.5% APR BNB Locked Products and thereby automatically also participated in
all Launchpools (keeping all their tokens until the snapshot date of Mar 13,
2024).

This scenario delivered a 14.8% increase in BNB holdings, based on the period
analyzed, demonstrating the compounded benefit of participating in Launchpools
while also taking advantage of BNB Locked Products over this five-month-long
period.

Note that, by comparison, Scenario 1 shows no increase in BNB holdings
whatsoever, emphasizing the value of engaging with the earning opportunities
available on Binance.

**2\. Returns in USD.**

Scenario 5 also leads here with a 221.5% return in USD, showcasing the
financial benefits of a combined strategy of holding and earning through
Binance during the five-month period studied here (Oct 11, 2023 to Mar 13,
2024).

Note that even in Scenario 1, where users only held BNB, there is an 180%
return in USD, highlighting the recent price appreciation of BNB.

### Analyzing the Performance

Our analysis of these scenarios shows that the dual approach of earning new
tokens through Launchpool while simultaneously growing your BNB through Locked
Products offered the most substantial returns during the period Oct 11, 2023
to Mar 13, 2024.

These findings underscore the importance of a strategic approach to managing
your portfolio. By engaging with the earning opportunities on offer, you can
optimize your strategy, not just for potential returns in BNB, but also for
potential gains in USD value.

We encourage you to consider your own financial goals and risk tolerance when
exploring these opportunities. And, as always, do your own research.

_**Disclaimer**_ _: The examples provided herein are based on data between
specified dates. The specified dates yielded a period of increased value for
BNB, however there are periods where the value of BNB may chop sideways, or
even decrease dramatically. Please note that past performance should not be
considered a guarantee of future results and you acknowledge that BNB price is
volatile. Market conditions may be subject to change.   Exercise prudence and
avoid basing decisions solely on this information, always do your own
research._

## Never Miss a Launchpool

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20240315/85c4636c-5219-4f10-9f94-030534cf7655)

By connecting the dots between
[_Launchpool_](https://launchpad.binance.com/en) and Earn’s [_BNB Locked
Products_](https://app.binance.com/en/earn/simple-
earn?asset=BNB&_dp=L2Vhcm5zL3NpbXBsZUJ1eT9wcm9kdWN0PUJOQio5MCZkdXJhdGlvbj05MCZhc3NldD1CTkI=)
and [_BNB Vault_](https://app.binance.com/en/earn/simple-
earn?asset=BNB&_dp=L2Vhcm5zL3NpbXBsZUJ1eT9wcm9kdWN0PUJOQio5MCZkdXJhdGlvbj05MCZhc3NldD1CTkI=)
, we’ve created a seamless, automated system that effortlessly increases your
earning potential. When users subscribe to BNB Locked Products or deposit
their BNB into the BNB Vault, they are automatically enrolled to receive
rewards from Launchpool’s new token offerings.

This integration means that there’s no need for manual transfer or enrollment
into Launchpool; the process is entirely automated, ensuring users
consistently participate in every new Launchpool opportunity without
additional effort.

## Unlocking VIP Benefits with Strategic BNB Holdings

Holding BNB is a key requirement for achieving VIP status, which unlocks a
suite of benefits aimed at enhancing trading efficiency and reducing costs,
among other perks.

The beauty of staking your BNB in Locked Products or the BNB Vault is that it
then serves multiple purposes: you earn APR from these holdings and
simultaneously qualify for Launchpool rewards, all while your staked BNB
counts towards meeting the VIP BNB holding requirements.

This opens the door to enhanced benefits without requiring any additional
steps.

## UI Enhancements for a Better Experience

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20240315/5a7261a5-7b48-4547-bf30-a4fa3bc224c5)

As part of these updates, we’ve implemented user interface (UI) enhancements
to improve accessibility and navigation, particularly for new users engaging
with Launchpool, Earn’s BNB Locked Products, and the BNB Vault.

Of particular note is the fact that you can now subscribe to BNB Locked
Products from within [_the Launchpool page_](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)
— essentially an entrance that easily and quickly links you to the [_BNB
Locked Products subscription page_](https://app.binance.com/en/earn/simple-
earn?asset=BNB&_dp=L2Vhcm5zL3NpbXBsZUJ1eT9wcm9kdWN0PUJOQio5MCZkdXJhdGlvbj05MCZhc3NldD1CTkI=)
(as shown in the image above).

These updates also include better visibility of eligible Earn holdings within
the Launchpool interface, allowing users to easily identify which investments
qualify for Launchpool rewards. This feature simplifies tracking potential
earnings and enhances the understanding of how assets are utilized within the
platform.

Additionally, we’ve added tooltips and pop-ups across the platform, focusing
on Launchpool and Earn products. These tools offer straightforward
explanations of features, terms, and reward calculations, aiming to educate
users about the benefits of various options, such as staking in BNB Locked
Products.

These UI improvements are part of our effort to make complex features more
user-friendly and to support more inclusive participation in earning
opportunities.

## Seamlessly Enhance Your Earnings with Binance

By enabling automatic qualification for Launchpool airdrops upon subscription
to [_BNB Locked Products_](https://app.binance.com/en/earn/simple-
earn?asset=BNB&_dp=L2Vhcm5zL3NpbXBsZUJ1eT9wcm9kdWN0PUJOQio5MCZkdXJhdGlvbj05MCZhc3NldD1CTkI=)
, or the [_BNB Vault_](https://app.binance.com/en/earn/simple-
earn?asset=BNB&_dp=L2Vhcm5zL3NpbXBsZUJ1eT9wcm9kdWN0PUJOQio5MCZkdXJhdGlvbj05MCZhc3NldD1CTkI=)
, we’ve taken another step forward in removing the complexity of earning
rewards on Binance. Additionally, remember that these holdings also contribute
towards VIP status levels, should that be applicable to you.

These enhancements underscore our commitment to providing a seamless and
rewarding platform for our users. By integrating these features, we’re not
only streamline the process of maximizing earnings, but also opening new
avenues for users to leverage their BNB assets effectively within the Binance
ecosystem.

We encourage you to explore these updated features, and take full advantage of
the opportunities they present to boost your earnings. Whether you’re looking
to automatically [_participate in
Launchpool_](https://launchpad.binance.com/en) , achieve a higher VIP level,
or simply maximize your APR, Binance’s enhanced offerings are designed to
support your crypto journey. Dive into these features today and unlock the
potential of your portfolio.

## Further Reading

  * [ _Binance Extends Launchpool Rewards to Users with BNB Locked Products Positions_](https://www.binance.com/en/support/announcement/binance-extends-launchpool-rewards-to-users-with-bnb-locked-products-positions-2f28eba0d19d46edbf47df0b87ca3f13)

  * [ _How to Get Started with Binance Launchpool_](https://www.binance.com/en/support/faq/how-to-get-started-with-binance-launchpool-94ed108ce89d44ab8602aa3c476dfb04)

  * [ _Get Started with Binance Simple Earn Locked Products_](https://www.binance.com/en/support/faq/get-started-with-binance-simple-earn-locked-products-af607a50de614350ae57be3e6f616699)

* * *

 _**Disclaimer**_ _: Digital asset prices can be volatile. The value of your
investment may go down or up and you may not get back the amount invested. You
are solely responsible for your investment decisions and Binance is not liable
for any losses you may incur. APR is an estimate of rewards you will earn in
cryptocurrency over the selected timeframe. It does not display the actual or
predicted returns/yield in any fiat currency. APR is adjusted daily and the
estimated rewards may differ from the actual rewards generated. Not financial
advice. For more information, see our Terms of Use and Risk Warning._

194,990,965 users chose us. Find out why today.

Register Now

Like this post

###### Share Post

Article Outlines

How to Earn Interest & Get Airdrops at the Same Time!

Main Takeaways

Launchpool

Binance Earn’s BNB Locked Products & BNB Vault

It’s Time to Double Your Rewards: Here’s How

Understanding Your Earning Potential: A Closer Look at the Data

Never Miss a Launchpool

Unlocking VIP Benefits with Strategic BNB Holdings

UI Enhancements for a Better Experience

Seamlessly Enhance Your Earnings with Binance

Further Reading

194,990,965 users chose us. Find out why today.

Register Now

### Community

[](https://discord.gg/jE4wt8g2H2)[](https://www.binance.com/en/community)[](https://www.tiktok.com/@binance?lang=en)[](https://www.facebook.com/binance)[](https://twitter.com/binance)[](https://www.reddit.com/r/binance)[](https://www.instagram.com/Binance/)[](https://coinmarketcap.com/exchanges/binance/)[](https://www.youtube.com/binanceyoutube)[](https://www.binance.com/en/community)

English

English

العربية

العربية (البحرين)

български

Čeština

Dansk

Deutsch (Schweiz)

Ελληνικά

English (UAE)

English (Australia)

English (Bahrain)

English (India)

English (Japan)

English (Kazakhstan)

English (Nigeria)

English (New Zealand)

English (South Africa)

Español (España)

Español (Argentina)

Español (Latinoamérica)

Español (México)

Français

Français (Afrique)

magyar nyelv

Bahasa Indonesia

Italiano

日本語

Қазақша (Қазақстан)

Қазақша

ລາວ

latviešu valoda

Polski

Português

Português (Brasil)

Română

Русский

Русский (Казахстан)

Русский (Украина)

සිංහල

Slovenčina

Slovenščina

Svenska

Türkçe

Українська

Tiếng Việt

简体中文

繁體中文

USD-$

USD-$

AED-د.إ

ARS-ARS$

AUD-A$

BDT-৳

BGN-лв

BHD-.د.ب

BOB-$b

BRL-R$

CAD-C$

CHF-CHF

CNY-¥

COP-COL$

CZK-Kč

DKK-KR

EGP-E£

EUR-€

GBP-£

HKD-HKD

HRK-kn

HUF-Ft

IDR-Rp

INR-₹

JPY-¥

KES-KSh

KWD-ك.د

KZT-₸

MAD-م.د.

MNT-₮

MXN-Mex$

NZD-NZ$

OMR-ر.ع.

PEN-S/.

PHP-₱

PKR-₨

PLN-zł

QAR-ر.ق

RON-lei

RUB-₽

SAR-ر.س

SEK-kr

THB-฿

TRY-₺

TWD-NT$

UAH-₴

UGX-USh

VES-Bs

VND-₫

ZAR-R

Theme

English

USD

Theme

### About Us

  * [About](https://www.binance.com/en/about)
  * [Careers](https://www.binance.com/en/careers)
  * [Announcements](https://www.binance.com/en/support/announcement)
  * [News](https://www.binance.com/en/square/news/all)
  * [Press](https://www.binance.com/en/press)
  * [Legal](https://www.binance.com/en/legal/home)
  * [Terms](https://www.binance.com/en/terms)
  * [Privacy](https://www.binance.com/en/about-legal/privacy-portal)
  * [Building Trust](https://www.binance.com/en/land/building_trust)
  * [Blog](https://www.binance.com/en/blog)
  * [Community](https://www.binance.com/en/community)
  * [Sitemap](https://www.binance.com/en/country-region-selector)
  * [Risk Warning](https://www.binance.com/en/risk-warning)
  * [Notices](https://www.binance.com/en/support/list/notices)
  * [Downloads](https://www.binance.com/en/download)
  * [Desktop Application](https://www.binance.com/en/desktop-download)

### Products

  * [Exchange](https://www.binance.com/en/trade)
  * [Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/buy-sell-crypto)
  * [Leveraged Tokens](https://www.binance.com/en/leveraged-tokens/tokens/allTokens)
  * [TradingView](https://www.binance.com/en/land/tradingview)
  * [Pay](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/payment)
  * [Academy](https://academy.binance.com/en)
  * [Live](https://www.binance.com/en/live)
  * [Tax](https://www.binance.com/en/tax)
  * [Gift Card](https://www.binance.com/en/gift-card)
  * [Launchpad & Launchpool](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)
  * [Auto-Invest](https://www.binance.com/en/auto-invest)
  * [ETH Staking](https://www.binance.com/en/eth2)
  * [NFT](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/home)
  * [BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/bnb)
  * [BABT](https://www.binance.com/en/BABT?source=footer)
  * [Research](https://www.binance.com/en/research)
  * [Charity](https://www.binance.charity)

### Business

  * [P2P Merchant Application](https://c2c.binance.com/en/merchantApplication)
  * [P2Pro Merchant Application](https://p2p.binance.com/en/p2pro)
  * [Listing Application](https://www.binance.com/en/my/coin-apply)
  * [Institutional & VIP Services](https://www.binance.com/en/vip-institutional-services)
  * [Labs](https://labs.binance.com/)

### Learn

  * [Learn & Earn](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn)
  * [Browse Crypto Prices](https://www.binance.com/en/price)
  * [Bitcoin Price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/bitcoin)
  * [Ethereum Price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/ethereum)
  * [Browse Crypto Price Predictions](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction)
  * [Bitcoin Price Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction/bitcoin)
  * [Ethereum Price Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction/ethereum)
  * [Buy Bitcoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bitcoin)
  * [Buy BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bnb)
  * [Buy Ripple](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/xrp)
  * [Buy Dogecoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/dogecoin)
  * [Buy Ethereum](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/ethereum)
  * [Buy Tradable Altcoins](https://www.binance.com/en/altcoins/tradable)

### Service

  * [Affiliate](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/affiliate)
  * [Referral](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/referral?utm_source=Lite_web_footer)
  * [OTC Trading](https://www.binance.com/en/otc)
  * [Historical Market Data](https://www.binance.com/en/landing/data)
  * [Proof of Reserves](https://www.binance.com/en/proof-of-reserves)

### Support

  * [24/7 Chat Support](https://www.binance.com/en/chat?sourceEntry=4)
  * [Support Center](https://www.binance.com/en/support)
  * [Product Feedback & Suggestions](https://www.binance.com/en/my/user-support/feedback/entry)
  * [Fees](https://www.binance.com/en/fee/schedule)
  * [APIs](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-api)
  * [Binance Verify](https://www.binance.com/en/official-verification)
  * [Trading Rules](https://www.binance.com/en/trade-rule)
  * [Binance Airdrop Portal](https://www.binance.com/en/airdrop)
  * [Law Enforcement Requests](https://www.binance.com/en/support/law-enforcement)

Binance© 2024Cookie Preferences

