[](https://www.binance.com/en)

[Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/crypto/buy)

[Markets](https://www.binance.com/en/markets/overview)

Trade

Basic

  * [SpotBuy and sell on the Spot market with advanced tools](https://www.binance.com/en/trade/BTC_USDT?type=spot)
  * [MarginIncrease your profits with leverage](https://www.binance.com/en/trade?type=cross)
  * [P2PBuy & sell cryptocurrencies using bank transfer and 800+ options](https://p2p.binance.com/en)
  * [Convert & Block TradeThe easiest way to trade at all sizes](https://www.binance.com/en/convert)

Advanced

  * [Trading BotsTrade smarter with our various automated strategies - easy, fast and reliable](https://www.binance.com/en/trading-bots)
  * [Copy TradingFollow the most popular traders](https://www.binance.com/en/copy-trading)
  * [APIsUnlimited opportunities with one key](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-api)

[Futures](https://www.binance.com/en/futures/home)

  * [USDⓈ-M FuturesContracts settled in USDT and USDC](https://www.binance.com/en/futures)
  * [COIN-M FuturesContracts settled in cryptocurrency](https://www.binance.com/en/delivery)
  * [OptionsUSDT Options with limited downside and affordable entry](https://www.binance.com/en/eoptions)

[Earn](https://www.binance.com/en/earn)

[Square](https://www.binance.com/en/square)

  * [SquareStay informed with everything crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/square)
  * [Academy (Learn & Earn)Earn crypto by learning about blockchain](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn)
  * [BlogExpand your knowledge and get the latest insights](https://www.binance.com/en/blog)
  * [ResearchInstitutional-grade analysis, in-depth insights, and more](https://www.binance.com/en/research)

More

  * [VIP & InstitutionalYour trusted digital asset platform for VIPs and institutions](https://www.binance.com/en/vip-institutional-services)
  * [Launchpad & LaunchpoolDiscover and gain access to new token launches](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)
  * [MegadropLock your BNB and complete Web3 quests for boosted airdrop rewards](https://www.binance.com/en/megadrop)
  * [Mining PoolMine more rewards by connecting to the pool](https://pool.binance.com/en)
  * [PaySend, receive and spend crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/payment)
  * [LoansGet an instant loan secured by crypto assets](https://www.binance.com/en/loan)

  * [NFTExplore NFTs from creators worldwide](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/home)
  * [Fan TokenDiscover an all-new fandom and unlock unlimited fan experiences](https://www.binance.com/en/fan-token)
  * [Web3 WalletMeet the next-generation Web3 wallet](https://www.binance.com/en/web3wallet)
  * [BNB ChainThe most popular blockchain to build your own dApp](https://www.bnbchain.org)
  * [CharityBlockchain empowers charity to be more transparent, efficient, and traceable](https://www.binance.charity)

[Log
In](https://accounts.binance.com/en/login?loginChannel=blog&return_to=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYmluYW5jZS5jb20vZW4vYmxvZy9sYXVuY2hwYWQvYmluYW5jZS1sYXVuY2hwYWQtbmV3LXByb2plY3RzLWNvbWluZy1zb29uLTI4NzUxMjY3MTI2ODM5Mjk2MD9sYW5nPWVu)[Sign
Up](https://accounts.binance.com/en/register?registerChannel=blog&return_to=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYmluYW5jZS5jb20vZW4vYmxvZy9sYXVuY2hwYWQvYmluYW5jZS1sYXVuY2hwYWQtbmV3LXByb2plY3RzLWNvbWluZy1zb29uLTI4NzUxMjY3MTI2ODM5Mjk2MD9sYW5nPWVu)

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/images/common/logo.png)

Scan to Download App IOS & Android

[More Download
Options](https://www.binance.com/en/download?utm_source=&utm_campaign=)

##### [Binance Blog](/blog)

# Binance Launchpad: New Projects Coming Soon

2019-01-03

![](https://ex.bnbstatic.com/images/20190103/c7ed2db4-9e6e-4ce7-8d07-74869edc25b1.png)

[Binance Launchpad](https://launchpad.binance.com), the exclusive token launch
platform of [Binance](https://www.binance.com), is planning to infer users to
about one new token launch every month in 2019, starting with
[BitTorrent](https://www.bittorrent.com/btt/?utm_source=launchpad_binance) and
[Fetch.AI](https://fetch.ai/).

The Binance Launchpad token launch platform helps blockchain projects raise
funds and increase their reach across the crypto ecosystem. We do this by
offering a project’s tokens to up to more than 10 million Binance users*. With
this platform, we grant our users the chance to be part of potentially game-
changing projects.

Binance Launchpad is more than a platform for offering tokens. It’s also a
full advisory service for projects, which will benefit from our insights and
experience. We ensure that the projects can focus their efforts on where it
matters: developing their product and increasing adoption.

As with any technology-related field, there are always worthwhile ideas and
projects within the blockchain ecosystem that await to be discovered and
nurtured. Binance has a track record of supporting these projects either
through Launchpad, or our investment arm [Binance
Labs](https://labs.binance.com), which now directly supports 21 startups, or
Binance itself, as in the case of [Trust Wallet](https://www.trustwallet.com)
and [TravelbyBit](https://www.travelbybit.com).

BitTorrent and Fetch.AI: Coming Soon to Binance Launchpad

[BitTorrent](https://www.bittorrent.com/btt/?utm_source=launchpad_binance) is
a [TRON](https://tron.network/)-affiliated blockchain project for peer-to-peer
file sharing. BitTorrent’s protocol is empowering a new generation of content
creators with the tools to distribute their content directly to others on the
web. BitTorrent’s new BTT token will allow BitTorrent peers to incentivize
activities that lead to better file sharing, like using faster networks and
enabling longer seeding periods. This integration of ”BitTorrent peer-to-peer
network and the [TRON](https://info.binance.com/en/currencies/tronix)
blockchain network via a set of BitTorrent protocol extensions, a custom
token, and an in-client token economy” aims to benefit each of their 100
million monthly active users (MAU) across 138 countries.

Meanwhile, [Fetch.AI](https://fetch.ai/), an [Outlier
Ventures](https://outlierventures.io/) project, is an artificial intelligence-
driven, decentralized blockchain network, wherein the economic activity is
performed by Autonomous Economic Agents (AEAs) -- digital entities that can
transact without needing human intervention and can represent themselves,
devices, services, or individuals. The project aims to provide use cases for
hospitality, transportation, energy, and supply chain sectors.

We will soon unveil more details about the timing and procedures for each
offering on Binance Launchpad.

How Binance Launchpad Works for Projects

Before a project goes into the Binance Launchpad platform, it goes through a
rigorous review process to determine if it passes through Binance’s standards.
Some of the factors we look for in a project include:

\- Relatively mature-stage project development

\- Readiness for large-scale adoption

\- A strong and committed team

\- Potential to benefit the growth and development of the wider crypto
ecosystem

Once a project makes it through this selection process, it then gets featured
on Binance Launchpad
([https://launchpad.binance.com](https://launchpad.binance.com)), in full view
of Binance users who may be interested in participating in that project’s
token offering.

![](https://ex.bnbstatic.com/images/20190103/15545177-156a-419d-a32e-4b02a0bbf701.png)

How Binance Launchpad Works for Users

Here’s a step-by-step guide on how to participate in token offerings by
projects on Binance Launchpad. Here’s where we note that we also have certain
requirements and terms for contributing to any token offering.

\- Complete your Binance account verification. This is to ensure that token
sales are being done in compliance with regulatory requirements in users’
jurisdictions.

\- Go to the Binance Launchpad website to see the projects we have lined up.

\- Click the project page and study the details. As with any activity of this
nature, do your own research.

\- Once you’ve decided to take part in the token sale, click the “Buy Now”
button. Depending on the terms of the token sale, you can use cryptos such as
[Binance Coin](https://info.binance.com/en/currencies/binance-coin),
[Bitcoin](https://info.binance.com/en/currencies/bitcoin),
[Ethereum](https://info.binance.com/en/currencies/ethereum), or others.

NOTE: Each user can contribute up to a certain maximum amount in each token
sale round -- an amount that will vary from project to project -- to give more
users a chance to participate in each sale. The rates of exchange for the
token sale will be locked in usually the day prior or on the day of each token
sale, and locked-in rates for each session will be announced promptly.

\- Be fast. The token sales will work in a “first-come, first-served” format,
whereby the first users to click the “Buy Now” button will be able to buy a
certain amount of each project’s tokens. The sale will continue until the
total token amount displayed on Binance Launchpad runs out, at which point
users will not be able to contribute anymore.

\- Get your tokens soon. After the token sale event, users will be credited
with the respective tokens to their Binance account.

NOTE: Each project will go through the rigorous token listing review process,
after which users will be able to either directly trade the token (if listed)
or withdraw the tokens to their personal wallet once the tokens are unlocked.

What Binance Launchpad Means to the Blockchain Ecosystem

At Binance, we believe in the long-term potential of blockchain technology and
recognize our duty of moving the whole ecosystem forward, encouraging the next
impactful projects wherever they may emerge. Binance Launchpad is a
significant part of our holistic support when it comes to supporting
blockchain startups.

Let’s say you have a promising idea for a blockchain-related app or service.
You will have various ways to raise capital, but first, you’ll have to work
hard to craft a product that has a compelling use case. Once that part’s
almost done, you’ll face numerous questions regarding what’s the optimal way
to receive support.

With the Binance ecosystem, you have a multitude of options. Do you have a
product that will be attractive to a community of crypto holders and will work
better through a crowdfunding effort than other methods? Then Binance
Launchpad will be there for your project.

For instance, in December 2017,
[BREAD](https://info.binance.com/en/currencies/bread), a financial services
platform that aims to build the world's largest decentralized bank, was able
to sell out US$6 million worth of its tokens within 216 seconds. In the same
month, [GIFTO](https://info.binance.com/en/currencies/gifto) the token of
major live streaming app Uplive, sold out US$3.4 million worth of tokens in 98
seconds.

We look forward to the projects that will get featured on Binance Launchpad in
the coming months. For more details about the platform, upcoming token
launches and how each offering will be conducted, head to
[https://launchpad.binance.com](https://launchpad.binance.com) now.

195,046,422 users chose us. Find out why today.

Register Now

Like this post

###### Share Post

195,046,422 users chose us. Find out why today.

Register Now

### Community

[](https://discord.gg/jE4wt8g2H2)[](https://www.binance.com/en/community)[](https://www.tiktok.com/@binance?lang=en)[](https://www.facebook.com/binance)[](https://twitter.com/binance)[](https://www.reddit.com/r/binance)[](https://www.instagram.com/Binance/)[](https://coinmarketcap.com/exchanges/binance/)[](https://www.youtube.com/binanceyoutube)[](https://www.binance.com/en/community)

English

English

العربية

العربية (البحرين)

български

Čeština

Dansk

Deutsch (Schweiz)

Ελληνικά

English (UAE)

English (Australia)

English (Bahrain)

English (India)

English (Japan)

English (Kazakhstan)

English (Nigeria)

English (New Zealand)

English (South Africa)

Español (España)

Español (Argentina)

Español (Latinoamérica)

Español (México)

Français

Français (Afrique)

magyar nyelv

Bahasa Indonesia

Italiano

日本語

Қазақша (Қазақстан)

Қазақша

ລາວ

latviešu valoda

Polski

Português

Português (Brasil)

Română

Русский

Русский (Казахстан)

Русский (Украина)

සිංහල

Slovenčina

Slovenščina

Svenska

Türkçe

Українська

Tiếng Việt

简体中文

繁體中文

Theme

English

Theme

### About Us

  * [About](https://www.binance.com/en/about)
  * [Careers](https://www.binance.com/en/careers)
  * [Announcements](https://www.binance.com/en/support/announcement)
  * [News](https://www.binance.com/en/square/news/all)
  * [Press](https://www.binance.com/en/press)
  * [Legal](https://www.binance.com/en/legal/home)
  * [Terms](https://www.binance.com/en/terms)
  * [Privacy](https://www.binance.com/en/about-legal/privacy-portal)
  * [Building Trust](https://www.binance.com/en/land/building_trust)
  * [Blog](https://www.binance.com/en/blog)
  * [Community](https://www.binance.com/en/community)
  * [Sitemap](https://www.binance.com/en/country-region-selector)
  * [Risk Warning](https://www.binance.com/en/risk-warning)
  * [Notices](https://www.binance.com/en/support/list/notices)
  * [Downloads](https://www.binance.com/en/download)
  * [Desktop Application](https://www.binance.com/en/desktop-download)

### Products

  * [Exchange](https://www.binance.com/en/trade)
  * [Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/buy-sell-crypto)
  * [Leveraged Tokens](https://www.binance.com/en/leveraged-tokens/tokens/allTokens)
  * [TradingView](https://www.binance.com/en/land/tradingview)
  * [Pay](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/payment)
  * [Academy](https://academy.binance.com/en)
  * [Live](https://www.binance.com/en/live)
  * [Tax](https://www.binance.com/en/tax)
  * [Gift Card](https://www.binance.com/en/gift-card)
  * [Launchpad & Launchpool](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)
  * [Auto-Invest](https://www.binance.com/en/auto-invest)
  * [ETH Staking](https://www.binance.com/en/eth2)
  * [NFT](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/home)
  * [BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/bnb)
  * [BABT](https://www.binance.com/en/BABT?source=footer)
  * [Research](https://www.binance.com/en/research)
  * [Charity](https://www.binance.charity)

### Business

  * [P2P Merchant Application](https://c2c.binance.com/en/merchantApplication)
  * [P2Pro Merchant Application](https://p2p.binance.com/en/p2pro)
  * [Listing Application](https://www.binance.com/en/my/coin-apply)
  * [Institutional & VIP Services](https://www.binance.com/en/vip-institutional-services)
  * [Labs](https://labs.binance.com/)

### Learn

  * [Learn & Earn](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn)
  * [Browse Crypto Prices](https://www.binance.com/en/price)
  * [Bitcoin Price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/bitcoin)
  * [Ethereum Price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/ethereum)
  * [Browse Crypto Price Predictions](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction)
  * [Bitcoin Price Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction/bitcoin)
  * [Ethereum Price Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction/ethereum)
  * [Buy Bitcoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bitcoin)
  * [Buy BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bnb)
  * [Buy Ripple](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/xrp)
  * [Buy Dogecoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/dogecoin)
  * [Buy Ethereum](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/ethereum)
  * [Buy Tradable Altcoins](https://www.binance.com/en/altcoins/tradable)

### Service

  * [Affiliate](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/affiliate)
  * [Referral](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/referral?utm_source=Lite_web_footer)
  * [OTC Trading](https://www.binance.com/en/otc)
  * [Historical Market Data](https://www.binance.com/en/landing/data)
  * [Proof of Reserves](https://www.binance.com/en/proof-of-reserves)

### Support

  * [24/7 Chat Support](https://www.binance.com/en/chat?sourceEntry=4)
  * [Support Center](https://www.binance.com/en/support)
  * [Product Feedback & Suggestions](https://www.binance.com/en/my/user-support/feedback/entry)
  * [Fees](https://www.binance.com/en/fee/schedule)
  * [APIs](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-api)
  * [Binance Verify](https://www.binance.com/en/official-verification)
  * [Trading Rules](https://www.binance.com/en/trade-rule)
  * [Binance Airdrop Portal](https://www.binance.com/en/airdrop)
  * [Law Enforcement Requests](https://www.binance.com/en/support/law-enforcement)

Binance© 2024Cookie Preferences

