[![Helius logo](https://assets-global.website-
files.com/641a8c4cac3aee8bd266fd58/65b7c8d5aaab715b13605ece_Helius-
Orange.svg)](/)

Products

[ RPC Infrastructure Fuel your Solana project with Solana's Leading RPC Nodes
](/solana-rpc-nodes)[ Solana APIs Easy-to-use APIs to take your apps to the
next level in seconds ](/solana-apis)

[ Webhooks & WebSockets Listen to on-chain events and stream them to your
applications ](/solana-webhooks-websockets)

Solutions

[ Wallets Everything you've ever needed to power up your wallet infrastructure
](/use-cases/wallets)[ DeFi Unparalleled performance and reliability for DeFi
](/use-cases/defi)[ Payments Over 90% of all payments activity run through
Helius rails, for a reason. ](/use-cases/payments)

[ DePIN Bleeding edge tech for decentralized physical infrastructure ](/use-
cases/depin)[ NFTs Power up with our minting APIs, NFT indexers, and
compression tools ](/use-cases/nfts)[ Built with Helius Discover some of the
innovative teams that trust and utilize our services ](/built-with-helius)

Resources

#### Learn

[ Documentation Explore comprehensive guides, tutorials, and insights
](https://docs.helius.dev/)[ Forum Get answers and connect with our team and
fellow community members ](https://forum.helius.dev/)[ Video tutorials Get up
and running on new features and techniques
](https://www.youtube.com/@helius_labs)[ Jobs View our current job openings
](https://jobs.solana.com/companies/helius)

#### Tools

[ XRAY A human-readable Solana block explorer ](https://xray.helius.xyz/)[
Test Drive The Ultimate Tool for Testing Solana RPCs
](https://testdrive.helius.xyz/)[ Pyre Educational app that teaches users
Helius and Solana development ](https://pyre.helius.xyz/)

[Blog](/blog)[Pricing](/pricing)

[ Start Building ](https://dev.helius.xyz)

# The Best  
Solana RPCs.

Solana's most loved RPC Nodes, APIs, Webhooks, and Developer Tooling.

[Start for Free](https://dev.helius.xyz/dashboard/app)

[Documentation](https://docs.helius.dev/welcome/what-is-helius)

## Full Suite of Solana Development Tools.

Fine-tuned for high performance and reliability.

![Solana RPCs.](https://assets-global.website-
files.com/641a8c4cac3aee8bd266fd58/64dae143a9b255d62888dad0_RPC%20\(1\)%20Background%20Removed%20Large.png)

## High-performance Solana RPCs

Enhance your apps with speedy Solana RPC nodes, optimized for reliability and
backed by 24/7 support. Solana's most battle-tested RPCs, trusted by
thousands.

[More about RPCs](/solana-rpc-nodes)

## Solana Webhooks

**Stream Solana transactions and account changes** with low latencies and
robust fault-tolerance. Built-in event parsing.

[More about Webhooks](/solana-webhooks-websockets)

![Solana Webhooks.](https://assets-global.website-
files.com/641a8c4cac3aee8bd266fd58/64dae21277795d65075e0cca_WEBHOOKS%20Large.png)

![Solana State Compression and DAS API.](https://assets-global.website-
files.com/641a8c4cac3aee8bd266fd58/64dae2116bc11094cd5fce5d_DAS%20Large.png)

## DAS API & Compression

Leverage the most cost efficient way of minting mass amounts of digital
assets. Query all tokens and NFTs through a single interface, indexed for
performance.

[More about DAS API](/solana-apis)

## Stream Data with Geyser Plugins

**Ultra low-latency data streaming at the speed of Solana.**

[More about Geyser Plugins](/solana-webhooks-websockets)

![Solana Geyser Plugins.](https://assets-global.website-
files.com/641a8c4cac3aee8bd266fd58/64dae212a9b255d62889e034_GEYSER%20Large.png)

## Trusted by Solana's best.

![Solana logo](https://assets-global.website-
files.com/641a8c4cac3aee8bd266fd58/64221d2da158322b46c3bd13_6u-LQfjG_400x400.jpg)

Anatoly Yakovenko

CO-FOUNDER & CEO - SOLANA

"**The Helius team makes building on Solana smoother and easier**. Theyâve
done an amazing  job at streamlining and removing complexity from app
development on the network."

![Circle](https://assets-global.website-
files.com/641a8c4cac3aee8bd266fd58/641a8c4cac3aeea1a966fda3_Circle%2001.png)

![Solana logo](https://assets-global.website-
files.com/641a8c4cac3aee8bd266fd58/641a8c4cac3aee827d66fda2_Circle%2002.png)

![xNFT backpack logo](https://assets-global.website-
files.com/641a8c4cac3aee8bd266fd58/64220e214bf3fe03f61d3fbd_1fS4-upH_400x400.jpg)

Armani Ferrante

founder & CEO - Coral/Backpack

"Helius is super fast, reliable, and**I'd recommend them to anyone looking for
the best developer experience on Solana**. They power a great portion of our
infrastructure at Backpack."

![Circle](https://assets-global.website-
files.com/641a8c4cac3aee8bd266fd58/641a8c4cac3aeea1a966fda3_Circle%2001.png)

![Solana logo](https://assets-global.website-
files.com/641a8c4cac3aee8bd266fd58/641a8c4cac3aee827d66fda2_Circle%2002.png)

![crossmint logo](https://assets-global.website-
files.com/641a8c4cac3aee8bd266fd58/64220cc2301400cdd51dd8e6_crossmint-logo-
gradient.svg)

Alfonso Gomez Manas

CO-FOUNDER - CROSSMINT

"The Helius team is the GOAT. **They ship fast, intake product feedback
overnight, and power a great deal of Crossmint infrastructure**. A big
percentage of Crossmint products couldn't exist without Helius."

![Circle](https://assets-global.website-
files.com/641a8c4cac3aee8bd266fd58/641a8c4cac3aeea1a966fda3_Circle%2001.png)

![Solana logo](https://assets-global.website-
files.com/641a8c4cac3aee8bd266fd58/641a8c4cac3aee827d66fda2_Circle%2002.png)

![helium logo](https://assets-global.website-
files.com/641a8c4cac3aee8bd266fd58/64220eed60cec325208a9198_SStSTi3j_400x400.jpg)

Noah Prince

HEAD OF PROTOCOL ENGINEERING - HELIUM

"RPC side, Helius has been incredibly responsive. Working with bleeding edge
tech like NFT compression, this has been invaluable. Quick turnaround and less
time spent debugging indexing issues means **we can spend more time on
building out great user experiences**."

![Circle](https://assets-global.website-
files.com/641a8c4cac3aee8bd266fd58/641a8c4cac3aeea1a966fda3_Circle%2001.png)

![Solana logo](https://assets-global.website-
files.com/641a8c4cac3aee8bd266fd58/641a8c4cac3aee827d66fda2_Circle%2002.png)

![squads logo](https://assets-global.website-
files.com/641a8c4cac3aee8bd266fd58/6422d8a9302b28233219f947_u1EFiKJF_400x400.jpg)

Stepan Simkin

co-founder & CEO - SQUADS PRotocol

"Helius is an absolutely essential piece of infrastructure, their service is
robust and reliable, the team is responsive and brilliant, their attitude and
dedication shows how much they care. **They are passionately aligned with the
success of their customers.** "

![Circle](https://assets-global.website-
files.com/641a8c4cac3aee8bd266fd58/641a8c4cac3aeea1a966fda3_Circle%2001.png)

![Solana logo](https://assets-global.website-
files.com/641a8c4cac3aee8bd266fd58/641a8c4cac3aee827d66fda2_Circle%2002.png)

![elixir logo](https://assets-global.website-
files.com/641a8c4cac3aee8bd266fd58/64220eaa108e915f4f1c9219_orgPlMvb_400x400.jpg)

Luke Truitt

Co-founder & CEO - BRIDGESPLIT

"**Helius has been a game-changer for us** with extremely reliable RPCs
alongside Webhooks that have enabled a whole new set of use cases at a great
price. Not to mention providing high-touch customer service for new features
or any issues that we have."

![Circle](https://assets-global.website-
files.com/641a8c4cac3aee8bd266fd58/641a8c4cac3aeea1a966fda3_Circle%2001.png)

![Solana logo](https://assets-global.website-
files.com/641a8c4cac3aee8bd266fd58/641a8c4cac3aee827d66fda2_Circle%2002.png)

![solana foundation logo](https://assets-global.website-
files.com/641a8c4cac3aee8bd266fd58/64220f131ae58281df5fdad3_e3spB32h_400x400.jpg)

Jon Wong

HEAD OF ECOSYSTEM ENGINEERING - Solana foundation

"The engineers at Helius are top-notch go-getters that know that when your
business is on the line, their business is on the line. They relish the
opportunity for new problems to solve and arenât afraid to be**at the
cutting edge of Solana at all times**."

![Circle](https://assets-global.website-
files.com/641a8c4cac3aee8bd266fd58/641a8c4cac3aeea1a966fda3_Circle%2001.png)

![Solana logo](https://assets-global.website-
files.com/641a8c4cac3aee8bd266fd58/641a8c4cac3aee827d66fda2_Circle%2002.png)

![zeta markets logo](https://assets-global.website-
files.com/641a8c4cac3aee8bd266fd58/64220f2a262071e76ef4eee2_YcCaN4hQ_400x400.jpg)

Tristan Frizza

FOUNDER & CEO -  ZETA MARKETS

"Helius is building the crucial infrastructure required for apps to support
mainstream adoption on next generation blockchains like Solana. Having
personally built our own in-house indexing and data pipelines at Zeta, I know
how much of a headache it is for new teams. **Being able to save countless
hours of data engineering work and costly AWS bills is a big advantage for
us**."

![Circle](https://assets-global.website-
files.com/641a8c4cac3aee8bd266fd58/641a8c4cac3aeea1a966fda3_Circle%2001.png)

![Solana logo](https://assets-global.website-
files.com/641a8c4cac3aee8bd266fd58/641a8c4cac3aee827d66fda2_Circle%2002.png)

![tensor logo](https://assets-global.website-
files.com/641a8c4cac3aee8bd266fd58/642217fc60cec3477a8b46fb_qujno7O4_400x400.jpg)

Richard Wu

co-FOUNDER -  TENSOR

"The Helius team is GOATed. Besides providing best-in-class Solana RPCs,
theyâve basically given us white-glove service for general Solana
infrastructure advice & support. **You can count on them to have your back.**
"

![Circle](https://assets-global.website-
files.com/641a8c4cac3aee8bd266fd58/641a8c4cac3aeea1a966fda3_Circle%2001.png)

![Solana logo](https://assets-global.website-
files.com/641a8c4cac3aee8bd266fd58/641a8c4cac3aee827d66fda2_Circle%2002.png)

![right arrow](https://assets-global.website-
files.com/641a8c4cac3aee8bd266fd58/641a8c4cac3aee839266fd83_Left%20Arrow.svg)

![left arrow](https://assets-global.website-
files.com/641a8c4cac3aee8bd266fd58/641a8c4cac3aee218366fd84_Right%20Arrow.svg)

![](https://assets-global.website-
files.com/641ba798c17bb180d832b666/66263e2645716729d4ac2d82_jupiter.png)

![](https://assets-global.website-
files.com/641ba798c17bb180d832b666/650ef9a29aad1a83c3d81c36_shopify.png)

![](https://assets-global.website-
files.com/641ba798c17bb180d832b666/650ef8710a24b85c401d31ee_drip.png)

![](https://assets-global.website-
files.com/641ba798c17bb180d832b666/66263e645217958a1f9e930c_coinbase.png)

![](https://assets-global.website-
files.com/641ba798c17bb180d832b666/641f5257b877692f03743f1f_641f5059927bd5054a11807e_me.png)

![](https://assets-global.website-
files.com/641ba798c17bb180d832b666/6435895bc0f7bde959c698b9_Vector%20\(1\).png)

![](https://assets-global.website-
files.com/641ba798c17bb180d832b666/6434d9ac68a0cb84657e6287_hivemapper.png)

![](https://assets-global.website-
files.com/641ba798c17bb180d832b666/6434d99e0ef58449421173e4_drift.png)

![](https://assets-global.website-
files.com/641ba798c17bb180d832b666/6434d9957d80d969439a6b07_zeta.png)

![](https://assets-global.website-
files.com/641ba798c17bb180d832b666/641f5258f4ae4936ce6a1e77_641f514d697d5651d22d6683_lukka.webp)

![](https://assets-global.website-
files.com/641ba798c17bb180d832b666/641f5258dd850a1e0e7d6a94_641f51077e674a858ece21a8_tensor.webp)

![](https://assets-global.website-
files.com/641ba798c17bb180d832b666/641f5257a2bd1e94003a1d52_641f50c1dd850a645c7d3edd_backpack.webp)

![](https://assets-global.website-
files.com/641ba798c17bb180d832b666/641f52579a708be140942c8e_641f5091418cabc125e09a22_squads.webp)

![](https://assets-global.website-
files.com/641ba798c17bb180d832b666/641f52579e732802772f4fcc_641f5085b87769805b7417c5_crossmint.webp)

![](https://assets-global.website-
files.com/641ba798c17bb180d832b666/641f52587a77c65b509bf708_641f5076a2bd1e75df39ecf4_discord.webp)

![](https://assets-global.website-
files.com/641ba798c17bb180d832b666/66263e3345716729d4ac33f5_ledger.png)

![](https://assets-global.website-
files.com/641ba798c17bb180d832b666/641f52575d27296fbe5262d0_641f50397e674acb41ce17b1_solana.webp)

![](https://assets-global.website-
files.com/641ba798c17bb180d832b666/66263dcb2564946ceb3e642e_solflare.png)

![](https://assets-global.website-
files.com/641ba798c17bb180d832b666/662652477fc154ee8350bd16_exodus.png)

![](https://assets-global.website-
files.com/641ba798c17bb180d832b666/6626523000511b03f30f5884_trezor.png)

![](https://assets-global.website-
files.com/641ba798c17bb180d832b666/66265220954a490e864a21a4_orca.png)

![](https://assets-global.website-
files.com/641ba798c17bb180d832b666/662652106665cf3f9dfdff77_dexscreener.png)

![](https://assets-global.website-
files.com/641ba798c17bb180d832b666/662659e10fd081c757987d5b_pumpdotfun.png)

## Pricing

Pay with fiat or crypto.  

Monthly Yearly

![](https://assets-global.website-
files.com/641a8c4cac3aee8bd266fd58/65565269a3b6b89e03732d9c_hacker.png)

Developer

### $ 49/mo

**10M Credits**

50 RPC requests per second

10 sendTransaction calls per second

10 API / DAS requests per second

3 Webhooks

Chat Support (Discord)

[Start Building](https://dev.helius.xyz/dashboard/app)

![](https://assets-global.website-
files.com/641a8c4cac3aee8bd266fd58/655652728a3fe7fe99b752fe_startup.png)

Business

### $ 399/mo

**200M Credits**

150 RPC requests per second

50 sendTransaction calls per second

50 API / DAS requests per second

10 Webhooks

24/7 Chat Support

[Start Building](https://dev.helius.xyz/dashboard/app)

MOST POPULAR

![](https://assets-global.website-
files.com/641a8c4cac3aee8bd266fd58/65565275f6a4dfd20c55e33b_business.png)

Performance

### $ 699/mo

**500M  Credits**

500 RPC requests per second

100 sendTransaction calls per second

100 API / DAS requests per second

20 Webhooks

Priority Chat & Phone Support (Telegram/Slack)

[Start Building](https://dev.helius.xyz/dashboard/app)

Developer

### $490/year

**10M  Credits per month**

50 RPC requests per second

10 API / DAS requests per second

3 Webhooks

Chat Support (Discord)

[Start Building](https://dev.helius.xyz/dashboard/app)

Business

### $3,990/year

**200M Credits per month**

150 RPC requests per second

50 API / DAS requests per second

10 Webhooks

24/7 Chat Support (Telegram/Slack)

[Start Building](https://dev.helius.xyz/dashboard/app)

Most Popular

Performance

### $6,990/year

**500M Credits per month**

500 RPC requests per second

100 API / DAS requests per second

20 Webhooks

Priority Chat & Phone Support (Telegram/Slack)

[Start Building](https://dev.helius.xyz/dashboard/app)

##### Free

**500k Credits**

**10 RPC requests per second**

**1 sendTransaction call per second**

**2 API/DAS requests per second**

**1 Webhook**

[Start for Free](https://dev.helius.xyz/dashboard/app)

#### Dedicated Nodes

Need the lowest possible latency, highest-performance requirements, or
additional security? Get a single dedicated node or a cluster of nodes with an
optional Geyser plugin. All automated with advanced monitoring.

[Order Dedicated Nodes](https://dev.helius.xyz/dedicated-nodes/my)

#### Enterprise

Need a tailored plan? Create a custom plan with higher throughput, dedicated
infrastructure, volume pricing, 24/7 priority support engineers, usage
optimization, and more.

[Contact Sales](https://form.typeform.com/to/KiacmxpZ)

## Helius vs...

![Helius logo](https://assets-global.website-
files.com/641a8c4cac3aee8bd266fd58/65b7c8d5aaab715b13605ece_Helius-Orange.svg)

## Triton

## QuickNode

## Alchemy

Dedicated RPC Nodes

Solana Domain Expertise and Consulting

Indexing Support for All Tokens

Transaction Parsing API

Webhook Support

Wallet Signup & Crypto Subscriptions

Price per 1M credits*

$1.40

$1.60

$5.00

$4.80

RPC rate limit*

500 RPS

120 RPS

120 RPS

50 RPS

Uptime**

99.99%

unspecified

99.84%

99.85%

Support SLA*

2 Hours

Not listed

12 Hours

12 Hours

_*Data for largest listed shared RPC plan. **Snapshot taken at Feb 19, 2024._

## Helius Blog

Your Latest Updates and Insights on Solana.

[ How to Monitor Solana Transactions Using Geyser Enhanced Websockets
](/blog/how-to-monitor-solana-transactions-using-geyser-enhanced-
websockets)![A Guide to Monitoring Solana Transactions Using Geyser Enhanced
Websockets](https://assets-global.website-
files.com/641ba798c17bb180d832b666/664e31702640ffefe5b285cc_MonitorTX-
Banner.jpg)

Blog

How to Monitor Solana Transactions Using Geyser Enhanced Websockets

Learn how to master Geyser Enhanced Websockets with simple and complex
examples

[ How to Deal with Blockhash Errors on Solana ](/blog/how-to-deal-with-
blockhash-errors-on-solana)![Blockhash errors Banner](https://assets-
global.website-
files.com/641ba798c17bb180d832b666/66291f3b3d72790e0ac1f8a6_Blockhash-
Banner.jpg)

Solana Dev

How to Deal with Blockhash Errors on Solana

Developers frequently encounter blockhash errors, which can be difficult to
understand. In this blog post, we will explain what causes blockhash errors
and discuss the best practices for avoiding them.

[ How to Monitor a Raydium Liquidity Pool ](/blog/how-to-monitor-a-raydium-
liquidity-pool)![How to Monitor a Raydium Liquidity Pool](https://assets-
global.website-files.com/641ba798c17bb180d832b666/6628905103b602b93cab7760_LP-
Banner.jpg)

Blog

How to Monitor a Raydium Liquidity Pool

Liquidity pools are smart contracts allowing users to buy and sell crypto on
decentralized exchanges and other DeFi platforms. This article will teach two
approaches to monitoring liquidity pools: webhooks and websockets.

[ How to Set Up a Solana Validator ](/blog/how-to-set-up-a-solana-
validator)![How to Set Up a Solana Validator](https://assets-global.website-
files.com/641ba798c17bb180d832b666/66293c905b5ac192bebe3fbb_Validator-
Banner.jpg)

Blog

How to Set Up a Solana Validator

Learn how to get a Solana mainnet validator up and running

[ How to Stake SOL on Solana ](/blog/how-to-stake-solana)![How to Stake SOL
Banner](https://assets-global.website-
files.com/641ba798c17bb180d832b666/66266e63e899da745d7afe55_Staking-
Banner.jpg)

Blog

How to Stake SOL on Solana

Stake SOL to increase capital efficiency and improve the Solana network

[ How to Land Transactions on Solana  ](/blog/how-to-land-transactions-on-
solana)![How to Land Transactions on Solana ](https://assets-global.website-
files.com/641ba798c17bb180d832b666/661e7ea87b9747d3a007b516_LandTransactions-
Banner.jpg)

Blog

How to Land Transactions on Solana

Understanding how transactions are submitted and processed on Solana is
essential for handling failed transactions. This article delves into possible
causes of transaction failure and recommends best practices for increasing
transaction throughput.

[ All posts ](/blog)

## Your Web3 Development Journey Starts Now.

Get started in less than 10 seconds. No credit cards or email required.

[Start for Free](https://dev.helius.xyz/dashboard/app)

[Documentation](https://docs.helius.dev/welcome/what-is-helius)

[![](https://assets-global.website-
files.com/641a8c4cac3aee8bd266fd58/65b7c9184d310276eaad4ba5_Helius-
White.svg)](/)

Products

[Solana RPC Infrastructure](/solana-rpc-nodes)[Solana APIs](/solana-
apis)[Webhooks & WebSockets](/solana-webhooks-websockets)

Resources

[Documentation](https://docs.helius.xyz/welcome/what-is-
helius)[Pricing](/pricing)[Built with Helius](/built-with-helius)

Community

[Twitter](https://twitter.com/heliuslabs)[LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/company/heliusapi)[Discord](https://discord.gg/aYjmtWsy6b)

Company

[Blog](/blog)[Jobs](https://jobs.solana.com/companies/helius)[Terms &
Conditions](/terms)[Privacy Policy](/privacy-policy)

