Skip to main content

[](/en/)

  * Learn
  * Use
  * Build
  * Participate
  * Research

Search```K`

Languages EN

Change page

This page is incomplete and we'd love your help. Edit this page and add
anything that you think might be useful to others.

[Overview](/en/developers/docs/)

Foundational topics

[Intro to Ethereum](/en/developers/docs/intro-to-ethereum/)

[Intro to Ether](/en/developers/docs/intro-to-ether/)

[Intro to dapps](/en/developers/docs/dapps/)

[Web2 vs Web3](/en/developers/docs/web2-vs-web3/)

[Accounts](/en/developers/docs/accounts/)

[Transactions](/en/developers/docs/transactions/)

[Blocks](/en/developers/docs/blocks/)

[Ethereum virtual machine (EVM)](/en/developers/docs/evm/)

[Opcodes](/en/developers/docs/evm/opcodes/)

[Gas](/en/developers/docs/gas/)

[Nodes and clients](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/)

[Run a node](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/run-a-node/)

[Client diversity](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/client-diversity/)

[Nodes as a service](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/nodes-as-a-
service/)

[Node architecture](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/node-architecture/)

[Light clients](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/light-clients/)

[Archive nodes](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/archive-nodes/)

[Bootnodes](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/bootnodes/)

[Networks](/en/developers/docs/networks/)

[Consensus mechanisms](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/)

[Proof-of-work](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pow/)

[Mining](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pow/mining/)

[Mining algorithms](/en/developers/docs/consensus-
mechanisms/pow/mining/mining-algorithms/)

[Dagger-Hashimoto](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pow/mining/mining-
algorithms/dagger-hashimoto/)

[Ethash](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pow/mining/mining-
algorithms/ethash/)

[Proof-of-stake](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/)

[Gasper](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/gasper/)

[Weak subjectivity](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/weak-
subjectivity/)

[Attestations](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/attestations/)

[PoS rewards and penalties](/en/developers/docs/consensus-
mechanisms/pos/rewards-and-penalties/)

[PoS attack and defense](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/attack-
and-defense/)

[Keys](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/keys/)

[Proof-of-stake versus proof-of-work](/en/developers/docs/consensus-
mechanisms/pos/pos-vs-pow/)

[Block proposal](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/block-proposal/)

[Proof-of-stake FAQs](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/faqs/)

[Proof-of-authority](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/poa/)

Ethereum stack

[Intro to the stack](/en/developers/docs/ethereum-stack/)

[Smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/)

[Smart contract languages](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/languages/)

[Smart contract anatomy](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/anatomy/)

[Smart contracts libraries](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/libraries/)

[Testing smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/testing/)

[Compiling smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/compiling/)

[Deploying smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/deploying/)

[Verifying smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/verifying/)

[Upgrading smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/upgrading/)

[Smart contract security](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/security/)

[Smart contract formal verification](/en/developers/docs/smart-
contracts/formal-verification/)

[Composability](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/composability/)

[Development networks](/en/developers/docs/development-networks/)

[Development frameworks](/en/developers/docs/frameworks/)

Ethereum client APIs

[JavaScript APIs](/en/developers/docs/apis/javascript/)

[Backend APIs](/en/developers/docs/apis/backend/)

[JSON-RPC](/en/developers/docs/apis/json-rpc/)

[Data and analytics](/en/developers/docs/data-and-analytics/)

[Block explorers](/en/developers/docs/data-and-analytics/block-explorers/)

[Storage](/en/developers/docs/storage/)

[Integrated Development Environments (IDEs)](/en/developers/docs/ides/)

[Programming languages](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/)

[Dart](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/dart/)

[Delphi](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/delphi/)

[.NET](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/dot-net/)

[Golang](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/golang/)

[Java](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/java/)

[JavaScript](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/javascript/)

[Python](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/python/)

[Ruby](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/ruby/)

[Rust](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/rust/)

Advanced

[Bridges](/en/developers/docs/bridges/)

[Standards](/en/developers/docs/standards/)

[Token standards](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/)

[ERC-20: Fungible Tokens](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/erc-20/)

[ERC-721: NFTs](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/erc-721/)

[ERC-777](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/erc-777/)

[ERC-1155](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/erc-1155/)

[ERC-4626](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/erc-4626/)

[Maximal extractable value (MEV)](/en/developers/docs/mev/)

[Oracles](/en/developers/docs/oracles/)

[Scaling](/en/developers/docs/scaling/)

[Optimistic rollups](/en/developers/docs/scaling/optimistic-rollups/)

[Zero-knowledge rollups](/en/developers/docs/scaling/zk-rollups/)

[State channels](/en/developers/docs/scaling/state-channels/)

[Sidechains](/en/developers/docs/scaling/sidechains/)

[Plasma](/en/developers/docs/scaling/plasma/)

[Validium](/en/developers/docs/scaling/validium/)

[Data availability](/en/developers/docs/data-availability/)

[Networking layer](/en/developers/docs/networking-layer/)

[Network addresses](/en/developers/docs/networking-layer/network-addresses/)

[Portal Network](/en/developers/docs/networking-layer/portal-network/)

[Data structures and encoding](/en/developers/docs/data-structures-and-
encoding/)

[Patricia Merkle Trie](/en/developers/docs/data-structures-and-
encoding/patricia-merkle-trie/)

[Recursive-length prefix (RLP)](/en/developers/docs/data-structures-and-
encoding/rlp/)

[Simple serialize (SSZ)](/en/developers/docs/data-structures-and-
encoding/ssz/)

[Web3 secret storage definition](/en/developers/docs/data-structures-and-
encoding/web3-secret-storage/)

Design fundamentals

[Intro to design and UX](/en/developers/docs/design-and-ux/)

# Compiling smart contracts

a

Last edit: [@allwin199(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/allwin199),
March 19, 2024

See contributors

On this page

  * Prerequisites
  * The EVM
  * Web applications
  * Further reading
  * Related topics

You need to compile your contract so that your web app and the Ethereum
virtual machine (EVM) can understand it.

## Prerequisites

You might find it helpful to have read our intro to [smart
contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/) and the [Ethereum virtual
machine](/en/developers/docs/evm/) before reading about compilation.

## The EVM

For the [EVM](/en/developers/docs/evm/) to be able to run your contract it
needs to be in **bytecode**. Compilation turns this:

    
    
    1pragma solidity 0.4.24;
    
    2
    
    3contract Greeter {
    
    4
    
    5    function greet() public constant returns (string) {
    
    6        return "Hello";
    
    7    }
    
    8
    
    9}
    
    Show all
    
    ![ðŸ“‹](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f4cb.svg) Copy

**into this**

    
    
     1PUSH1 0x80 PUSH1 0x40 MSTORE PUSH1 0x4 CALLDATASIZE LT PUSH2 0x41 JUMPI PUSH1 0x0 CALLDATALOAD PUSH29 0x100000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000 SWAP1 DIV PUSH4 0xFFFFFFFF AND DUP1 PUSH4 0xCFAE3217 EQ PUSH2 0x46 JUMPI JUMPDEST PUSH1 0x0 DUP1 REVERT JUMPDEST CALLVALUE DUP1 ISZERO PUSH2 0x52 JUMPI PUSH1 0x0 DUP1 REVERT JUMPDEST POP PUSH2 0x5B PUSH2 0xD6 JUMP JUMPDEST PUSH1 0x40 MLOAD DUP1 DUP1 PUSH1 0x20 ADD DUP3 DUP2 SUB DUP3 MSTORE DUP4 DUP2 DUP2 MLOAD DUP2 MSTORE PUSH1 0x20 ADD SWAP2 POP DUP1 MLOAD SWAP1 PUSH1 0x20 ADD SWAP1 DUP1 DUP4 DUP4 PUSH1 0x0 JUMPDEST DUP4 DUP2 LT ISZERO PUSH2 0x9B JUMPI DUP1 DUP3 ADD MLOAD DUP2 DUP5 ADD MSTORE PUSH1 0x20 DUP2 ADD SWAP1 POP PUSH2 0x80 JUMP JUMPDEST POP POP POP POP SWAP1 POP SWAP1 DUP2 ADD SWAP1 PUSH1 0x1F AND DUP1 ISZERO PUSH2 0xC8 JUMPI DUP1 DUP3 SUB DUP1 MLOAD PUSH1 0x1 DUP4 PUSH1 0x20 SUB PUSH2 0x100 EXP SUB NOT AND DUP2 MSTORE PUSH1 0x20 ADD SWAP2 POP JUMPDEST POP SWAP3 POP POP POP PUSH1 0x40 MLOAD DUP1 SWAP2 SUB SWAP1 RETURN JUMPDEST PUSH1 0x60 PUSH1 0x40 DUP1 MLOAD SWAP1 DUP2 ADD PUSH1 0x40 MSTORE DUP1 PUSH1 0x5 DUP2 MSTORE PUSH1 0x20 ADD PUSH32 0x48656C6C6F000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000 DUP2 MSTORE POP SWAP1 POP SWAP1 JUMP STOP LOG1 PUSH6 0x627A7A723058 KECCAK256 SLT 0xec 0xe 0xf5 0xf8 SLT 0xc7 0x2d STATICCALL ADDRESS SHR 0xdb COINBASE 0xb1 BALANCE 0xe8 0xf8 DUP14 0xda 0xad DUP13 LOG1 0x4c 0xb4 0x26 0xc2 DELEGATECALL PUSH7 0x8994D3E002900

These are called **opcodes**. EVM opcodes are the low-level instructions that
the Ethereum Virtual Machine (EVM) can execute. Each opcode represents a
specific operation, such as arithmetic operations, logical operations, data
manipulation, control flow, etc.

[More on opcodes](/en/developers/docs/evm/opcodes/)

## Web applications

The compiler will also produce the **Application Binary Interface (ABI)**
which you need in order for your application to understand the contract and
call the contract's functions.

The ABI is a JSON file that describes the deployed contract and its smart
contract functions. This helps bridge the gap between web2 and web3

A [JavaScript client library](/en/developers/docs/apis/javascript/) will read
the **ABI** in order for you to call on your smart contract in your web app's
interface.

Below is the ABI for the ERC-20 token contract. An ERC-20 is a token you can
trade on Ethereum.

    
    
    1[
    
    2  {
    
    3    "constant": true,
    
    4    "inputs": [],
    
    5    "name": "name",
    
    6    "outputs": [
    
    7      {
    
    8        "name": "",
    
    9        "type": "string"
    
    10      }
    
    11    ],
    
    12    "payable": false,
    
    13    "stateMutability": "view",
    
    14    "type": "function"
    
    15  },
    
    16  {
    
    17    "constant": false,
    
    18    "inputs": [
    
    19      {
    
    20        "name": "_spender",
    
    21        "type": "address"
    
    22      },
    
    23      {
    
    24        "name": "_value",
    
    25        "type": "uint256"
    
    26      }
    
    27    ],
    
    28    "name": "approve",
    
    29    "outputs": [
    
    30      {
    
    31        "name": "",
    
    32        "type": "bool"
    
    33      }
    
    34    ],
    
    35    "payable": false,
    
    36    "stateMutability": "nonpayable",
    
    37    "type": "function"
    
    38  },
    
    39  {
    
    40    "constant": true,
    
    41    "inputs": [],
    
    42    "name": "totalSupply",
    
    43    "outputs": [
    
    44      {
    
    45        "name": "",
    
    46        "type": "uint256"
    
    47      }
    
    48    ],
    
    49    "payable": false,
    
    50    "stateMutability": "view",
    
    51    "type": "function"
    
    52  },
    
    53  {
    
    54    "constant": false,
    
    55    "inputs": [
    
    56      {
    
    57        "name": "_from",
    
    58        "type": "address"
    
    59      },
    
    60      {
    
    61        "name": "_to",
    
    62        "type": "address"
    
    63      },
    
    64      {
    
    65        "name": "_value",
    
    66        "type": "uint256"
    
    67      }
    
    68    ],
    
    69    "name": "transferFrom",
    
    70    "outputs": [
    
    71      {
    
    72        "name": "",
    
    73        "type": "bool"
    
    74      }
    
    75    ],
    
    76    "payable": false,
    
    77    "stateMutability": "nonpayable",
    
    78    "type": "function"
    
    79  },
    
    80  {
    
    81    "constant": true,
    
    82    "inputs": [],
    
    83    "name": "decimals",
    
    84    "outputs": [
    
    85      {
    
    86        "name": "",
    
    87        "type": "uint8"
    
    88      }
    
    89    ],
    
    90    "payable": false,
    
    91    "stateMutability": "view",
    
    92    "type": "function"
    
    93  },
    
    94  {
    
    95    "constant": true,
    
    96    "inputs": [
    
    97      {
    
    98        "name": "_owner",
    
    99        "type": "address"
    
    100      }
    
    101    ],
    
    102    "name": "balanceOf",
    
    103    "outputs": [
    
    104      {
    
    105        "name": "balance",
    
    106        "type": "uint256"
    
    107      }
    
    108    ],
    
    109    "payable": false,
    
    110    "stateMutability": "view",
    
    111    "type": "function"
    
    112  },
    
    113  {
    
    114    "constant": true,
    
    115    "inputs": [],
    
    116    "name": "symbol",
    
    117    "outputs": [
    
    118      {
    
    119        "name": "",
    
    120        "type": "string"
    
    121      }
    
    122    ],
    
    123    "payable": false,
    
    124    "stateMutability": "view",
    
    125    "type": "function"
    
    126  },
    
    127  {
    
    128    "constant": false,
    
    129    "inputs": [
    
    130      {
    
    131        "name": "_to",
    
    132        "type": "address"
    
    133      },
    
    134      {
    
    135        "name": "_value",
    
    136        "type": "uint256"
    
    137      }
    
    138    ],
    
    139    "name": "transfer",
    
    140    "outputs": [
    
    141      {
    
    142        "name": "",
    
    143        "type": "bool"
    
    144      }
    
    145    ],
    
    146    "payable": false,
    
    147    "stateMutability": "nonpayable",
    
    148    "type": "function"
    
    149  },
    
    150  {
    
    151    "constant": true,
    
    152    "inputs": [
    
    153      {
    
    154        "name": "_owner",
    
    155        "type": "address"
    
    156      },
    
    157      {
    
    158        "name": "_spender",
    
    159        "type": "address"
    
    160      }
    
    161    ],
    
    162    "name": "allowance",
    
    163    "outputs": [
    
    164      {
    
    165        "name": "",
    
    166        "type": "uint256"
    
    167      }
    
    168    ],
    
    169    "payable": false,
    
    170    "stateMutability": "view",
    
    171    "type": "function"
    
    172  },
    
    173  {
    
    174    "payable": true,
    
    175    "stateMutability": "payable",
    
    176    "type": "fallback"
    
    177  },
    
    178  {
    
    179    "anonymous": false,
    
    180    "inputs": [
    
    181      {
    
    182        "indexed": true,
    
    183        "name": "owner",
    
    184        "type": "address"
    
    185      },
    
    186      {
    
    187        "indexed": true,
    
    188        "name": "spender",
    
    189        "type": "address"
    
    190      },
    
    191      {
    
    192        "indexed": false,
    
    193        "name": "value",
    
    194        "type": "uint256"
    
    195      }
    
    196    ],
    
    197    "name": "Approval",
    
    198    "type": "event"
    
    199  },
    
    200  {
    
    201    "anonymous": false,
    
    202    "inputs": [
    
    203      {
    
    204        "indexed": true,
    
    205        "name": "from",
    
    206        "type": "address"
    
    207      },
    
    208      {
    
    209        "indexed": true,
    
    210        "name": "to",
    
    211        "type": "address"
    
    212      },
    
    213      {
    
    214        "indexed": false,
    
    215        "name": "value",
    
    216        "type": "uint256"
    
    217      }
    
    218    ],
    
    219    "name": "Transfer",
    
    220    "type": "event"
    
    221  }
    
    222]
    
    Show all
    
    ![ðŸ“‹](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f4cb.svg) Copy

## Further reading

  * [ABI spec(opens in a new tab)](https://solidity.readthedocs.io/en/v0.7.0/abi-spec.html) _â€“ Solidity_

## Related topics

  * [JavaScript client libraries](/en/developers/docs/apis/javascript/)
  * [Ethereum virtual machine](/en/developers/docs/evm/)

## Help us with this page

If you're an expert on the topic and want to contribute, edit this page and
sprinkle it with your wisdom.

You'll be credited and you'll be helping the Ethereum community!

Use this flexible [documentation template(opens in a new
tab)](https://www.notion.so/efdn/Writer-
template-4b40d196cde7422ca6a2091de33550bd)

Questions? Ask us in the #content channel on our [Discord server(opens in a
new tab)](https://discord.gg/ethereum-org)

[Edit page(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/ethereum/ethereum-org-
website/tree/dev/public/content/developers/docs/smart-
contracts/compiling/index.md)

back-to-top â†‘

### Was this article helpful?

YesNo

![ðŸ‘ˆ](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f448.svg)

Previous

[Testing smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/testing/)

![ðŸ‘‰](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f449.svg)

Next

[Deploying smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/deploying/)

  * [Edit page(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/ethereum/ethereum-org-website/tree/dev/public/content/developers/docs/smart-contracts/compiling/index.md)
  * On this page

    * Prerequisites
    * The EVM
    * Web applications
    * Further reading
    * Related topics

Website last updated: May 22, 2024

[(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/ethereum/ethereum-org-
website)[(opens in a new tab)](https://twitter.com/ethdotorg)[(opens in a new
tab)](https://discord.gg/ethereum-org)

### Learn

  * [Learn Hub](/en/learn/)
  * [What is Ethereum?](/en/what-is-ethereum/)
  * [What is ether (ETH)?](/en/eth/)
  * [Ethereum wallets](/en/wallets/)
  * [What is Web3?](/en/web3/)
  * [Smart contracts](/en/smart-contracts/)
  * [Gas fees](/en/gas/)
  * [Run a node](/en/run-a-node/)
  * [Ethereum security and scam prevention](/en/security/)
  * [Quiz Hub](/en/quizzes/)
  * [Ethereum glossary](/en/glossary/)

### Use

  * [Guides](/en/guides/)
  * [Choose your wallet](/en/wallets/find-wallet/)
  * [Get ETH](/en/get-eth/)
  * [Dapps - Decentralized applications](/en/dapps/)
  * [Stablecoins](/en/stablecoins/)
  * [NFTs - Non-fungible tokens](/en/nft/)
  * [DeFi - Decentralized finance](/en/defi/)
  * [DAOs - Decentralized autonomous organizations](/en/dao/)
  * [Decentralized identity](/en/decentralized-identity/)
  * [Stake ETH](/en/staking/)
  * [Layer 2](/en/layer-2/)

### Build

  * [Builder's home](/en/developers/)
  * [Tutorials](/en/developers/tutorials/)
  * [Documentation](/en/developers/docs/)
  * [Learn by coding](/en/developers/learning-tools/)
  * [Set up local environment](/en/developers/local-environment/)
  * [Grants](/en/community/grants/)
  * [Foundational topics](/en/developers/docs/intro-to-ethereum/)
  * [UX/UI design fundamentals](/en/developers/docs/design-and-ux/)
  * [Enterprise - Mainnet Ethereum](/en/enterprise/)
  * [Enterprise - Private Ethereum](/en/enterprise/private-ethereum/)

### Participate

  * [Community hub](/en/community/)
  * [Online communities](/en/community/online/)
  * [Ethereum events](/en/community/events/)
  * [Contributing to ethereum.org](/en/contributing/)
  * [Translation Program](/en/contributing/translation-program/)
  * [Ethereum bug bounty program](/en/bug-bounty/)
  * [Ethereum Foundation](/en/foundation/)
  * [Ethereum Foundation Blog(opens in a new tab)](https://blog.ethereum.org/)
  * [Ecosystem Support Program(opens in a new tab)](https://esp.ethereum.foundation)
  * [Devcon(opens in a new tab)](https://devcon.org/)

### Research

  * [Ethereum Whitepaper](/en/whitepaper/)
  * [Ethereum roadmap](/en/roadmap/)
  * [Improved security](/en/roadmap/security/)
  * [Technical history of Ethereum](/en/history/)
  * [Open research](/en/community/research/)
  * [Ethereum Improvement Proposals](/en/eips/)
  * [Ethereum governance](/en/governance/)

  * [About us](/en/about/)
  * [Ethereum brand assets](/en/assets/)
  * [Code of conduct](/en/community/code-of-conduct/)
  * [Jobs](/en/about/#open-jobs)
  * [Privacy policy](/en/privacy-policy/)
  * [Terms of use](/en/terms-of-use/)
  * [Cookie policy](/en/cookie-policy/)
  * [Press Contact(opens in a new tab)](mailto:press@ethereum.org)

Is this page helpful?

