Contact us

Thank you

Your submission has been received. We will reach out to you soon.

[Chainalysis](/)

  * Solutions
  * Customers
  * Services
  * Insights
  * Company
  * [Log in](https://app.chainalysis.com/login/)[Request a demo](https://www.chainalysis.com/request-a-demo/)

  * [Crypto Investigations](/solution/crypto-investigations/)Employ industry leading blockchain intelligence to tackle crypto challenges

  * [Web3 Growth](/solution/web3-growth/)Leverage on-chain user insights to boost engagement and success

  * [Crypto Risk](/solution/crypto-risk/)Delivering effective risk management solutions for regulatory compliance and operational safety

[Free Sanctions Screening](/free-cryptocurrency-sanctions-screening-
tools/)Avoid interaction with sanctioned activity

  * [Blockchain Intelligence](/blockchain-intelligence/)

Power your blockchain technology needs with industry-leading intelligence

[Transpose](/transpose/)Lightning fast, indexed blockchain data

  * [Chainalysis Platform](/platform/)Enterprise ready infrastructure for blockchain analysis solutions

Industries

  * [Law Enforcement](/law-enforcement/)Detect, disrupt, and deter crypto crime with blockchain insights

[Regulators](/regulators/)Protect consumers, establish safe markets, and
maintain financial stability

[Tax Agencies](/tax-agencies/)Administer, implement, and enforce tax policies
for digital assets

  * [Financial Institutions](/financial-institutions/)Generate new revenue opportunities with digital assets

[Centralized Exchanges](/centralized-exchanges/)Optimize crypto exchange
operations through data insights

  * [Consumer Brands](/consumer-brands/)Start your seamless transition into web3

[Decentralized Finance](/solutions/defi/)Scale projects securely with low-lift
integrations

[Customer Stories](/customer-stories/)

  * [![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/10/ct-state-police-featured-thumbnail.png)Connecticut State Police safeguards citizens from digital crimes](https://www.chainalysis.com/customer-stories/facing-crypto-crime-in-connecticut/)[![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/10/morabanc-featured-thumbnail.png)Morabanc serves as trusted entry point to world of digital assets](https://www.chainalysis.com/customer-stories/morabanc/)

  * [Investigations & Special Programs](/crypto-investigations-and-special-programs/)Professional investigators providing forensic analysis to resolve cybersecurity breaches and trace stolen funds
  * [Training & Certification](/chainalysis-certification-programs/)

Equip yourself with the knowledge needed to navigate cryptocurrency
confidently

  * [Chainalysis Academy ](https://academy.chainalysis.com/)

Get started with short training courses

  * [Blog](/blog/)[Crime](/blog/category/crime/)[Markets](/blog/category/markets/)[Policy & Regulation](/blog/category/policy-and-regulation/)[Crypto Basics](/blog/category/crypto-basics/)[Chainalysis in Action](/blog/category/chainalysis-in-action/)[Company News](/blog/category/company-news/)
  * [Webinars](/webinars/)View upcoming and on-demand webinars from our experts and industry leaders.[Podcast](/blog/category/podcast/)Public Key is the cryptocurrency and compliance podcast.[Chainalysis Links](/links-nyc/)The digital asset event where the public and private sectors meet.
  * [Reports](/reports/)

[![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/02/thumbnail-crime-
report.png)The 2024 Crypto Crime Report](https://go.chainalysis.com/crypto-
crime-2024.html)[![Geos report thumbnail image, and abstracted map with a
generic bar chart](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-
content/uploads/2024/01/thumbnail-geos-2023.png)The 2023 Geography of
Cryptocurrency Report](https://go.chainalysis.com/geography-of-
cryptocurrency-2023.html)

  * [Why Chainalysis](/why-chainalysis/)Turn blockchain transactions into insights and risk into compliance.
  * [About Chainalysis](/company/)Chainalysis is the blockchain data platform.
  * [Careers](/careers/)Chainalysis is growing fast, globally. Join us today.
  * [Chainalysis Government Solutions](/government/)[Partner Directory](https://partner.chainalysis.com/English/directory/)[Become a Partner](https://partner.chainalysis.com/English/)

[Chainalysis](/)

  * Solutions
  * Customers
  * Services
  * Insights
  * Company
  * [Log in](https://app.chainalysis.com/login/)[Request a demo](https://www.chainalysis.com/request-a-demo/)

Back arrow

Solutions

    * [Crypto Investigations](/solution/crypto-investigations/)
    * [Crypto Risk](/solution/crypto-risk/)
    * [Free Sanctions Screening](/free-cryptocurrency-sanctions-screening-tools/)
    * [Web3 Growth](/solution/web3-growth/)
    * [Blockchain Intelligence](/blockchain-intelligence/)
    * [Transpose](/transpose/)
    * * * *

    * [Chainalysis Platform](/platform/)

Back arrow

Customers

    * [Law Enforcement](/law-enforcement/)
    * [Regulators](/regulators/)
    * [Tax Agencies](/tax-agencies/)
    * [Financial Institutions](/financial-institutions/)
    * [Centralized Exchanges](/centralized-exchanges/)
    * [Consumer Brands](/consumer-brands/)
    * [Decentralized Finance](/solutions/defi/)
    * * * *

    * [Customer Stories](/customer-stories/)

Back arrow

Services

    * [Investigations & Special ProgramsProfessional investigators providing forensic analysis to resolve cybersecurity breaches and trace stolen funds](/crypto-investigations-and-special-programs/)
    * [Training & CertificationEquip yourself with the knowledge needed to navigate cryptocurrency confidently](/chainalysis-certification-programs/)
    * [Chainalysis AcademyGet started with short training courses](https://academy.chainalysis.com/)

Back arrow

Insights

    * [Blog](https://www.chainalysis.com/blog/)[Crime](/blog/category/crime/)[Markets](/blog/category/markets/)[Policy & Regulation](/blog/category/policy-and-regulation/)[Crypto Basics](/blog/category/crypto-basics/)[Chainalysis in Action](/blog/category/chainalysis-in-action/)[Company News](/blog/category/company-news/)
    * [Webinars](/webinars/)
    * [Podcast](/blog/category/podcast/)
    * [Chainalysis Links](/links-nyc/)
    * [Reports](/reports/)

Back arrow

Company

    * [Why ChainalysisTurn blockchain transactions into insights and risk into compliance](/why-chainalysis/)
    * [About ChainalysisChainalysis is the blockchain data platform.](/company/)
    * [CareersChainalysis is growing fast, globally. Join us today.](/careers/)
    * [Chainalysis Government Solutions](/government/)
    * [Partner Directory](https://partner.chainalysis.com/English/directory/)
    * [Become a Partner](https://partner.chainalysis.com/English/)

Subscribe to our weekly newsletter

Thank you for subscribing to the Chainalysis weekly newsletter.

Solutions

  * [Platform](https://www.chainalysis.com/platform/)
  * [Crypto Investigations Solution](https://www.chainalysis.com/solution/crypto-investigations/)
  * [Crypto Risk Solution](https://www.chainalysis.com/solution/crypto-risk/)
  * [Web3 Growth Solution ](https://www.chainalysis.com/solution/web3-growth/)
  * [Blockchain Intelligence](https://www.chainalysis.com/blockchain-intelligence/)
  * [Transpose](https://www.chainalysis.com/transpose/)
  * [Free Sanctions Screening](https://www.chainalysis.com/free-cryptocurrency-sanctions-screening-tools/)

Industries

  * [Law Enforcement](https://www.chainalysis.com/law-enforcement/)
  * [Centralized Exchanges](https://www.chainalysis.com/centralized-exchanges/)
  * [Financial Institutions](https://www.chainalysis.com/financial-institutions/)
  * [Tax Agencies](https://www.chainalysis.com/tax-agencies/)
  * [Regulators](https://www.chainalysis.com/regulators/)
  * [Decentralized Finance](https://www.chainalysis.com/solutions/defi/)
  * [Consumer Brands](https://www.chainalysis.com/consumer-brands/)

Careers

  * [Open Positions](https://www.chainalysis.com/careers/job-openings/)

Company

  * [About Us](https://www.chainalysis.com/company/)
  * [Chainalysis Partner Locator](https://partner.chainalysis.com/english/directory/)
  * [Become a Chainalysis Partner](https://partner.chainalysis.com/English/)

Contact Us

  * [Sales](mailto:sales@chainalysis.com)
  * [Media](mailto:media@chainalysis.com)

Resources

  * [Blog](https://www.chainalysis.com/blog/)
  * [Webinars](https://www.chainalysis.com/webinars/)
  * [Podcast](https://www.chainalysis.com/blog/category/podcast/)
  * [Reports](https://www.chainalysis.com/reports/)

Services

  * [Investigations & Special Programs](https://www.chainalysis.com/crypto-investigations-and-special-programs/)
  * [Training & Certification](https://www.chainalysis.com/chainalysis-certification-programs/)

[![Chainalysis Linkedin](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/11/icon-linkedin-
lightblue.svg)](https://www.linkedin.com/company/chainalysis/)[![Chainalysis
Twitter](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/10/icon-footer-
twitter-x-blue.svg)](https://twitter.com/chainalysis)[![Chainalysis
YouTube](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/11/icon-youtube-
lightblue.svg)](https://www.youtube.com/c/Chainalysis)[![Chainalysis
Telegram](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/03/icon-
telegram-lightblue.svg)](https://t.me/chainalysisinc)

© 2024, Chainalysis

  * [Privacy Policy](https://www.chainalysis.com/privacy-policy/)

  * [Legal](https://www.chainalysis.com/legal/)

Change region

  * [English](https://www.chainalysis.com/blog/category/company-news/)
  * [日本語](https://www.chainalysis.com/ja/blog/category/company-news/)
  * [한국어](https://www.chainalysis.com/ko/blog/category/company-news/)
  * [Español](https://www.chainalysis.com/es/blog/category/company-news/)
  * [Deutsch](https://www.chainalysis.com/de/blog/category/company-news/)

[Blog](/blog/)

#  Company News

[ ![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/05/fedramp-
announcement-blog-800x347.png) Company News  Chainalysis Achieves In Process
FedRAMP® Status, Furthering Our Commitment to US Public Sector May 3, 2024
Chainalysis, the leader in blockchain intelligence, and Chainalysis Government
Solutions (CGS), Chainalysis’ wholly-owned subsidiary focused on U.S.
government customers, today… ](https://www.chainalysis.com/blog/in-process-
fedramp-status/) [ ![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-
content/uploads/2024/04/blog-header-800x400.png) Company News  Executive
Corner: Welcoming Daniel Marshall as VP of Global Services April 30, 2024  We
are thrilled to announce that Daniel Marshall has joined Chainalysis as our
new Vice President of Global Services. Daniel…
](https://www.chainalysis.com/blog/daniel-marshall-vp-services/) [
![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/04/links-
day-1-rush-0187-kris-tripplaar-800x533.jpg) Company News  Day 2 of Chainalysis
Links NYC 2024: Stablecoins, Tokenization Paving the Way for an On-chain
Future April 11, 2024  On the second day of Links NYC 2024, world-class
leaders from finance, crypto, and the public sector convened to share…
](https://www.chainalysis.com/blog/day-2-of-chainalysis-links-nyc-2024/) [
![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/04/links-
day-1-rush-0009-kris-tripplaar-800x534.jpg) Company News  Day 1 of Chainalysis
Links NYC 2024: Collaboration Powers the Future of Innovation April 10, 2024
In the spirit of bringing together the public and private sectors, Day 1 of
Chainalysis Links NYC 2024 explored the…
](https://www.chainalysis.com/blog/links-nyc-2024-day1/) [
![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/04/court-
min-800x450.jpg) Company News  Bitcoin Fog Case Confirms Chainalysis Analytics
is Reliable and Admissible in Court April 8, 2024  Last month, a Washington,
D.C. jury decided that Roman Sterlingov was indeed the individual who ran the
Bitcoin Fog mixer,… ](https://www.chainalysis.com/blog/bitcoin-fog-daubert-
hearing-chainalysis/) [ ![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-
content/uploads/2024/04/jim-lee-blog-1-800x400.jpg) Company News  Former IRS-
CI Chief Jim Lee: Why I’m Joining Chainalysis April 8, 2024  After 29 years,
including more than three as Chief of the IRS-CI, my last day of government
service was March… ](https://www.chainalysis.com/blog/former-chief-jim-lee-
joining-chainalysis/) [ ![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-
content/uploads/2024/04/chainalysis-platform-blog-header-800x340.png) Company
News  Ten Years of Innovating with our Customers April 4, 2024  Chainalysis
celebrates its 10th birthday this spring, and we’re reflecting on how far
we’ve come with our customers and how…
](https://www.chainalysis.com/blog/chainalysis-launches-new-solutions/) [
![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/06/hr-stories-
beige-800x400.png) Company News  Chainalysis & Huron Collaborate to Create
One-Stop Shop for Digital Asset Services and Investigations March 28, 2024
Chainalysis, the industry-leading blockchain analysis company, and Huron, a
global professional services firm, are excited to announce they’re working
together… ](https://www.chainalysis.com/blog/chainalysis-huron-collaborate-to-
create-one-stop-shop-for-digital-asset-services-and-investigations/) [
![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/02/linkedin-exec-
announcement-kevin-obrien-800x418.png) Company News  Kevin O’Brien named
President of Chainalysis Government Solutions February 5, 2024  Chainalysis is
excited to announce that as of today, Kevin O’Brien will serve as the
President of Chainalysis Government Solutions…
](https://www.chainalysis.com/blog/kevin-obrien-named-president-of-
chainalysis-government-solutions/) [ ![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-
content/uploads/2024/01/data-accuracy-min-800x400.jpg) Company News  The Data
Accuracy Flywheel: How Chainalysis Consistently Identifies and Verifies
Blockchain Entities January 16, 2024  We believe that cryptocurrency is the
future. As our CEO Michael Gronager explained in a recent blog post, we
expect… ](https://www.chainalysis.com/blog/chainalysis-data-accuracy/) [
![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/06/hr-stories-
orange-800x400.png) Company News  KPMG in Canada and Chainalysis team up to
help organizations combat illicit crypto transactions November 22, 2023  With
the ongoing threat of crypto fraud and criminals growing more sophisticated
every day, organizations need ever-powerful solutions to help…
](https://www.chainalysis.com/blog/kpmg-in-canada-and-chainalysis-alliance/) [
![Two women shaking hands over a desk](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-
content/uploads/2023/09/handshake-800x533.jpg) Company News  The New
Chainalysis Partner Program: Accelerating Success in the Crypto Ecosystem
September 18, 2023  Blockchain is powering a growing ecosystem and we’re
refreshing the Chainalysis Partner Program to meet its demands. In the last…
](https://www.chainalysis.com/blog/new-chainalysis-partner-program/) [
![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/08/data-platform-blog-
header-4-800x347.png) Company News  Launching Our Next Generation Data
Platform to Scale Blockchain and Asset Support August 22, 2023  One of our
primary goals is to support every blockchain and every interaction. Today,
layer 2s and rollups are the… ](https://www.chainalysis.com/blog/next-
generation-data-platform-chainalysis/) [ ![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-
content/uploads/2023/07/chainalysisalliance-deloitte-800x450.png) Company News
Deloitte and Chainalysis Announce Alliance to Provide Digital Asset Data and
Analytics Solutions and Services July 25, 2023  The alliance will provide
public and private organizations with bespoke solutions and specialized
services related to risk, compliance, and investigations.
](https://www.chainalysis.com/blog/deloitte-and-chainalysis-alliance/) [
![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/06/commerce-
min-800x547.jpg) Company News  Introducing Coinbase Commerce to Allow Our
Customers to Pay with Variety of Digital Assets, Including DeFi Tokens June
12, 2023  We are excited to announce that we’ve integrated Coinbase Commerce
so that our customers can conveniently settle their invoices using…
](https://www.chainalysis.com/blog/chainalysis-coinbase-commerce/)

## Posts navigation

1 [2](https://www.chainalysis.com/blog/category/company-news/page/2/)
[3](https://www.chainalysis.com/blog/category/company-news/page/3/) …
[7](https://www.chainalysis.com/blog/category/company-news/page/7/)
[8](https://www.chainalysis.com/blog/category/company-news/page/8/)

![websights](https://ws.zoominfo.com/pixel/Na6GzfmL0i0pW4qWYEKS)

## Cookies

When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your
browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you,
your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as
you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but
it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your
right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on
the different category headings to find out more and change our default
settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience
of the site and the services we are able to offer.  
[More information](https://www.chainalysis.com/privacy-policy/)

Allow All

###  Manage Consent Preferences

#### Strictly Necessary Cookies

Always Active

Strictly Necessary Cookies

These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched
off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by
you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy
preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block
or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then
work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.

#### Performance Cookies

Performance Cookies

These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure
and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are
the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All
information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If
you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our
site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.

#### Functional Cookies

Functional Cookies

These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and
personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose
services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then
some or all of these services may not function properly.

#### Targeting Cookies

Targeting Cookies

These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They
may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show
you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal
information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet
device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted
advertising.

Confirm My Choices

[](https://www.onetrust.com/products/cookie-consent/)

Back Button

Back

### Performance Cookies

Vendor Search Search Icon Filter Icon

Clear Filters

Information storage and access

Apply

Consent Leg.Interest

All Consent Allowed

Select All Vendors

Select All Vendors

All Consent Allowed

Confirm My Choices

[](https://www.onetrust.com/products/cookie-consent/)

When you visit our website, it may store or retrieve information on your
browser, mostly in the form of cookies. By clicking “Accept All Cookies”, you
agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation,
analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts. Because we respect
your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies.
Click on the "Cookie Settings" to find out more and change our default
settings.

Cookies Settings Accept All Cookies

![](https://t.co/i/adsct?bci=3&eci=2&event_id=215e1230-2dd4-4f31-b3ad-9bb01a2061e9&events=%5B%5B%22pageview%22%2C%7B%7D%5D%5D&integration=advertiser&p_id=Twitter&p_user_id=0&pl_id=0f51a660-cbb2-47e6-8dcd-22b24801425d&tw_document_href=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.chainalysis.com%2Fblog%2Fcategory%2Fcompany-
news%2F&tw_iframe_status=0&tw_order_quantity=0&tw_sale_amount=0&txn_id=o942f&type=javascript&version=2.3.30)![](https://analytics.twitter.com/i/adsct?bci=3&eci=2&event_id=215e1230-2dd4-4f31-b3ad-9bb01a2061e9&events=%5B%5B%22pageview%22%2C%7B%7D%5D%5D&integration=advertiser&p_id=Twitter&p_user_id=0&pl_id=0f51a660-cbb2-47e6-8dcd-22b24801425d&tw_document_href=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.chainalysis.com%2Fblog%2Fcategory%2Fcompany-
news%2F&tw_iframe_status=0&tw_order_quantity=0&tw_sale_amount=0&txn_id=o942f&type=javascript&version=2.3.30)

