[](https://www.binance.com/en)

[Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/crypto/buy)

[Markets](https://www.binance.com/en/markets/overview)

Trade

Basic

  * [SpotBuy and sell on the Spot market with advanced tools](https://www.binance.com/en/trade/BTC_USDT?type=spot)
  * [MarginIncrease your profits with leverage](https://www.binance.com/en/trade?type=cross)
  * [P2PBuy & sell cryptocurrencies using bank transfer and 800+ options](https://p2p.binance.com/en)
  * [Convert & Block TradeThe easiest way to trade at all sizes](https://www.binance.com/en/convert)

Advanced

  * [Trading BotsTrade smarter with our various automated strategies - easy, fast and reliable](https://www.binance.com/en/trading-bots)
  * [Copy TradingFollow the most popular traders](https://www.binance.com/en/copy-trading)
  * [APIsUnlimited opportunities with one key](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-api)

[Futures](https://www.binance.com/en/futures/home)

  * [USDⓈ-M FuturesContracts settled in USDT and USDC](https://www.binance.com/en/futures)
  * [COIN-M FuturesContracts settled in cryptocurrency](https://www.binance.com/en/delivery)
  * [OptionsUSDT Options with limited downside and affordable entry](https://www.binance.com/en/eoptions)

[Earn](https://www.binance.com/en/earn)

[Square](https://www.binance.com/en/square)

  * [SquareStay informed with everything crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/square)
  * [Academy (Learn & Earn)Earn crypto by learning about blockchain](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn)
  * [BlogExpand your knowledge and get the latest insights](https://www.binance.com/en/blog)
  * [ResearchInstitutional-grade analysis, in-depth insights, and more](https://www.binance.com/en/research)

More

  * [VIP & InstitutionalYour trusted digital asset platform for VIPs and institutions](https://www.binance.com/en/vip-institutional-services)
  * [Launchpad & LaunchpoolDiscover and gain access to new token launches](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)
  * [MegadropLock your BNB and complete Web3 quests for boosted airdrop rewards](https://www.binance.com/en/megadrop)
  * [Mining PoolMine more rewards by connecting to the pool](https://pool.binance.com/en)
  * [PaySend, receive and spend crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/payment)
  * [LoansGet an instant loan secured by crypto assets](https://www.binance.com/en/loan)

  * [NFTExplore NFTs from creators worldwide](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/home)
  * [Fan TokenDiscover an all-new fandom and unlock unlimited fan experiences](https://www.binance.com/en/fan-token)
  * [Web3 WalletMeet the next-generation Web3 wallet](https://www.binance.com/en/web3wallet)
  * [BNB ChainThe most popular blockchain to build your own dApp](https://www.bnbchain.org)
  * [CharityBlockchain empowers charity to be more transparent, efficient, and traceable](https://www.binance.charity)

[Log
In](https://accounts.binance.com/en/login?loginChannel=blog&return_to=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYmluYW5jZS5jb20vZW4vYmxvZy9jaGFyaXR5L2JpbmFuY2UtY2hhcml0eS1jaGF0cy1jcnlwdG8tZG9uYXRpb25zLWFuZC1ob3BlLWZvci1oYWl0aXMtZWFydGhxdWFrZS1yZXNwb25zZS02MjUwODcwMDY0MDY1OTU1ODU2P2xhbmc9ZW4%3D)[Sign
Up](https://accounts.binance.com/en/register?registerChannel=blog&return_to=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYmluYW5jZS5jb20vZW4vYmxvZy9jaGFyaXR5L2JpbmFuY2UtY2hhcml0eS1jaGF0cy1jcnlwdG8tZG9uYXRpb25zLWFuZC1ob3BlLWZvci1oYWl0aXMtZWFydGhxdWFrZS1yZXNwb25zZS02MjUwODcwMDY0MDY1OTU1ODU2P2xhbmc9ZW4%3D)

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/images/common/logo.png)

Scan to Download App IOS & Android

[More Download
Options](https://www.binance.com/en/download?utm_source=&utm_campaign=)

##### [Binance Blog](/blog)

# Binance Charity Chats: Crypto Donations And Hope For Haiti’s Earthquake
Response

2023-07-06

## Main Takeaways

  * Binance Charity Chats is a Twitter interview series exploring Web3’s positive impacts. 

  * In the premiere episode of Binance Charity Chats, we interviewed Skyler Badenoch from Hope for Haiti to discuss the work involved in earthquake response and relief.

  * Hope for Haiti is a nonprofit organization that aims to improve the quality of life for Haitian people. Read on to understand the work involved in disaster relief.

_Discover how the nonprofit organization Hope for Haiti used crypto donations
and blockchain technology to aid relief efforts in the wake of a deadly
earthquake._

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20230706/d3d208f4-cc22-43a4-a306-d300727d9984.png)

In the first episode of Binance Charity Chats, Deputy Director Elizabeth Li
talked with Skyler Badenoch, CEO of Hope for Haiti, about the vital resources
and steps needed for earthquake relief. They discussed how blockchain can help
expedite humanitarian efforts, emphasizing the potential to improve
efficiency, transparency, and impact in disaster response and recovery.

Binance Charity Chats is a Twitter interview series where we assemble an array
of experts to discuss one thing: Web3 as a force for good. Read about the
insightful discussion as Elizabeth and Skyler delve into the intersection of
technology and humanitarian work.

## Hope for Haiti

 _“Hope for Haiti has been looking to improve systems of education,
healthcare, vital infrastructure, water, and economic opportunity.”_ – Skyler
Badenoch, Hope for Haiti CEO

In 2021, a devastating earthquake with a magnitude of 7.2 hit Haiti, resulting
in the collapse of buildings, infrastructure damage, and significant loss of
life. In the aftermath, an urgent need arose for essential resources, such as
temporary field hospitals, to provide medical care and support to the injured.

This is where Hope for Haiti stepped in, diligently working to address these
critical needs and providing vital assistance to those affected by the
earthquake.

From running mobile clinics to partnering with organizations like Binance
Charity, Skyler and his team have been quick to provide aid and assistance to
affected communities.

Skyler said, “People are trying to figure out how to get access to basic human
needs — food, water, access to shelter.” With the resources Hope for Haiti
received, the team worked in the field to provide free medicine and supplies
to help Haitians rebuild their lives.

During the interview call, the Hope for Haiti CEO took the viewers to see the
mobile clinic that was set up and shared that free medicine was being
distributed to patients.

“We’re going to do our best to support the communities that we serve,” Skyler
added.

## Accountability

 _“We’ve been doing it with high standards of governance, transparency, and
accountability to make sure that anybody who donates money to us knows that
we’re accounting for every dollar we receive.”_ – Skyler Badenoch, Hope for
Haiti CEO

[ _Tackling the lack of trust_](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/charity/how-
cryptocurrency-and-web3-are-reshaping-philanthropy-6029424232491504454) is a
challenge that the philanthropic sector has long sought to address.
Fortunately, blockchain’s decentralized and immutable nature allows for
transparent tracking of donations from the point of contribution to their
final utilization. With blockchain, the entire lifecycle of a donation can be
recorded and verified, ensuring that funds are allocated and used as intended.

Donors can have greater confidence in their contributions, knowing they can
verify the impact and track the flow of funds in real time. This level of
transparency can foster trust between charities and donors, encouraging more
individuals to contribute to worthy causes.

Furthermore, smart contracts powered by blockchain can automate the execution
of donation agreements, ensuring that funds are distributed based on
predefined conditions and eliminating the need for intermediaries. The risk of
corruption or mismanagement is reduced as the distribution process becomes
transparent, auditable, and free from human error.

Donors can have peace of mind knowing their contributions are being utilized
efficiently and effectively, while charities can showcase their responsible
handling of funds. Ultimately, blockchain technology has the potential to
revolutionize the way nonprofits operate, bringing greater transparency,
accountability, and trust to the world of charitable donations.

## Binance Charity’s Response

The earthquake caused significant destruction and loss of life, further
exacerbating the challenges faced by Haitian families already dealing with
political unrest, resource shortages, economic insecurity, and the impact of
COVID-19.

On August 23, [_Binance Charity joined forces with Hope for
Haiti_](https://www.binance.charity/posts/21/-Binance-Charity-partners-with-
Hope-for-Haiti-in-emergency-appeal-for-disaster-relief-) to launch an
emergency appeal following the devastating earthquake that struck Haiti. We
aimed to raise 100,000 USD in funds from the cryptocurrency community to
support relief efforts, starting with the 50,000 USD in BTC that Binance
Charity donated.

“Binance Charity’s incredible generosity in the wake of the devastating
earthquake will directly enable our team to provide essential relief, support,
and continuous assistance to Haitian families in the greater south of Haiti,”
said Skyler.

Donations could be made online, with 100% of the proceeds going directly to
Hope for Haiti. The funds helped provide medical support, clean water access,
financial assistance, and infrastructure rehabilitation in the affected areas.

With the natural disaster wrecking Haitian families, every bit of support is
essential. “Our entire organization is grateful for their support and that of
the cryptocurrency community,” [_shared
Skyler_](https://www.binance.charity/posts/Binance-Charity-partners-with-Hope-
for-Haiti-in-emergency-appeal-for-disaster-relief).

Rebuilding lives in the aftermath of a natural disaster takes significant time
and resources. Help affected communities by [_donating to a Binance Charity
project today_](https://www.binance.charity/projects).

## Catch Binance Charity Chats

From enhancing accountability to providing alternate avenues of giving,
blockchain has the potential to change how charitable giving works. Want to
know more about the intersection of blockchain and philanthropy? The full
[_Binance Charity Chat: Hope for Haiti live
stream_](https://twitter.com/BinanceBCF/status/1433807044880994305?s=20) can
be found online.

Follow us on[
](https://twitter.com/BinanceBCF)[_Twitter_](https://twitter.com/BinanceBCF)
to catch the latest episodes of Binance Charity Chats.

## Further Reading

  * [ _Binance Charity Annual Report 2022_](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/charity/binance-charity-annual-report-2022-7239200814435124521)

  * [ _Binance Charity Chats: UNICEF Luxembourg and the Horn of Africa_](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/charity/binance-charity-chats-unicef-luxembourg-and-the-horn-of-africa-2910492745694573989)

  * [ _Here’s What You Missed at Binance Talks: Charity & Blockchain_](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/charity/heres-what-you-missed-at-binance-talks-charity--blockchain-8353007038045252246)

195,052,201 users chose us. Find out why today.

Register Now

Like this post

###### Share Post

Article Outlines

Binance Charity Chats: Crypto Donations And Hope For Haiti’s Earthquake
Response

Main Takeaways

Hope for Haiti

Accountability

Binance Charity’s Response

Catch Binance Charity Chats

Further Reading

195,052,201 users chose us. Find out why today.

Register Now

### Community

[](https://discord.gg/jE4wt8g2H2)[](https://www.binance.com/en/community)[](https://www.tiktok.com/@binance?lang=en)[](https://www.facebook.com/binance)[](https://twitter.com/binance)[](https://www.reddit.com/r/binance)[](https://www.instagram.com/Binance/)[](https://coinmarketcap.com/exchanges/binance/)[](https://www.youtube.com/binanceyoutube)[](https://www.binance.com/en/community)

English

English

العربية

العربية (البحرين)

български

Čeština

Dansk

Deutsch (Schweiz)

Ελληνικά

English (UAE)

English (Australia)

English (Bahrain)

English (India)

English (Japan)

English (Kazakhstan)

English (Nigeria)

English (New Zealand)

English (South Africa)

Español (España)

Español (Argentina)

Español (Latinoamérica)

Español (México)

Français

Français (Afrique)

magyar nyelv

Bahasa Indonesia

Italiano

日本語

Қазақша (Қазақстан)

Қазақша

ລາວ

latviešu valoda

Polski

Português

Português (Brasil)

Română

Русский

Русский (Казахстан)

Русский (Украина)

සිංහල

Slovenčina

Slovenščina

Svenska

Türkçe

Українська

Tiếng Việt

简体中文

繁體中文

USD-$

USD-$

AED-د.إ

ARS-ARS$

AUD-A$

BDT-৳

BGN-лв

BHD-.د.ب

BOB-$b

BRL-R$

CAD-C$

CHF-CHF

CNY-¥

COP-COL$

CZK-Kč

DKK-KR

EGP-E£

EUR-€

GBP-£

HKD-HKD

HRK-kn

HUF-Ft

IDR-Rp

INR-₹

JPY-¥

KES-KSh

KWD-ك.د

KZT-₸

MAD-م.د.

MNT-₮

MXN-Mex$

NZD-NZ$

OMR-ر.ع.

PEN-S/.

PHP-₱

PKR-₨

PLN-zł

QAR-ر.ق

RON-lei

RUB-₽

SAR-ر.س

SEK-kr

THB-฿

TRY-₺

TWD-NT$

UAH-₴

UGX-USh

VES-Bs

VND-₫

ZAR-R

Theme

English

USD

Theme

### About Us

  * [About](https://www.binance.com/en/about)
  * [Careers](https://www.binance.com/en/careers)
  * [Announcements](https://www.binance.com/en/support/announcement)
  * [News](https://www.binance.com/en/square/news/all)
  * [Press](https://www.binance.com/en/press)
  * [Legal](https://www.binance.com/en/legal/home)
  * [Terms](https://www.binance.com/en/terms)
  * [Privacy](https://www.binance.com/en/about-legal/privacy-portal)
  * [Building Trust](https://www.binance.com/en/land/building_trust)
  * [Blog](https://www.binance.com/en/blog)
  * [Community](https://www.binance.com/en/community)
  * [Sitemap](https://www.binance.com/en/country-region-selector)
  * [Risk Warning](https://www.binance.com/en/risk-warning)
  * [Notices](https://www.binance.com/en/support/list/notices)
  * [Downloads](https://www.binance.com/en/download)
  * [Desktop Application](https://www.binance.com/en/desktop-download)

### Products

  * [Exchange](https://www.binance.com/en/trade)
  * [Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/buy-sell-crypto)
  * [Leveraged Tokens](https://www.binance.com/en/leveraged-tokens/tokens/allTokens)
  * [TradingView](https://www.binance.com/en/land/tradingview)
  * [Pay](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/payment)
  * [Academy](https://academy.binance.com/en)
  * [Live](https://www.binance.com/en/live)
  * [Tax](https://www.binance.com/en/tax)
  * [Gift Card](https://www.binance.com/en/gift-card)
  * [Launchpad & Launchpool](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)
  * [Auto-Invest](https://www.binance.com/en/auto-invest)
  * [ETH Staking](https://www.binance.com/en/eth2)
  * [NFT](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/home)
  * [BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/bnb)
  * [BABT](https://www.binance.com/en/BABT?source=footer)
  * [Research](https://www.binance.com/en/research)
  * [Charity](https://www.binance.charity)

### Business

  * [P2P Merchant Application](https://c2c.binance.com/en/merchantApplication)
  * [P2Pro Merchant Application](https://p2p.binance.com/en/p2pro)
  * [Listing Application](https://www.binance.com/en/my/coin-apply)
  * [Institutional & VIP Services](https://www.binance.com/en/vip-institutional-services)
  * [Labs](https://labs.binance.com/)

### Learn

  * [Learn & Earn](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn)
  * [Browse Crypto Prices](https://www.binance.com/en/price)
  * [Bitcoin Price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/bitcoin)
  * [Ethereum Price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/ethereum)
  * [Browse Crypto Price Predictions](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction)
  * [Bitcoin Price Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction/bitcoin)
  * [Ethereum Price Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction/ethereum)
  * [Buy Bitcoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bitcoin)
  * [Buy BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bnb)
  * [Buy Ripple](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/xrp)
  * [Buy Dogecoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/dogecoin)
  * [Buy Ethereum](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/ethereum)
  * [Buy Tradable Altcoins](https://www.binance.com/en/altcoins/tradable)

### Service

  * [Affiliate](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/affiliate)
  * [Referral](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/referral?utm_source=Lite_web_footer)
  * [OTC Trading](https://www.binance.com/en/otc)
  * [Historical Market Data](https://www.binance.com/en/landing/data)
  * [Proof of Reserves](https://www.binance.com/en/proof-of-reserves)

### Support

  * [24/7 Chat Support](https://www.binance.com/en/chat?sourceEntry=4)
  * [Support Center](https://www.binance.com/en/support)
  * [Product Feedback & Suggestions](https://www.binance.com/en/my/user-support/feedback/entry)
  * [Fees](https://www.binance.com/en/fee/schedule)
  * [APIs](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-api)
  * [Binance Verify](https://www.binance.com/en/official-verification)
  * [Trading Rules](https://www.binance.com/en/trade-rule)
  * [Binance Airdrop Portal](https://www.binance.com/en/airdrop)
  * [Law Enforcement Requests](https://www.binance.com/en/support/law-enforcement)

Binance© 2024Cookie Preferences

