[](https://www.binance.com/en)

[Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/crypto/buy)

[Markets](https://www.binance.com/en/markets/overview)

Trade

Basic

  * [SpotBuy and sell on the Spot market with advanced tools](https://www.binance.com/en/trade/BTC_USDT?type=spot)
  * [MarginIncrease your profits with leverage](https://www.binance.com/en/trade?type=cross)
  * [P2PBuy & sell cryptocurrencies using bank transfer and 800+ options](https://p2p.binance.com/en)
  * [Convert & Block TradeThe easiest way to trade at all sizes](https://www.binance.com/en/convert)

Advanced

  * [Trading BotsTrade smarter with our various automated strategies - easy, fast and reliable](https://www.binance.com/en/trading-bots)
  * [Copy TradingFollow the most popular traders](https://www.binance.com/en/copy-trading)
  * [APIsUnlimited opportunities with one key](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-api)

[Futures](https://www.binance.com/en/futures/home)

  * [USDⓈ-M FuturesContracts settled in USDT and USDC](https://www.binance.com/en/futures)
  * [COIN-M FuturesContracts settled in cryptocurrency](https://www.binance.com/en/delivery)
  * [OptionsUSDT Options with limited downside and affordable entry](https://www.binance.com/en/eoptions)

[Earn](https://www.binance.com/en/earn)

[Square](https://www.binance.com/en/square)

  * [SquareStay informed with everything crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/square)
  * [Academy (Learn & Earn)Earn crypto by learning about blockchain](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn)
  * [BlogExpand your knowledge and get the latest insights](https://www.binance.com/en/blog)
  * [ResearchInstitutional-grade analysis, in-depth insights, and more](https://www.binance.com/en/research)

More

  * [VIP & InstitutionalYour trusted digital asset platform for VIPs and institutions](https://www.binance.com/en/vip-institutional-services)
  * [Launchpad & LaunchpoolDiscover and gain access to new token launches](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)
  * [MegadropLock your BNB and complete Web3 quests for boosted airdrop rewards](https://www.binance.com/en/megadrop)
  * [Mining PoolMine more rewards by connecting to the pool](https://pool.binance.com/en)
  * [PaySend, receive and spend crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/payment)
  * [LoansGet an instant loan secured by crypto assets](https://www.binance.com/en/loan)

  * [NFTExplore NFTs from creators worldwide](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/home)
  * [Fan TokenDiscover an all-new fandom and unlock unlimited fan experiences](https://www.binance.com/en/fan-token)
  * [Web3 WalletMeet the next-generation Web3 wallet](https://www.binance.com/en/web3wallet)
  * [BNB ChainThe most popular blockchain to build your own dApp](https://www.bnbchain.org)
  * [CharityBlockchain empowers charity to be more transparent, efficient, and traceable](https://www.binance.charity)

[Log
In](https://accounts.binance.com/en/login?loginChannel=&return_to=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYmluYW5jZS5jb20vZW4vcmlzay13YXJuaW5n)[Sign
Up](https://accounts.binance.com/en/register?registerChannel=&return_to=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYmluYW5jZS5jb20vZW4vcmlzay13YXJuaW5n)

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/images/common/logo.png)

Scan to Download App IOS & Android

[More Download
Options](https://www.binance.com/en/download?utm_source=&utm_campaign=)

# General Risk Warning

### A. How to interpret this Risk Warning

All terms used in this notice, which are defined in the Binance Terms of Use
(the “**Terms of Use** ”), have the same meaning and construction as in the
Terms of Use..

### B. Binance Services

This notice provides you with information about the risks associated with
Binance Services. Each Binance Service has its own distinct risks. This notice
provides a general description of the risks when you use Binance Services.

This notice does not explain all of the risks or how such risks relate to your
personal circumstances. It is important that you fully understand the risks
involved before making a decision to use Binance Services.

### C. No Personal Advice

We do not provide personal advice in relation to our products or services. We
sometimes provide factual information, information about transaction
procedures and information about the potential risks. However, any decision to
use our products or services is made by you. No communication or information
provided to you by Binance is intended as, or shall be considered or construed
as, investment advice, financial advice, trading advice, or any other sort of
advice. You are solely responsible for determining whether any investment,
investment strategy or related transaction is appropriate for you according to
your personal investment objectives, financial circumstances and risk
tolerance.

### D. No Monitoring

Binance is not your broker, intermediary, agent, or advisor and has no
fiduciary relationship or obligation to you in connection with any trades or
other decisions or activities undertaken by you using Binance Services. We do
not monitor whether your use of Binance Services is consistent with your
financial goals and objectives. It is up to you to assess whether your
financial resources are adequate for your financial activity with us, and to
your risk appetite in the products and services you use.

### E. No Tax, Regulatory or Legal Advice

The taxation of Digital Assets is uncertain, and you are responsible for
determining what taxes you might be liable to, and how they apply, when
transacting through the Binance Services. It is your responsibility to report
and pay any taxes that may arise from transacting on the Binance Services, and
you acknowledge that Binance does not provide legal or tax advice relative to
these transactions. If you have any doubts about your tax status or
obligations when using Binance Services, or with respect to the Digital Assets
held to the credit of your Binance account, you may wish to seek independent
advice.

You acknowledge that, when, where and as required by applicable legislation,
Binance shall report information regarding your transactions, transfers,
distributions or payments to tax or other public authorities. Similarly, when,
where and as required by applicable law, Binance shall withhold taxes related
to your transactions, transfers, distributions or payments. Applicable
legislation could also prompt Binance to request you for additional tax
information, status, certificates or documentation. You acknowledge that
failure to answer these requests within the timeframe defined, may result in
withholding taxes by Binance, to be remitted to tax authorities as defined by
relevant law. You are encouraged to seek professional and personal tax advice
regarding the above and before making any digital asset transaction.

### F. Market Risks

Digital Asset trading is subject to high market risk and price volatility.
Changes in value may be significant and may occur rapidly and without warning.
Past performance is not a reliable indicator of future performance. The value
of an investment and any returns can go down as well as up, and you may not
get back the amount you had invested.

### G. Liquidity risk

Digital Assets may have limited liquidity which may make it difficult or
impossible for you to sell or exit a position when you wish to do so. This may
occur at any time, including at times of rapid price movements.

### H. Fees & Charges

Our fees and charges are set out
[here](https://www.binance.com/en/www.binance.com/en/fee/schedule). Binance
may, in its discretion, update the fees & charges from time to time. Please be
aware of all costs and charges that apply to you, because such costs and
charges will affect the gains you generate from using Binance Services.

### I. Availability Risk

We do not guarantee that the Binance Services will be available at any
particular time or that Binance Services will not be subject to unplanned
service outages or network congestion. It may not be possible for you to buy,
sell, store, transfer, send or receive Digital Assets when you wish to do so.

There are legal requirements in various countries which may restrict the
products and services that Binance can lawfully provide. Accordingly, some
products and services and/or certain functionality within the Platform may not
be available or may be restricted in certain jurisdictions or regions or to
certain Users and any Binance campaigns, user competitions or other promotions
will not be open to (and are not targeted at or intended for) Users to whom
restrictions apply. Users are responsible for informing themselves about and
observing any restrictions and/or requirements imposed with respect to the
access to and use of the Platform and the Binance Services in each
jurisdiction from which the Platform and the Binance Services are accessed by
or on behalf of the User. Binance reserves the right to change, modify or
impose additional restrictions with respect to the access to and use of the
Platform and/or the Binance Services from time to time in its sole discretion
without notification.

### J. Third Party Risk

Third parties, such as payment providers, custodians, and banking partners may
be involved in the provision of Binance Services. You may be subject to the
terms & conditions of these third parties, and Binance may not be responsible
for any loss that these third parties may cause to you.

### K. Security Risk

It is not possible for Binance to eliminate all security risks. You are
responsible for keeping your Binance Account password safe, and you may be
responsible for all the transactions under your Binance Account, whether you
authorised them or not. Transactions in Digital Assets may be irreversible,
and losses due to fraudulent or unauthorised transactions may not be
recoverable.

### L. Risks related to Digital Assets

Given the nature of Digital Assets and their underlying technologies, there
are a number of intrinsic risks, including but not limited to:

  1. faults, defects, hacks, exploits, errors, protocol failures or unforeseen circumstances occurring in respect of a Digital Asset or the technologies or economic systems on which the Digital Asset rely;

  2. transactions in Digital Assets being irreversible. Consequently, losses due to fraudulent or accidental transactions may not be recoverable;

  3. technological development leading to the obsolescence of a Digital Asset;

  4. delays causing a transactions not be settled on the scheduled delivery date; and

  5. attacks on the protocol or technologies on which a Digital Asset depends, including, but not limited to: i. distributed denial of service; ii. sybil attacks; iii. phishing; iv. social engineering; v. hacking; vi. smurfing; vii. malware; viii. double spending; ix. majority-mining, consensus-based or other mining attacks; x. misinformation campaigns; xi. forks; and xii. spoofing.

### M. Monitoring Risks

Digital Asset markets are open 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. Rapid price
changes may occur at any time, including outside of normal business hours.

### N. Communication Risks

When you communicate with us via electronic communication, you should be aware
that electronic communications can fail, can be delayed, may not be secure
and/or may not reach the intended destination.

### O. Currency

Currency exchange fluctuations will impact your gains and losses.

### P. Legal Risk

Changes in laws and regulations may materially affect the value of Digital
Assets. This risk is unpredictable and may vary from market to market.

### Community

[](https://discord.gg/jE4wt8g2H2)[](https://www.binance.com/en/community)[](https://www.tiktok.com/@binance?lang=en)[](https://www.facebook.com/binance)[](https://twitter.com/binance)[](https://www.reddit.com/r/binance)[](https://www.instagram.com/Binance/)[](https://coinmarketcap.com/exchanges/binance/)[](https://www.youtube.com/binanceyoutube)[](https://www.binance.com/en/community)

English

English

العربية

العربية (البحرين)

български

Čeština

Dansk

Deutsch (Schweiz)

Ελληνικά

English (UAE)

English (Australia)

English (Bahrain)

English (India)

English (Japan)

English (Kazakhstan)

English (Nigeria)

English (New Zealand)

English (South Africa)

Español (España)

Español (Argentina)

Español (Latinoamérica)

Español (México)

Français

Français (Afrique)

magyar nyelv

Bahasa Indonesia

Italiano

日本語

Қазақша (Қазақстан)

Қазақша

ລາວ

latviešu valoda

Polski

Português

Português (Brasil)

Română

Русский

Русский (Казахстан)

Русский (Украина)

සිංහල

Slovenčina

Slovenščina

Svenska

Türkçe

Українська

Tiếng Việt

简体中文

繁體中文

USD-$

USD-$

AED-د.إ

ARS-ARS$

AUD-A$

BDT-৳

BGN-лв

BHD-.د.ب

BOB-$b

BRL-R$

CAD-C$

CHF-CHF

CNY-¥

COP-COL$

CZK-Kč

DKK-KR

EGP-E£

EUR-€

GBP-£

HKD-HKD

HRK-kn

HUF-Ft

IDR-Rp

INR-₹

JPY-¥

KES-KSh

KWD-ك.د

KZT-₸

MAD-م.د.

MNT-₮

MXN-Mex$

NZD-NZ$

OMR-ر.ع.

PEN-S/.

PHP-₱

PKR-₨

PLN-zł

QAR-ر.ق

RON-lei

RUB-₽

SAR-ر.س

SEK-kr

THB-฿

TRY-₺

TWD-NT$

UAH-₴

UGX-USh

VES-Bs

VND-₫

ZAR-R

Theme

English

USD

Theme

### About Us

  * [About](https://www.binance.com/en/about)
  * [Careers](https://www.binance.com/en/careers)
  * [Announcements](https://www.binance.com/en/support/announcement)
  * [News](https://www.binance.com/en/square/news/all)
  * [Press](https://www.binance.com/en/press)
  * [Legal](https://www.binance.com/en/legal/home)
  * [Terms](https://www.binance.com/en/terms)
  * [Privacy](https://www.binance.com/en/about-legal/privacy-portal)
  * [Building Trust](https://www.binance.com/en/land/building_trust)
  * [Blog](https://www.binance.com/en/blog)
  * [Community](https://www.binance.com/en/community)
  * [Sitemap](https://www.binance.com/en/country-region-selector)
  * [Risk Warning](https://www.binance.com/en/risk-warning)
  * [Notices](https://www.binance.com/en/support/list/notices)
  * [Downloads](https://www.binance.com/en/download)
  * [Desktop Application](https://www.binance.com/en/desktop-download)

### Products

  * [Exchange](https://www.binance.com/en/trade)
  * [Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/buy-sell-crypto)
  * [Leveraged Tokens](https://www.binance.com/en/leveraged-tokens/tokens/allTokens)
  * [TradingView](https://www.binance.com/en/land/tradingview)
  * [Pay](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/payment)
  * [Academy](https://academy.binance.com/en)
  * [Live](https://www.binance.com/en/live)
  * [Tax](https://www.binance.com/en/tax)
  * [Gift Card](https://www.binance.com/en/gift-card)
  * [Launchpad & Launchpool](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)
  * [Auto-Invest](https://www.binance.com/en/auto-invest)
  * [ETH Staking](https://www.binance.com/en/eth2)
  * [NFT](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/home)
  * [BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/bnb)
  * [BABT](https://www.binance.com/en/BABT?source=footer)
  * [Research](https://www.binance.com/en/research)
  * [Charity](https://www.binance.charity)

### Business

  * [P2P Merchant Application](https://c2c.binance.com/en/merchantApplication)
  * [P2Pro Merchant Application](https://p2p.binance.com/en/p2pro)
  * [Listing Application](https://www.binance.com/en/my/coin-apply)
  * [Institutional & VIP Services](https://www.binance.com/en/vip-institutional-services)
  * [Labs](https://labs.binance.com/)

### Learn

  * [Learn & Earn](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn)
  * [Browse Crypto Prices](https://www.binance.com/en/price)
  * [Bitcoin Price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/bitcoin)
  * [Ethereum Price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/ethereum)
  * [Browse Crypto Price Predictions](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction)
  * [Bitcoin Price Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction/bitcoin)
  * [Ethereum Price Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction/ethereum)
  * [Buy Bitcoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bitcoin)
  * [Buy BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bnb)
  * [Buy Ripple](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/xrp)
  * [Buy Dogecoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/dogecoin)
  * [Buy Ethereum](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/ethereum)
  * [Buy Tradable Altcoins](https://www.binance.com/en/altcoins/tradable)

### Service

  * [Affiliate](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/affiliate)
  * [Referral](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/referral?utm_source=Lite_web_footer)
  * [OTC Trading](https://www.binance.com/en/otc)
  * [Historical Market Data](https://www.binance.com/en/landing/data)
  * [Proof of Reserves](https://www.binance.com/en/proof-of-reserves)

### Support

  * [24/7 Chat Support](https://www.binance.com/en/chat?sourceEntry=4)
  * [Support Center](https://www.binance.com/en/support)
  * [Product Feedback & Suggestions](https://www.binance.com/en/my/user-support/feedback/entry)
  * [Fees](https://www.binance.com/en/fee/schedule)
  * [APIs](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-api)
  * [Binance Verify](https://www.binance.com/en/official-verification)
  * [Trading Rules](https://www.binance.com/en/trade-rule)
  * [Binance Airdrop Portal](https://www.binance.com/en/airdrop)
  * [Law Enforcement Requests](https://www.binance.com/en/support/law-enforcement)

Binance© 2024Cookie Preferences

We use "Strictly Necessary" cookies to keep our site reliable and secure. We’d
like to set additional cookies to understand site usage, make site
improvements, to remember your settings and to assist in our marketing
efforts.

Manage Cookies Reject Additional Cookies Accept Cookies & Continue

![Company Logo](https://cdn.cookielaw.org/logos/99f99939-5a0d-4feb-
aef3-ba45f16b6907/5bfb9945-c83c-46f9-8bd7-55e8fd1975b5/02e50907-93f6-477d-a8a2-d581dace49c2/binance-h.png)

## Privacy Preference Center

We use cookies to collect data which improves your experience while you
navigate through the website. Because we respect your right to privacy, you
can choose not to allow some types of cookies. The information does not
usually directly identify you but it might be about you, your preferences or
your device and is mostly used to improve the site making the site work as you
expect it to whilst giving you a personalised experience. Of course, we do all
this with your consent and in complete transparency. The cookies that are
categorized as "Strictly Necessary" are on by default and are stored on your
browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities and
security of the website. You can choose to enable or disable some or all of
the additional cookies if they are present, but disabling some of them may
affect your browsing experience.  
[Cookie Policy](https://www.binance.com/en/cookie-privacy)

Allow All

###  Manage Consent Preferences

#### Strictly Necessary Cookies

Always Active

These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched
off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by
you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy
preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block
or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then
work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.

Cookies Details‎

#### Functional Cookies

Functional Cookies

These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and
personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose
services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then
some or all of these services may not function properly.

Cookies Details‎

#### Targeting Cookies

Targeting Cookies

Targeting cookies may be set through our site by ourselves and our advertising
partners. First parties and third parties will use them to build a profile of
your interests based on the browsing information they collect from you, which
includes uniquely identifying your browser and terminal equipment. If you do
not allow these cookies you will still see basic advertising on your browser
that is generic and not based on your interests

Cookies Details‎

#### Performance Cookies

Performance Cookies

These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure
and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are
the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All
information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If
you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our
site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.

Cookies Details‎

Back Button

### Cookie List

Search Icon

Filter Icon

Clear

checkbox label label

Apply Cancel

Consent Leg.Interest

checkbox label label

checkbox label label

checkbox label label

Reject Additional Cookies Confirm My Choices

[![Powered by
Onetrust](https://cdn.cookielaw.org/logos/static/powered_by_logo.svg)](https://www.onetrust.com/products/cookie-
consent/)

