  * **Wallet**[**Mobile App** The world of Web3 in your pocket](/download)[**Browser Extension** An optimized Web3 experience for desktop](/browser-extension)
  * **Features**[**Swaps** Swap securely and seamlessly](/swap)[**Staking** Earn crypto rewards while securing networks](/staking)[**NFTs** Explore the world of NFTs](/nft)[**Security** Learn how we keep your assets & Web3 journey safe](/security)[**Buy Crypto** Buy crypto in under five minutes](/buy-crypto)[**SWIFT: Smart Contract Wallet** Explore Web3 easily with account abstraction features](/swift)
  * **Build**[**Developer Docs** Get guides for building powerful Web3 applications](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/)[**Wallet Core** Open-source, mobile-focused crypto wallet library](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/wallet-core)[**Submit dApp** Get your dApp in front of millions](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-dapps)[**Get assets listed** Elevate your asset’s exposure](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-assets)
  * **Support**[**FAQ** Get answers to your most pressing questions](https://community.trustwallet.com/c/helpcenter/8)[**Community Forum** Connect with our vibrant and diverse community](https://community.trustwallet.com/)[**Contact Us** Reach out for personalized support](https://support.trustwallet.com/en/support/home)
  * **About**[**About Us** Discover who we are and what drives us](/about-us)[**Careers** Join us in shaping the future of Web3](/careers)[**Press Kit** Download our official logo and other media assets](/press)[**Blog** Stay up-to-date on Web3 trends and insights](/blog)[**Terms of Service** What you need to know to use our services](/terms-of-service)[**Privacy Policy** Your privacy matters, learn how we protect it](/privacy-policy)

DarkLightLanguage

[Download Trust Wallet](/download)

[](/)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.4edbb099.svg)[**Mobile App** The world
of Web3 in your pocket](/download)[**Browser Extension** An optimized Web3
experience for desktop](/browser-extension)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.e7c57d68.svg)[**Swaps** Swap securely
and seamlessly](/swap)[**Staking** Earn crypto rewards while securing
networks](/staking)[**NFTs** Explore the world of NFTs](/nft)[**Security**
Learn how we keep your assets & Web3 journey safe](/security)[**Buy Crypto**
Buy crypto in under five minutes](/buy-crypto)[**SWIFT: Smart Contract
Wallet** Explore Web3 easily with account abstraction features](/swift)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.b373ab3f.svg)[**Developer Docs** Get
guides for building powerful Web3
applications](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/)[**Wallet Core**
Open-source, mobile-focused crypto wallet
library](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/wallet-core)[**Submit
dApp** Get your dApp in front of
millions](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-dapps)[**Get
assets listed** Elevate your asset’s
exposure](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-assets)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.1211abf0.svg)[**FAQ** Get answers to
your most pressing
questions](https://community.trustwallet.com/c/helpcenter/8)[**Community
Forum** Connect with our vibrant and diverse
community](https://community.trustwallet.com/)[**Contact Us** Reach out for
personalized support](https://support.trustwallet.com/en/support/home)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.9a6dd06f.svg)[**About Us** Discover who
we are and what drives us](/about-us)[**Careers** Join us in shaping the
future of Web3](/careers)[**Press Kit** Download our official logo and other
media assets](/press)[**Blog** Stay up-to-date on Web3 trends and
insights](/blog)[**Terms of Service** What you need to know to use our
services](/terms-of-service)[**Privacy Policy** Your privacy matters, learn
how we protect it](/privacy-policy)

[](/)

WalletFeaturesBuildSupportAbout

Language

[Download](/download)

[Home](/)  >  [Blog](/blog)  >
[Cryptocurrency](/blog?category=Cryptocurrency)  >  [Bitcoin Halving April
2024: What to Expect](/blog/bitcoin-halving-april-2024)

##### Cryptocurrency

# Bitcoin Halving April 2024: What to Expect

Published on: Feb 8, 2024

##### Share post

[](https://facebook.com/trustwalletapp)[](https://github.com/trustwallet)[](https://instagram.com/trustwallet)[](https://twitter.com/trustwallet)[](https://discord.gg/trustwallet)[](https://reddit.com/r/trustapp)[](https://t.me/trustwallet)

  * **What is Bitcoin (BTC)?**
  * **What is a Bitcoin Halving?**
  * **The Purpose of Bitcoin Halvings**
  * **Historical Perspective on Bitcoin Halvings**
  * **What to Expect in the April 2024 Bitcoin Halving**

##### In Brief

In this article, you will learn about the upcoming Bitcoin Halving in April
2024. Gain an understanding of its history, impact on the supply, and
potential effects on the cryptocurrency market.

![Bitcoin Halving April 2024: What to
Expect](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2F2024_bitcoin_halving_0ff42cd47a.png&w=3840&q=75)

In the fast-evolving world of Web3 and crypto,
[Bitcoin](https://trustwallet.com/bitcoin-wallet) remains a popular
cornerstone. This is especially true with the dawn of [Bitcoin
ETFs](https://trustwallet.com/blog/bitcoin-etf). Among its many features, the
process known as "Bitcoin halving" stands out for its significant impact on
the currency's economics and potentially its price. As we approach the next
Bitcoin halving in April 2024, anticipation is building. But what exactly is
the halving, and what can we expect when it occurs? This blog aims to
demystify the [Bitcoin halving](https://trustwallet.com/blog/bitcoin-halving-
why-they-happen-and-why-you-should-care), explore its implications for miners
and the market, and look back at historical trends to inform our expectations
for 2024.

## What is Bitcoin (BTC)?

[Bitcoin](https://trustwallet.com/bitcoin-wallet), the first decentralized
digital currency, was introduced to the world by an anonymous entity or group
known as Satoshi Nakamoto. This innovative currency operates on a peer-to-peer
network, enabling direct transactions between users without the need for
intermediaries like banks or governments. At the heart of Bitcoin is
blockchain technology, a type of distributed ledger that records all
transactions across a network of computers. This technology ensures the
security, transparency, and integrity of transaction data, making
[Bitcoin](https://trustwallet.com/buy-crypto/bitcoin) not just a currency but
a revolutionary approach to financial systems.

### The Core Features of Bitcoin

**Decentralization:** Unlike traditional currencies,
[Bitcoin](https://trustwallet.com/bitcoin-wallet) operates on a decentralized
network of computers spread across the globe. This decentralization means no
single entity controls Bitcoin, contributing to its resilience and continued
operation even in the face of regulatory challenges.

**Limited Supply:** Bitcoin's supply is capped at 21 million coins, a rule set
by its underlying algorithm to prevent inflation. This scarcity mimics that of
precious metals like gold, contributing to Bitcoin's description as 'digital
gold.'

**Blockchain Technology:** Bitcoin's blockchain is a public ledger that
records all transactions. It's maintained by a network of nodes (computers)
that validate and timestamp transactions into blocks, which are then
cryptographically linked together. This process ensures that once a
transaction is recorded, it cannot be altered or deleted, providing a high
level of security and trust.

**Mining and Halving:** Bitcoin mining involves using computer power to solve
complex mathematical problems, validating transactions, and securing the
network. Miners are rewarded with new bitcoins, incentivizing their
participation. However, to control inflation and the rate at which new
bitcoins are generated, Bitcoin undergoes a "halving" approximately every four
years, where the reward for mining a block is cut in half. This mechanism
gradually reduces the rate of new Bitcoin creation until the total supply
reaches 21 million.

### Exploring Bitcoin with Trust Wallet

Before we dive into the intricacies of the Bitcoin halving, remember that you
can buy, sell, and manage Bitcoin (BTC) with Trust Wallet. Trust Wallet can be
downloaded as a mobile app, or you can install the Trust Wallet Extension for
your desktop browser. For this guide, we'll focus on creating a new wallet
using the Trust Wallet mobile app.

[![Download-Trust-Wallet-Button.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2FDownload_Trust_Wallet_Button_3b2b015a21.png&w=3840&q=75)](https://short.trustwallet.com/TW-
blog)

## What is a Bitcoin Halving?

[Bitcoin halving](https://trustwallet.com/blog/bitcoin-halving-why-they-
happen-and-why-you-should-care) is a built-in feature of Bitcoin's protocol
that reduces the reward for mining new blocks by half. This event occurs
approximately every four years, or after 210,000 blocks have been mined. The
halving mechanism is designed to control the supply of Bitcoin, mimicking the
scarcity and deflationary attributes of precious metals like gold. By reducing
the reward for mining, the halving event slows down the rate at which new
bitcoins are created, ensuring that the total supply will never exceed 21
million coins.

![2024-bitcoin-halving-1.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2F2024_bitcoin_halving_1_cd72408449.png&w=3840&q=75)

## The Purpose of Bitcoin Halvings

The halving process serves several key purposes:

  * **Control Inflation:** By decreasing the rate at which new bitcoins are generated, halving helps control inflation, ensuring the cryptocurrency remains a deflationary asset.

  * **Scarcity:** It reinforces the scarcity of Bitcoin, which can have implications for its value, as seen in traditional supply and demand dynamics.

  * **Rewards for Miners:** Although the immediate effect is a reduction in rewards for miners, the historical increase in Bitcoin's price post-halving has often compensated for the reduced block reward.

## Historical Perspective on Bitcoin Halvings

Since its creation, Bitcoin has undergone several halvings, each marking a
significant milestone in its journey and impacting the broader cryptocurrency
market. These events have historically led to fluctuations in Bitcoin's price,
though it's important to remember that past performance is not a reliable
indicator of future results. Let's take a closer look at each halving event
and its aftermath:

### First Halving (2012)

  * **Date:** November 2012

  * **Pre-Halving Reward:** 50 BTC

  * **Post-Halving Reward:** 25 BTC

**Market Impact:** The first Bitcoin halving reduced the reward for mining a
block from 50 to 25 bitcoins. Leading up to the event, Bitcoin's price was
relatively modest but began to show signs of movement. In the year following
the halving, the price experienced a significant rally, climbing from about
$12 in November 2012 to over $1,100 in November 2013. This marked Bitcoin's
first major bull run, highlighting the potential impact of reduced supply on
price appreciation.

### Second Halving (2016)

  * **Date:** July 2016

  * **Pre-Halving Reward:** 25 BTC

  * **Post-Halving Reward:** 12.5 BTC

**Market Impact:** The second halving saw the block reward drop to 12.5
bitcoins. The price of Bitcoin at the time of the halving was around $650. The
event is widely credited with kickstarting the bull run of 2017, during which
Bitcoin's price soared to nearly $20,000 by December. This period was
characterized by a surge in public interest and media coverage of
cryptocurrency, further fueling the price increase.

### Third Halving (2020)

  * **Date:** May 2020

  * **Pre-Halving Reward:** 12.5 BTC

  * **Post-Halving Reward:** 6.25 BTC

**Market Impact:** The reward for mining a block was further reduced to 6.25
bitcoins. Leading up to the halving, Bitcoin's price was around $8,000.
Following the halving, Bitcoin entered another significant bull market phase,
with its price eventually peaking at over $60,000 in April 2021. This rally
was accompanied by a growing interest in digital currencies from both retail
and institutional investors, as well as increasing acceptance of Bitcoin as a
form of payment and investment by major companies.

Each of these halvings has been a catalyst for increased speculative interest,
investment, and discussion around Bitcoin. The anticipation of reduced supply
tends to lead to bullish sentiment in the months leading up to the halving,
although the actual market response can vary based on a wide array of factors,
including global economic conditions, regulatory news, and technological
developments within the blockchain space.

## What to Expect in the April 2024 Bitcoin Halving

As the crypto community braces for the fourth Bitcoin halving in April 2024,
the anticipation builds around how this event will shape the landscape of
Bitcoin mining, its market value, and the broader implications for the crypto
ecosystem. The reduction of the block reward to 3.125 BTC will mark another
milestone in Bitcoin's programmed journey towards its 21 million coin cap,
emphasizing the scarcity that underpins its value proposition. Here, we delve
deeper into the potential outcomes of this pivotal event:

### Adjustment Period for Miners

**Immediate Impact:** The halving will slash miners' rewards by half,
instantly affecting their profitability. This seismic shift will necessitate
adjustments in operational strategies. Miners with access to cheap electricity
and more efficient mining hardware will find themselves at a distinct
advantage. The increased cost of production could lead to a temporary decrease
in mining activity as less efficient miners are squeezed out, potentially
increasing block times temporarily until the network difficulty adjusts.

![2024-bitcoin-halving-2.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2F2024_bitcoin_halving_2_cf68e8e865.png&w=3840&q=75)

**Network Security and Centralization Concerns:** As rewards decrease, there's
a potential concern regarding network security. If a significant number of
miners shut off their machines, the network hash rate would drop,
theoretically making Bitcoin more susceptible to attacks. However, historical
halvings have shown the network's resilience, with hash rate eventually
rebounding as miners adjust. The event also poses a risk of further
centralizing mining operations in the hands of those who can afford the most
efficient technologies and lowest operational costs, a trend that the
community watches closely.

### Will Bitcoin (BTC) Go Up After Halving?

**Anticipation and Speculation:** The lead-up to the halving is often rife
with speculation, as investors try to predict how the event will affect
Bitcoin's price. Historical precedents suggest a tendency for Bitcoin's price
to rise in the months preceding a halving, as traders and investors anticipate
the reduced supply growth. However, it's crucial to approach these patterns
with caution, as the crypto market is influenced by a myriad of factors beyond
the halving itself, including regulatory developments, technological
advancements, and macroeconomic trends.

**Potential for Volatility:** Given the speculative interest, the period
surrounding the halving could see increased price volatility. Investors should
be prepared for potential swings as the market digests the impact of the
reduced block reward on the supply-demand equilibrium.

### Long-term Implications

**Scarcity and Price:** In the long run, the halving reinforces Bitcoin's
scarcity, a fundamental aspect that attracts many to Bitcoin as "digital
gold." The reduced pace at which new bitcoins are created could, if demand
continues to grow, exert upward pressure on the price. However, this effect is
not immediate and unfolds over the months and years following a halving.

**Innovation and Sustainability:** The pressure on miners to maintain
profitability may also spur innovation in mining technology and sustainable
energy sources. As mining rewards diminish, the incentive to seek out cheaper,
more sustainable energy sources becomes even more pronounced. This trend could
have positive implications for the environmental impact of Bitcoin mining.

**Adoption and Market Maturation:** The halving event also serves as a
periodic reminder of Bitcoin's unique economic model, potentially driving
interest and adoption among new users. As Bitcoin continues to mature, its
halving events could play a role in its wider acceptance as a store of value
and investment asset.

### Conclusion

The Bitcoin halving of April 2024 is poised to be a watershed moment for the
[cryptocurrency](https://trustwallet.com), with far-reaching implications for
miners, investors, and the broader market. While past halvings have been
associated with significant price rallies, it's important to approach this
event with a comprehensive understanding of Bitcoin's unique economic model
and the multitude of factors that influence its market. As always, prudent
research and a balanced investment approach are recommended when navigating
the ever-evolving crypto space.

And if you want to buy, sell, or HODL your Bitcoin (BTC) safely, check out
Trust Wallet, which is the [crypto
wallet](https://trustwallet.com/blog/crypto-wallet) used by millions of people
around the world. It’s the most used mobile wallet, and is also available as
the Trust Wallet [browser extension](https://trustwallet.com/browser-
extension) for desktop computers.

[![Download-Trust-Wallet-Button.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2FDownload_Trust_Wallet_Button_3b2b015a21.png&w=3840&q=75)](https://short.trustwallet.com/TW-
blog)

Join the Trust Wallet community on [Telegram](https://rebrand.ly/TW-Telegram-
Announcements) Follow us on [X (formerly Twitter)](https://rebrand.ly/TW-
Twitter-Blog) [Instagram](https://rebrand.ly/TW-Insta-Blog)
[Facebook](https://rebrand.ly/TW-FB-Blog) [Reddit](https://rebrand.ly/TW-
Reddit-Blog)

> **Note:** Any cited numbers, figures, or illustrations are reported at the
> time of writing, and are subject to change.

#### Simple and convenient to use, seamless to explore

[Download Trust Wallet](/download)

##### Stay Connected:

[](https://facebook.com/trustwalletapp)[](https://github.com/trustwallet)[](https://instagram.com/trustwallet)[](https://twitter.com/trustwallet)[](https://discord.gg/trustwallet)[](https://reddit.com/r/trustapp)[](https://t.me/trustwallet)

  * **Wallet**[Mobile App](/download)[Browser Extension](/browser-extension)
  * **Features**[Buy Crypto](/buy-crypto)[Swaps](/swap)[Staking](/staking)[NFTs](/nft)[Security](/security)[SWIFT: Smart Contract Wallet](/swift)
  * **Build**[Developer Docs](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/)[Wallet Core](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/wallet-core)[Submit dApp](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-dapps)[Get assets listed](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-assets)
  * **Support**[FAQ](https://community.trustwallet.com/c/helpcenter/8)[Community Forum](https://community.trustwallet.com/)[Contact Us](https://support.trustwallet.com/en/support/home)
  * **About**[About Us](/about-us)[Careers](/careers)[Press Kit](/press)[Terms of Service](/terms-of-service)[Privacy Policy](/privacy-policy)[Blog](/blog)
  * ![A-LIGN ISO 27701](/_next/static/media/image.8354ab2c.svg)![A-LIGN ISO 27001](/_next/static/media/image.7f0b3bc9.svg)

**Download Trust Wallet**

The most trusted & secure crypto wallet.

[Download for iOS](https://apps.apple.com/app/apple-
store/id1288339409?mt=8)[Download
Extension![Chrome](/_next/static/media/raw.7dd85797.svg)](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/trust-
wallet/egjidjbpglichdcondbcbdnbeeppgdph)[Download APK](/download/apk)[Download
for Android![App
Store](/_next/image?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Fimage.5ee64b2e.png&w=256&q=75)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.wallet.crypto.trustapp)

