Metaco.com will be sunset as of June 7, 2024

[Learn more](https://ripple.com/solutions/digital-asset-custody/ "Learn more")

Skip to main content

[![Metaco](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/logo.svg?x88149)![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/logo-w.svg?x88149)](https://www.metaco.com)

  * Solutions __

__Solutions

Solutions

    * [__Global Custodians Build tomorrow's market infrastructure ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/global-custodians-top-tier-banks/)
    * [__Universal Banks Satisfy demand for new asset classes ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/universal-banks/)
    * [__Neobanks & FintechsFind new routes to monetization ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/neobanks-fintechs/)
    * [__Regulated Exchanges Grow volumes and profit margins ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/regulated-exchanges/)
    * [__Corporates Boost customer loyalty and engagement ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/corporates/)

  * Platform __

__Platform

Platform

Deploy ambitious digital asset use cases with the most secure and versatile
infrastructure.

    * [__Harmonize™ Platform Overview Issue, store, trade, transfer, settle and service any type of digital asset. ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/harmonize/)
    * [__Custody Hot, warm and institutional cold storage ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/custody/)
    * [__Trading Powerful order execution, funding and settlement ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/trading/)
    * [__Web3 Web3 Portal spanning NFTs, DeFi and DApps ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/web3/)
    * [__Governance Entirely customizable risk and compliance controls ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/governance/)
    * [__Orchestration A single source of truth for managing all digital assets ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/orchestration/)
    * [__Tokenization Asset-agnostic smart contract management framework ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/tokenization/)
    * [__Integration Fully integrable platform following enterprise standards ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/integration/)
    * [__Security Highest protection against insider and external threats ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/security/)

  * Company __

__Company

Company

    * [__About](https://www.metaco.com/company/about/)
    * [__Media & news](https://www.metaco.com/company/media-coverage-press-releases/)
    * [__Careers](https://www.metaco.com/careers/)

  * Resources __

__Resources

Resources

    * [__Talks](https://www.metaco.com/resources/talks/)
    * [__Webinars](https://www.metaco.com/resources/webinars/)
    * [__Case studies](https://www.metaco.com/resources/case-studies/)
    * [__Reports](https://www.metaco.com/resources/reports/)
    * [__Blog](https://www.metaco.com/resources/blog/)

[Contact](https://www.metaco.com/contact/ "Contact")

Integration

# **Integrate our platform** deeply into your service

Easily deploy and integrate custody and orchestration capabilities into your
existing infrastructure, with complete freedom to build on top of it.

[Get up and running now](https://www.metaco.com/contact/ "Get up and running
now")

## **Ready** to be used or integrated

Consume Harmonize as you wish, via its own dedicated graphical user interface
or deeply integrated  
into your existing infrastructure via the fully fledged API and integration
framework.

  * __

### Graphical User Interface (GUI)

A web platform and a mobile application ready to be used by business users and
IT admins.

  * __

### Integration framework

Fully-documented rich RESTful API, SDKs and Postman collections offering
complete freedom to build on top.

![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/01/integrations-api-
docs-1-1280x1280.png?x88149)

  * ### **Simplified developer experience**

Get onboarded fast by leveraging our full OpenAPI specification, sandboxes,
'Getting Started' guides, walkthroughs, toolkits and Postman collections with
end-to-end scenarios and real-life examples.

  * ### **Future-proof architecture model**

Maintain sovereignty over your roadmap and independently build robust
capabilities, customizations and integrations by leveraging our component-
based architecture and rich SDKs.

[Access documentation](https://www.metaco.com/contact/ "Access documentation")

  * ### **Deployment agnostic**

Choose the productive deployment option that fits your target operating model,
from on-premise, to private clouds or full SaaS, with seamless migration if
and when required.

  * ### **Broadest ecosystem**

Leverage existing pre-integrations in Harmonize with leading core banking
systems, portfolio management systems, compliance and chain analysis tools,
order execution and management systems, trading venues and DeFi apps.

![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/01/integration-
ready-1280x1280.png?x88149)

  * ![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/12/ankush-zutshi.jpg?x88149)

Testimonials

“We are excited to partner with **Metaco** to provide a unified, integrated
solution for the secure orchestration of digital asset workflows and the
safekeeping of digital assets along with traditional ones.”

![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/12/sp-global-
intelligence.png?x88149)

Ankush Zutshi

VP, Corporate Actions and Securities Processing at S&P Global Intelligence

[Learn more about the partnership](https://www.metaco.com/press-release/ihs-
markit-partners-with-metaco-to-provide-a-unified-post-trade-processing-
solution-for-digital-and-traditional-assets/ "Learn more about the
partnership")

## **Access** documentation

Discover our APIs, integration guides, cookbooks  
and key principles on how the Metaco platform works.

[Request access](https://www.metaco.com/contact/ "Request access")

![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/footer.png?x88149)

[![Metaco](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/logo-w.svg?x88149)](https://www.metaco.com)

  * [Solutions](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/)
    * [Global Custodians](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/global-custodians-top-tier-banks/)
    * [Universal Banks](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/universal-banks/)
    * [Neobanks & Fintechs](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/neobanks-fintechs/)
    * [Regulated Exchanges](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/regulated-exchanges/)
    * [Corporates](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/corporates/)
  * [Platform](https://www.metaco.com/platform/)
    * [Harmonize™](https://www.metaco.com/platform/harmonize/)
    * [Custody](https://www.metaco.com/platform/custody/)
    * [Trading](https://www.metaco.com/platform/trading/)
    * [Web3](https://www.metaco.com/platform/web3/)
    * [Governance](https://www.metaco.com/platform/governance/)
    * [Orchestration](https://www.metaco.com/platform/orchestration/)
    * [Tokenization](https://www.metaco.com/platform/tokenization/)
    * [Integration](https://www.metaco.com/platform/integration/)
    * [Security](https://www.metaco.com/platform/security/)
  * [Company](https://www.metaco.com/company/media-coverage-press-releases/)
    * [About](https://www.metaco.com/company/about/)
    * [Media & news](https://www.metaco.com/company/media-coverage-press-releases/)
    * [Jobs](https://www.metaco.com/jobs/)
  * [Resources](https://www.metaco.com/resources/)
    * [Talks](https://www.metaco.com/resources/talks/)
    * [Webinars](https://www.metaco.com/resources/webinars/)
    * [Case studies](https://www.metaco.com/resources/case-studies/)
    * [Reports](https://www.metaco.com/resources/reports/)
    * [Blog](https://www.metaco.com/resources/blog/)

![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/10/sco2.png?x88149)![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/10/iso27001.png?x88149)

  * [__](https://www.twitter.com/metaco_sa "Twitter: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")
  * [__](https://www.linkedin.com/company/metaco-ag/ "Linkedin: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")
  * [__](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC4MLOKnJD9bXfHVXMnHM7ow "Youtube: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")
  * [__](https://open.spotify.com/show/0IiI7iftR3F3RqinfJbpRT "Spotify: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")

© 2015-2024 - Metaco SA - All Rights Reserved |[ Terms & Conditions](https://www.metaco.com/terms-conditions/) | [Privacy Policy](https://www.metaco.com/privacy-policy/) | [Cookie policy](https://www.metaco.com/cookie-policy/)

