[ New: Wallet recovery made easy with Ledger Recover, provided by Coincover
Get started ](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-recover)

Our Website now exists in . Do you want to change languages?

Yes, please No, I'm good

You can revert to English at any time by clicking on the language menu on the
top right corner of the page.

[ ![Ledger](https://www.ledger.com/wp-
content/themes/ledger-v2/public/images/ledger-logo-long.svg)
](https://www.ledger.com "Ledger")

  * Products
    * [Ledger Stax](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-stax "Ledger Stax")
    * [Ledger Nano X](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-nano-x "Ledger Nano X")
    * [Ledger Nano S Plus](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-nano-s-plus "Ledger Nano S Plus")
    * [Compare our devices](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/hardware-wallets-comparison "Compare our devices")
    * [Packs](https://shop.ledger.com/#category-bundle "Packs")
    * [Accessories](https://shop.ledger.com/#category-accessories "Accessories")
    * [Collaborations](https://www.ledger.com/collaborations "Collaborations")
    * [See all products](https://shop.ledger.com "See all products")
    * [Download Ledger Live](https://www.ledger.com/ledger-live "Download Ledger Live")
    * [Supported crypto](https://www.ledger.com/supported-crypto-assets "Supported crypto")
  * App and services
    * [Ledger Live](https://www.ledger.com/ledger-live "Ledger Live")
    * [Ledger Recover](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-recover "Ledger Recover")
    * [CL Card](https://www.ledger.com/cl-card "CL Card")
    * [Supported Services](https://www.ledger.com/supported-services "Supported Services")
    * [Crypto Prices](https://www.ledger.com/coin/price "Crypto Prices")
  * Learn
    * [Ledger Academy](https://www.ledger.com/academy "Ledger Academy")
    * [Learn and Earn](https://quest.ledger.com/ "Learn and Earn")
    * [Classroom](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-web-30-everything-you-need-to-know "Classroom")
    * [Blog](/blog "Blog")
    * [What is a crypto wallet](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/2-how-to-own-crypto/what-is-a-crypto-wallet "What is a crypto wallet")
    * [How to Buy](https://www.ledger.com/buy "How to Buy")
    * [How to Swap](https://www.ledger.com/swap "How to Swap")
    * [How to Stake](https://www.ledger.com/staking "How to Stake")
  * For Business
    * [Ledger Enterprise Solutions](https://enterprise.ledger.com?utm_source=mainsite&utm_medium=header "Ledger Enterprise Solutions")
    * [Ledger Partners](/partners "Ledger Partners")
    * [Ledger Co-branded Partnership](https://co-branded.ledger.com/ "Ledger Co-branded Partnership")
  * [For Developers](https://developers.ledger.com/ "For Developers")
  * [Support](https://support.ledger.com/hc "Support")
  * English
    * This page is available in English only

[__](https://shop.ledger.com/cart "Ledger Shop")

__

[Blog](https://www.ledger.com/blog-nfts-regulation-ledger-vp-of-policy-seth-
hertleins-speech-at-westminster) __[Blog
posts](https://www.ledger.com/category/blog-posts "Blog posts")

[Blog posts](https://www.ledger.com/category/blog-posts "Blog posts"), [Company](https://www.ledger.com/category/company-news "Company"), [Thought leadership](https://www.ledger.com/category/thought-leadership "Thought leadership") | 02/02/2024 

# Regulating NFTs: Ledger’s VP Policy Seth Hertlein’s Speech at Westminster

[Blog](https://www.ledger.com/blog-nfts-regulation-ledger-vp-of-policy-seth-
hertleins-speech-at-westminster) __[Blog
posts](https://www.ledger.com/category/blog-posts "Blog posts")

  
Things to know:_  
_  
---  
  
– Ledger was in London at the House of Commons in partnership with[Bright
Moments](https://twitter.com/brtmoments) where our purpose was to showcase
NFTs & blockchain art as tools for creativity, rather than merely investments.  
  
– For this occasion, [Ledger’s VP Policy Seth Hertlein delivered a speech at
Westminster in front of MPs, where he presented the
report](https://digital.insead.edu/pregulating-nfts-balancing-business-
innovation-and-societal-risks/): “Regulating NFTs: Striking the Balance
between Business Innovation and Risks”, co-written by DCGG and INSEAD.  
  
– For Seth Hertlein, “A picture is worth a thousand words, which is why we do
the work to bring NFT exhibitions into parliaments, first in Strasbourg and
now in London. Our goal is to make sure as many MPs as possible have
experienced NFTs firsthand before deciding whether or how to regulate them.”  
  
  
  
**Seth Hertlein’s Speech at Place of Westminster, London, UK, January 24,
2024:**

Good afternoon, it is an honor to be with you today. I would like to thank
Lord McNicol for sponsoring us, and DCGG and INSEAD for the excellent report
which has prompted today’s discussion.

My name is Seth Hertlein. I am the Global Head of Policy at Ledger, the
world’s leading wallet platform to secure cryptocurrency and digital assets,
including NFTs. We make these [hold up Stax].

Now, I’ll try to keep my remarks brief so we can all get to the food and
drinks. And when we do, please look for Mo from the Ledger team – can you
raise your hand, Mo?

There he is. Consider Mo your docent for the sampling of NFTs from the Ledger
Collection we have on display here today.

This exhibition, the first of its kind within Parliament, has been made
possible today with support from our partners at Bright Moments, who do a
fantastic job of bringing NFT art and culture to life, including an incredibly
popular run here in London a year or so ago.

I hope we all leave here today with a stronger feeling for how NFTs can
revolutionise traditional sectors and create new opportunities for artists,
businesses, consumers, as well as governments.

Now, you’ve already heard quite a lot about NFTs today, so I’ll only add a bit
more.

In my work, I’ve had the opportunity to talk with policymakers around the
world about NFTs, and some common misconceptions emerge from those
conversations that I hope to dispel today.

One common misconception, which I call the transitive property, goes like
this: If NFTs are crypto, and crypto is finance, then NFTs are finance. Except
that whether crypto is finance is itself quite debatable, and NFTs are even
more remote.

NFTs are simply a technical standard. The most common NFTs today adhere to the
ERC 721 standard, which ensures the non-fungibility of tokens. But, this
standard can be expressed in a multitude of ways.

Around the room today, we decided to showcase to you NFTs as art. But, NFTs
can also be used for digital identity, brand loyalty programs, supply chain
and logistics, event ticketing, land and auto title registries, anti-
counterfeiting, and loads more – none of which are financial in nature.

Importantly, none of these examples are hypothetical – each of the use cases I
just mentioned have either completed pilot programs or are in live production
today.

Which brings me to what can and should be done from a regulatory and policy
perspective.

One of my favorite Ronald Reagan quotes (and I have many) is: “The
Government’s view of the economy could be summed up in a few short phrases:
‘If it moves, tax it. If it keeps moving, regulate it. And if it stops moving,
subsidize it.’”

President Reagan meant this as criticism, but your former colleagues across
the channel in Brussels must have thought he was giving advice, because this
has been exactly their approach to most things, and particularly to crypto.

Of course, the current Administration in the US is making a proper mess of
things, too, so I’d not look there for inspiration. But, I’d note that
America’s mess is, as yet, temporary and can be cleaned up with a few
personnel changes, unlike Europe’s mess, which is rather permanent.

I point out these failings to highlight the enormous opportunity that
presently confronts the UK:  As I stand here, no major market has yet gotten
it right on crypto, meaning that the UK can still be first.

But, you have to choose to be. And, what does it mean to “get it right?”

Well, firstly, it means to do no harm. Which, brings me to another top Reagan
quote:  “The nine most terrifying words in the English language are: ‘I’m from
the government and I’m here to help.’”

Crypto and NFT technologies, and the industry building them, don’t need help –
they simply need the space to grow, to experiment, and to innovate.
Experimentation comes with risks, there’s no way around that, but taking risks
is how you win: nothing ventured; nothing gained.

I learned recently that 10% of Britons now own digital assets, and that number
is growing. It is evident that digital assets are here to stay.

If the UK gets the regulation right, this industry can be a major driver of
high-quality jobs and economic growth in a key sector of the future. But,
these jobs can be done anywhere – it is not a given that they end up here.

And, while today there is a thriving community of crypto-related startups in
the UK, such as those Lord McNicol referenced in Manchester, the damage of an
overly-burdensome regulatory regime will disproportionately fall on them
rather than on larger overseas competitors.

So, how should the UK think about getting it right? I have three
recommendations for you today:

First, don’t regulate technologies, per se – remember that NFTs are just a
technical standard – if you must, regulate how a given technology is used; not
the technology itself.

Second, start small. Regulate only what you must, as narrowly as possible. You
can always tighten later if you need to, but history has shown that once
clenched, governments are not very good at relaxing their grip.

By way of example, the EU always regulates too much, too soon, and then
endlessly wonders why its industries aren’t competitive. It’s no mystery.
Which brings me to my final Reagan quote:  “Government is not the solution to
our problem, government is the problem.” This really ought to be the EU’s
motto. Don’t let it also come to describe the UK.

And finally, be cognizant that well intentioned goals and policies of the
legislature, even those enacted into law, can easily be frustrated by
overzealous rulemaking at the agency level. This is very much the story in the
US today. So much so that the courts are increasingly stripping US agencies of
their authority because they have so far overstepped their mandates,
especially when it comes to crypto. So, keep a close eye on your regulators,
and make sure that they are, in fact, advancing the policies you intend.

The report unveiled today is a fantastic example of how expertise from groups
like the Digital Currencies Governance Group and fine academic institutions
like INSEAD can be leveraged to achieve these objectives.

I’d encourage you all to continue to rely on them going forward.

I would be delighted to talk more with each of you, so please don’t hesitate
today, or anytime. And, thank you again for the opportunity to be here today!

![](https://www.ledger.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/02/3-1024x768.jpeg)
![](https://www.ledger.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/02/1-1024x768.jpeg)
![](https://www.ledger.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/02/2-1-1024x768.webp)
![](https://www.ledger.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/02/fr-1-1024x768.webp)

[](https://www.facebook.com/Ledger/)
[__](https://www.instagram.com/ledger/)[](https://twitter.com/Ledger)
[](https://www.linkedin.com/company/ledgerhq/)
[](https://www.reddit.com/r/ledgerwallet/)
[__](https://www.tiktok.com/@ledger)

More articles

[](https://www.ledger.com/blog-cargo-checkct-our-home-made-tool-guarding-
against-timing-attacks-is-now-open-source "Cargo-checkct: our home-made tool
guarding against timing attacks is now open-source!")

[Blog posts](https://www.ledger.com/category/blog-posts "Blog posts"), [Donjon](https://www.ledger.com/category/donjon "Donjon") | 05/17/2024 

Cargo-checkct: our home-made tool guarding against timing attacks...

[Read more](https://www.ledger.com/blog-cargo-checkct-our-home-made-tool-
guarding-against-timing-attacks-is-now-open-source "Cargo-checkct: our home-
made tool guarding against timing attacks is now open-source!")

[](https://www.ledger.com/blog/device-apps-tutorials "Master Ledger Device
Apps development with step-by-step tutorials")

[Blog posts](https://www.ledger.com/category/blog-posts "Blog posts"), [Tech](https://www.ledger.com/category/tech "Tech") | 05/07/2024 

Master Ledger Device Apps development with step-by-step tutorials...

[Read more](https://www.ledger.com/blog/device-apps-tutorials "Master Ledger
Device Apps development with step-by-step tutorials")

[](https://www.ledger.com/ledger-and-samsung-strengthen-their-partnership-
providing-uncompromising-security-to-the-samsung-tv "Ledger and Samsung
Strengthen Their Partnership, Providing Uncompromising Security to the Samsung
TV ")

[Blog posts](https://www.ledger.com/category/blog-posts "Blog posts"), [Company](https://www.ledger.com/category/company-news "Company") | 04/11/2024 

Ledger and Samsung Strengthen Their Partnership, Providing Uncomp...

[Read more](https://www.ledger.com/ledger-and-samsung-strengthen-their-
partnership-providing-uncompromising-security-to-the-samsung-tv "Ledger and
Samsung Strengthen Their Partnership, Providing Uncompromising Security to the
Samsung TV ")

### Stay in touch

Announcements can be found in our blog. Press contact:  
[media@ledger.com](mailto:media@ledger.com)

  * [__](https://www.reddit.com/r/ledgerwallet/ "Ledger Reddit")
  * [__](https://www.facebook.com/Ledger/ "Ledger Facebook")
  * [__](https://www.instagram.com/ledger/ "Ledger Instagram")
  * [__](https://twitter.com/Ledger "Ledger Twitter")
  * [__](https://www.youtube.com/Ledger "Ledger Youtube")
  * [__](https://www.linkedin.com/company/ledgerhq "Ledger Linkedin company")
  * [__](https://www.tiktok.com/@ledger "Ledger Tiktok")
  * [__](https://discord.com/invite/ledger "Ledger Discord")

### Subscribe to our  
newsletter

New coins supported, blog updates and exclusive offers directly in your inbox

  

Enter your email

Register to newsletter

Your email address will only be used to send you our newsletter, as well as
updates and offers. You can unsubscribe at any time using the link included in
the newsletter.

[Learn more about how we manage your data and your
rights.](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/privacy-notice#ledger-newsletter)

[![](https://www.ledger.com/wp-content/themes/ledger-v2/public/images/ledger-
logo-long.svg)](https://www.ledger.com "Ledger")

  * English
    * This page is available in English only

Copyright © Ledger SAS. All rights reserved. Ledger, Ledger Stax, Ledger Nano
S, Ledger Vault, Bolos are trademarks owned by Ledger SAS.  
  
1 rue du Mail, 75002 Paris, France  
  
Payment methods  
![](/wp-content/uploads/2021/11/logo-paypal-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-crypto-s.png?v=6)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-bitpay-s.png?v=6)  
![](/wp-content/uploads/2021/11/layer1.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-visa-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-maestro-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-mastercard-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-cb-s.png?v=2)

  * Products
    * [Ledger Stax](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-stax)
    * [Ledger Nano X](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-nano-x)
    * [Ledger Nano S Plus](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-nano-s-plus)
    * [Compare our devices](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/hardware-wallets-comparison)
    * [Bundles](https://shop.ledger.com/#category-bundle)
    * [Accessories](https://shop.ledger.com/#category-accessories)
    * [All products](https://shop.ledger.com)
    * [Downloads](https://www.ledger.com/ledger-live)

  * Crypto Assets
    * [Bitcoin wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/bitcoin)
    * [Ethereum wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/ethereum)
    * [Cardano wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/cardano)
    * [XRP wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/ripple)
    * [Monero wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/monero)
    * [USDT wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/tether)
    * [See all assets](https://www.ledger.com/supported-crypto-assets)

  * Crypto Services
    * [Crypto Prices](https://www.ledger.com/coin/price)
    * [Buy crypto](https://www.ledger.com/buy)
    * [Staking crypto](https://www.ledger.com/staking)
    * [Swap crypto](https://www.ledger.com/swap)

  * For Business
    * [Ledger Enterprise Solutions](https://enterprise.ledger.com/)

  * For Startups
    * [Funding from Ledger Cathay Capital](https://www.ledger.com/cathay-ledger-fund)

  * For Developers
    * [The Developer Portal](https://developers.ledger.com/)

  * Get started
    * [Start using your Ledger device](https://www.ledger.com/start)
    * [Compatible wallets and services](https://www.ledger.com/ledger-wallets-and-services)
    * [How to buy Bitcoin](https://www.ledger.com/buy-bitcoin)
    * [Guide before buying bitcoin](https://www.ledger.com/buy-bitcoin/how)
    * [Bitcoin Hardware Wallet](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/bitcoin-hardware-wallet)

  * See also
    * [Support](https://support.ledger.com/hc)
    * [Bounty program](https://donjon.ledger.com/bounty/)
    * [Resellers](/reseller)
    * [Ledger Press Kit](https://www.ledger.com/press)
    * [Affiliates](https://www.ledgerwallet.com/affiliates/)
    * [Status](https://status.ledger.com/)
    * [Partners](/partners)

  * Careers
    * [Join us](https://www.ledger.com/career)
    * [All jobs](https://www.ledger.com/jobs)

  * About
    * [Our vision](https://www.ledger.com/blog/we-are-ledger-a-brand-vision)
    * [Ledger Academy](https://www.ledger.com/academy)
    * [The company](/the-company)
    * [The people](/the-people-behind-ledger)
    * [Diversity](https://www.ledger.com/diversity)
    * [Blog](/blog)

  * Legal
    * [Legal Center](https://www.ledger.com/legal-center)
    * [Sales Terms and Conditions](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/terms-and-conditions)
    * [Privacy Policy](https://www.ledger.com/privacy-policy)
    * [Disclaimers](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/disclaimers)

![](https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=237213137153741&ev=PageView&noscript=1)

![](https://t.co/1/i/adsct?bci=4&eci=3&event=%7B%7D&event_id=06205298-45e2-4d26-82cb-9574479bbaba&integration=gtm&p_id=Twitter&p_user_id=0&pl_id=c5e5a92a-ebd9-4f16-9a09-ac39a8d7f0ef&tw_document_href=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Fblog-
nfts-regulation-ledger-vp-of-policy-seth-hertleins-speech-at-
westminster&tw_iframe_status=0&txn_id=nzkax&type=javascript&version=2.3.30)![](https://analytics.twitter.com/1/i/adsct?bci=4&eci=3&event=%7B%7D&event_id=06205298-45e2-4d26-82cb-9574479bbaba&integration=gtm&p_id=Twitter&p_user_id=0&pl_id=c5e5a92a-ebd9-4f16-9a09-ac39a8d7f0ef&tw_document_href=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Fblog-
nfts-regulation-ledger-vp-of-policy-seth-hertleins-speech-at-
westminster&tw_iframe_status=0&txn_id=nzkax&type=javascript&version=2.3.30)

By clicking “Accept All Cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your
device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our
marketing efforts.

Cookies Settings Accept All Cookies

![Company Logo](https://cdn.cookielaw.org/logos/df21fb3f-71b8-491b-89ee-
eb777bcaf866/637ca236-af9d-4a40-815f-1b6a15af499d/ea9d9f41-35f0-4c24-9a83-1ef746863067/White_64.png)

## Privacy Preference Center

  * ### Your Privacy

  * ### Strictly Necessary Cookies

  * ### Performance Cookies

  * ### Functional Cookies

  * ### Targeting Cookies

  * ### Social Media Cookies

#### Your Privacy

When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your
browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you,
your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as
you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but
it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your
right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on
the different category headings to find out more and change our default
settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience
of the site and the services we are able to offer.  
[More information](https://cookiepedia.co.uk/giving-consent-to-cookies)

#### Strictly Necessary Cookies

Always Active

These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched
off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by
you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy
preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block
or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then
work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.

View Vendor Details‎

#### Performance Cookies

Performance Cookies

These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure
and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are
the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All
information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If
you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our
site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.

View Vendor Details‎

#### Functional Cookies

Functional Cookies

These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and
personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose
services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then
some or all of these services may not function properly.

View Vendor Details‎

#### Targeting Cookies

Targeting Cookies

These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They
may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show
you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal
information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet
device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted
advertising.

View Vendor Details‎

#### Social Media Cookies

Social Media Cookies

These cookies are set by a range of social media services that we have added
to the site to enable you to share our content with your friends and networks.
They are capable of tracking your browser across other sites and building up a
profile of your interests. This may impact the content and messages you see on
other websites you visit. If you do not allow these cookies you may not be
able to use or see these sharing tools.

View Vendor Details‎

Back Button

### Vendors List

Filter Button

Consent Leg.Interest

checkbox label label

checkbox label label

checkbox label label

Clear

checkbox label label

Apply Cancel

Confirm My Choices

Allow All

[![Powered by
Onetrust](https://cdn.cookielaw.org/logos/static/powered_by_logo.svg)](https://www.onetrust.com/products/cookie-
consent/)

![](https://bat.bing.com/action/0?ti=134633242&tm=gtm002&Ver=2&mid=e0f6c1a6-2b2d-4ac6-aa4b-34a7fc94be62&sid=07e074501cf711efa79a27f871de7dd0&vid=07e08dd01cf711efb3692f74ad787a3b&vids=1&msclkid=N&pi=918639831&lg=en-
US&sw=800&sh=600&sc=24&tl=Regulating%20NFTs%3A%20Ledger%E2%80%99s%20VP%20Policy%20Seth%20Hertlein's%20Speech%20at%20Westminster%20%7C%20Ledger&p=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Fblog-
nfts-regulation-ledger-vp-of-policy-seth-hertleins-speech-at-
westminster&r=&lt=2125&evt=pageLoad&sv=1&rn=753917)

![dot image
pixel](https://sp.analytics.yahoo.com/sp.pl?a=10000&d=Tue%2C%2028%20May%202024%2013%3A34%3A38%20GMT&n=0&b=Regulating%20NFTs%3A%20Ledger%E2%80%99s%20VP%20Policy%20Seth%20Hertlein's%20Speech%20at%20Westminster%20%7C%20Ledger&.yp=10159916&f=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Fblog-
nfts-regulation-ledger-vp-of-policy-seth-hertleins-speech-at-
westminster&enc=UTF-8&yv=1.15.1&tagmgr=gtm)

