s m a r t

w a l l e t s

a t

l i g h t s p e e d

[Squads](../)

[Protocol](../protocol)

[Extension](../extension)

[Use Cases](../use-cases)

[About](https://www.sqds.io/)

[Blog](../blog)

[](../)

Get started

# An Overview of the Solana DeFi Ecosystem (2023)

Jul 14, 2023

![solana-defi-ecosystem-state-overview-solana-defi-projects-list-ecosystem-
defi-solana-
summer](https://framerusercontent.com/images/rVTc4yu2ZCZ4qqXFy0sVEIyptc.png)

Over the past year, the Solana DeFi ecosystem has endured many trials, ranging
from hacks, network outages, the collapse of FTX, protocols sunsetting, and
liquidity drying up. Still, rather than dying under these pressures, it has
grown stronger, with committed teams and builders ready to tackle ongoing
challenges and make DeFi thrive on Solana.

If you were looking for an overview of the current Solana DeFi ecosystem, this
is the article for you. We will explore the protocols building on Solana, as
well as innovative and emerging projects that are creating financial products
"only possible on Solana," and take a look at the Solana summer season and its
_potential_ upcoming airdrops.

_Note that NFT protocols will also be covered in this article, as we believe
that NFTs are gradually evolving into a new asset class in crypto, especially
on Solana, beyond being simple âjpegsâ._

## Getting Started on Solana DeFi in 2023

For those with funds on another blockchain such as Ethereum/EVM, the easiest
way to transfer them to Solana is through centralized exchanges like Coinbase
or Kraken, or by using decentralized cross-chain solutions like [Mayan
Finance](https://mayan.finance/) (powered by Wormhole) or
[deBridge](https://debridge.finance/) which allow receiving native tokens
(rather than wrapped assets).  
  

![transfer-funds-from-eth-to-sol-bridges-mayan-debridge-cex-spl-solana-wallet-
phantom-backpack-solflare-glow-jupiter-swap-solana-tokens-buy-getting-started-
on-
solana](https://framerusercontent.com/images/y6uP0SKUXsxRkVhdBK3KTXF4OM.png)

**Buying tokens on Solana**

Once your funds are on-chain, you need to swap them for SOL, USDC, or any
other token you're interested in. Unlike on Ethereum, most people on Solana
don't directly trade with an AMM. Instead, they use
[Jupiter](https://jup.ag/), the leading DEX aggregator that sources liquidity
from AMMs like Orca and Raydium, or order books such as OpenBook and Phoenix.
Not only does Jupiter provide the best rates for swaps, but it also allows
users to create on-chain limit orders for any token. Moreover, an on-chain DCA
feature is coming soon.

**Staking opportunities**

With some SOL and SPL tokens in your wallet, you're ready to explore the
various yield opportunities available on Solana. One simple option is to earn
rewards from staking SOL. Fortunately, there are excellent liquid staking
providers like Marinade, Jito, SolBlaze, or Lido. JitoSOL
([Jito](https://www.jito.network/)), an innovative liquid staking SOL, rewards
stakers not only with emissions but also with MEV rewards generated by Jito
validators, offering a higher yield than traditional staking solutions.
[Marinade](https://marinade.finance/) is currently the largest staking
solution, with over $150 million in stake. It offers an interesting feature,
"Directed Stake", that allows users to select the validators they want to
delegate their SOL to. Another newcomer is [SolBlaze](https://solblaze.org/).
Like Marinade, it automatically stakes your SOL across many validators
according to their delegation strategy to help further decentralize Solana.
SolBlaze has also recently begun to [publicize its upcoming $BLAZE
token](https://twitter.com/solblaze_org/status/1679590152459665408) airdrop.

**Liquidity provisioning**

![solana-liquidity-amms-nft-amms-orca-raydium-tensor-magic-eden-hadeswap-
monaco-openbook-hxro-liquidity-provisioning-
solana](https://framerusercontent.com/images/lNXUmlrZhXMabxBOwTuu0J33oEw.png)

In Solana, concentrated liquidity has become the norm for AMMs, with leading
decentralized exchanges like [Raydium](https://raydium.io/) and
[Orca](https://www.orca.so/) primarily offering concentrated liquidity market
making ([CLMM](https://blog.hubbleprotocol.io/what-is-clmm/)) pools. These are
more capital efficient, offering greater liquidity for users and more fees for
traders. For example, if you've staked your SOL into mSOL or JitoSOL, you can
support users wanting to swap these tokens by providing liquidity on these
exchanges for pairs like SOL or USDC. This not only allows you to earn yield
from trading fees, but you may also benefit from additional rewards through
liquidity mining programs, like Marinade does with MNDE for mSOL pools.

Major NFT protocols on Solana also incorporate an AMM for improved NFT
trading. [Hadeswap](https://www.hadeswap.com/) has led the way in
democratizing this for major collections, followed by
[Tensor](https://www.tensor.trade/) and [Magic Eden](https://magiceden.io/).
Just as you would provide liquidity for a SOL-USDC pair, you can do the same
for NFT collections, earning fees on these marketplaces from people trading
the liquidity you've provided.

More advanced users can explore additional protocols on Solana to provide
liquidity and earn trading fees. [OpenBook](https://twitter.com/openbookdex),
which was forked from Serum by the Solana community after FTX's collapse, is
an on-chain order book frequently used by traders for on-chain limit orders
and integrated by protocols like Raydium and perpetual exchanges. Users can
also access products built on top of [Hxro](https://hxro.com/), a liquidity
layer for derivatives trading and betting applications. In the same field,
[Monaco Protocol](https://www.monacoprotocol.xyz/) is powering many betting
applications on Solana, such as BetDex.

## Expanding Your Exposure to Solana DeFi

![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/jvzmQNRuS67oiPHchOwYSUqlG4.png)

One of the best ways to create strategies in DeFi is through lending/borrowing
protocols. On Solana, the main lending protocols are Marginfi and Solend, both
of which accept various SPL assets, including liquid staked tokens (LSTs).
[Marginfi](https://www.marginfi.com/) launched their borrowing/lending product
earlier this year and recently started to gain major traction.
[Solend](https://solend.fi/), on the other hand, recently unveiled its v2,
introducing new features such as borrow weights, TWAP oracles, and outflow
rate limits.

In addition to these, other types of lending solutions are available on
Solana. [Francium](https://francium.io/) offers lending for traders to
leverage their LP positions by borrowing one or both pairs of a liquidity
position from Orca/Raydium. [Hubble](https://hubbleprotocol.io/), a great
solution for fixed rate borrowing, is a Collateralized Debt Protocol (CDP)
stablecoin, with mechanisms similar to MakerDAO (DAI) to maintain the peg of
its stablecoin. Users can deposit SOL and various SPL assets to mint USDH,
which can then be used to leverage their exposure (e.g. by swapping USDH for
SOL). For more "exotic" lending opportunities,
[Credix](https://credix.finance/) is an interesting Real-World Asset (RWA)
protocol that facilitates private credit loans on-chain, offering lending
rates for USDC that aren't correlated to the crypto market.

While NFT AMMs are well implemented on Solana, NFT traders also have the
option of leveraging other types of financial activities with their NFTs
through protocols like [Frakt](https://www.frakt.xyz/),
[Sharky](https://sharky.fi/), or [Citrus](https://citrus.famousfoxes.com/).
Here, users can lend their SOL to others who borrow it against NFTs. If the
borrower fails to repay the loan, the lender keeps the NFT. This is a very
lucrative type of DeFi product on Solana, with borrowers willing to pay APYs
as high as 240% for some collections.

**On-chain Futures with Solana Perpetual Exchanges**

Perpetual exchanges provide another avenue for lending or borrowing, and the
Solana scene is quite active in this respect.
[Drift](https://www.drift.trade/) is currently the leading perpetual exchange
by TVL and enables traders to leverage several types of cryptos such as SOL,
BTC, ETH, ARB, RNDR, MATIC, to name a few. Users can lend SOL, USDC, or mSOL
to provide additional liquidity for Drift traders. Recently, Drift introduced
an insurance fund staking program, offering another lending opportunity for
users willing to backstop for the perpetual exchange in case of an adverse
event. Beyond Drift, many other perpetual exchanges are available on Solana,
such as:

  * [Zeta](https://www.zeta.markets/), that recently started the Mad Wars trading competition to onboard NFT users onto Solana DeFi; 

  * [Cypher](https://cypher.trade/), which recently launched its Liquidity Incentive Program;

  * or [Mango Markets](https://mango.markets/), built on top of OpenBook.

## The New Generation of Solana DeFi Protocols

While most of the protocols mentioned above are already well-developed, there
are many new teams that either recently went live or are preparing for their
upcoming launch.  
  

![solana-summer-tvl-solana-biggest-protocols-defi-marginfi-cypher-blazestake-
jito-citrus-marinade-solend-drift-frakt-
squads](https://framerusercontent.com/images/fyLd7WqFcrDk8iPwOC1oyTKqG4.png)

We began this article speaking of liquidity provision on Solana, and two
projects are emerging to solve liquidity issues or simplify them. The first
one is [Kamino](https://kamino.finance/), a protocol that manages LP positions
from Orca and Raydium on behalf of the user. CLMMs have become complex, even
for protocols that need to provide liquidity for their native token, and
Kamino alleviates these pain points by automatically setting ranges,
rebalancing positions, and auto-compounding fees.

The second protocol is [Meteroa](https://meteora.ag/), a project incubated by
Jupiter that offers two main products working closely together: lending
aggregation vaults and dynamic liquidity pools. Instead of sifting through
every lending/perpetual protocol to lend their assets, traders can deposit
their tokens into Meteora. It not only finds the best rates but also looks for
healthy risk factors to avoid being stuck in a lending pool if a borrower
poses risk on the position. [Midas](https://mds.hadeswap.com/), incubated by
Hadeswap, is also a novel stablecoin protocol similar to Hubble but for NFTs.
NFT owners can collateralize their NFTs to mint $MIDAS and sell or use it
across DeFi. For users who don't have time to create complex strategies,
[Hawksight](https://www.hawksight.co/) offers one-click DeFi strategies on top
of many DeFi protocols like Kamino, Orca, Raydium, and more. Additionally,
[GFX](https://goosefx.io/) is working on single-sided liquidity pools to
simplify liquidity provision for anyone.

Order books are also starting to take off on Solana, mostly due to the unique
nature of the Solana blockchain. While we've already seen some successful use
cases like OpenBook for limit orders on SPL assets or Sharky for customized
NFT loans, new teams are working to further improve this field on Solana.
Phoenix ([Ellipsis](https://ellipsislabs.xyz/)) recently went live and is
already among the top pool providers by [volume](https://hub.jup.ag/stats) on
Jupiter. It's a new central limit order book (CLOB) that is completely
decentralized and aims to bring the same experience as a centralized CLOB but
on-chain. It will soon launch an interface to facilitate the use of order
books for anyone, bringing the familiarity of a CEX with the benefits of a
DEX.  
  

![solana-new-projects-defi-phoenix-lulo-flash-trade-clone-symmetry-solana-
defi-ecosystem-
primitives](https://framerusercontent.com/images/DaQddOXyO6R2SzOICb0qndnCf8.png)

[Lulo](https://www.lulo.finance/) is another order book, but instead built for
lending and borrowing. Currently, most lending/borrowing protocols for
fungible assets on Solana are pooled, and traders cannot set their own
parameters (e.g. APY, duration). Lulo will allow anyone to create lending or
borrowing orders with specific terms on their order book until it is matched
with the other side. Moreover, order books can enable much more than trading
crypto assets. Protocols like [Aver](https://www.aver.exchange/),
[BetDex](https://www.betdex.com/), or [Hedgehog](https://hedgehog.markets/)
are building prediction markets and betting on sports events on-chain.
[Root](https://www.rootprotocol.org/) is also an interesting protocol that
combines both AMM and order book mechanisms for market makers on Solana,
allowing them to provide liquidity in a very custom way and without
restrictions.

Perpetual exchanges are also growing on Solana, and [Flash
Trade](https://www.flash.trade/) is working on bringing more liquidity to BTC
and ETH on Solana with similar mechanisms to GMX. This will also bring new
yield opportunities for BTC and ETH traders. Still in the derivatives field,
[Clone](https://clone.so/) is working on synthetic assets, allowing anyone to
trade any kind of assets on Solana, such as currencies, gold, stocks, and
more. While the NFT landscape is already growing fast, there's still a missing
piece: NFT perpetuals. [Sujiko](https://sujiko.trade/) is working on this,
with similar mechanisms to Drift v2 and Mango Markets but tailored for NFT
collections. It will work not only for Solana collections but will also allow
traders to trade ETH and BTC collections with the low fees and speed of
Solana. [Dual Finance](https://www.dual.finance/), on the other hand, offers
decentralized vault options. Last but not least,
[Symmetry](https://www.symmetry.fi/) allows anyone to create a decentralized
index fund (similar to an ETF) on-chain and be their own asset manager with
rules for rebalancing the fund.

Finally, the Solana DeFi ecosystem is diversifying with tokenization projects
like [Homebase](https://homebasedao.io/), which tokenizes individual houses,
and [Parcl](https://www.parcl.co/), which expands this to entire cities.
[Bridgesplit](https://www.bridgesplit.com/) is bringing financial innovation
by tokenizing loans on Solana. Alongside, the NFT landscape is still evolving
with [Rain](https://rain.fi/),
[Hyperspace](https://twitter.com/hyperspacexyz/status/1669372977324908544),
and [Honey](https://honeylabs.io/) developing novel financial uses for NFTs,
while [Texture](https://texture.finance) aggregates the best prices for NFT
borrowers. Privacy is also quickly becoming a thing on Solana with
[Elusiv](https://elusiv.io/) offering private SPL token transfers and [Light
Protocol](https://twitter.com/LightProtocol/status/1659606819872948247)
working on enabling DeFi protocols to anonymize parts of their applications
for better use case.

## Did You Say Airdrop?

Airdrops have played a considerable role in the success of protocols on
Ethereum, with even L2s using them to bootstrap their communities and bring
liquidity to their ecosystems. Earlier this year, BONK demonstrated that
successful airdrops on Solana were possible. Many projects on Solana haven't
launched a token yet, but several have recently hinted the potential for an
airdrop for their users.  
  

![solana-airdrop-defi-projects-solana-token-project-marginfi-points-meteora-
solblaze-bsol-cypher-lip-program-cypher-token-
solana](https://framerusercontent.com/images/nRg3Puyj0FNFoN2EK6iqMgYvbI.png)

Cypher led the way by launching its [Liquidity Incentive
Program](https://twitter.com/cypher_protocol/status/1672019758173114371?s=20),
which offers a fixed yield to those providing liquidity for Cypher traders.
Tokens are locked for 6 months, and depositors are compensated in $CYPHER
tokens. Some forms of gamification have been observed as well, with Marginfi
[introducing
points](https://twitter.com/marginfi/status/1675863618666270722?s=20) to
bootstrap liquidity and engage traders with the platform. These points will
eventually be used for rewards or perks, like eligibility for a token airdrop.
LSTs are also trending on Solana, and as said above SolBlaze publicly
announced that they are working on an airdrop for bSOL holders.

Whether or not Solana projects launch a token, their products are still worth
exploring. In the world of startups, many projects will emerge, and not all
will succeed. However, given the energy of the builders in the Solana
ecosystem and solutions like [Cubik](https://www.cubik.so/) that facilitate
funding for early projects, it's clear that this is just the beginning of the
new era of Solana DeFi.

Squads is proud to support teams building their vision on Solana. Whether for
programs or treasuries, most DeFi protocols mentioned in this article rely on
Squads to split control over their on-chain assets with their team members and
securely manage their operations with multisig security.

  

### About Squads

Squads is a crypto company operations platform that simplifies management of
developer, creator, and treasury assets for teams building on Solana and SVM.
Open source, formally verified, immutable, Squads enables teams to secure
their on-chain assets in a multisig and jointly manage them.

**Learn more**

 _Squads:_[_https://squads.so/blog/what-is-
squads_](https://squads.so/blog/what-is-squads) _  
Squads Protocol:_[_https://squads.so/blog/solana-svm-smart-contract-wallet-
infrastructure_](https://squads.so/blog/solana-svm-smart-contract-wallet-
infrastructure) _  
Code:_[_https://github.com/Squads-Protocol/squads-
mpl_](https://github.com/Squads-Protocol/squads-mpl)

  

Continue reading

[![solana-treasury-stablecoins-landscape-solutions-usdc-usdt-usdy-ybx-
diversify-stable-treasury-euroe-vchf-maple-credix-stablecoin-yield-
solana](https://framerusercontent.com/images/0bRVstnkv4oB5BpXjXmmQiSc.png)The
Current Stablecoin Landscape on Solana for Enterprise TreasuryMarch 13,
2024](./stablecoins-overview-solana)[![pyth-token-airdrop-solana-squads-
multisig-pyth-allocation-grant-team-pyth-staking-token-governance-squads-app-
squads-
protocol](https://framerusercontent.com/images/owWa2e8vUVngZkQfEWqZ8xinX0.png)Squads
Receives Allocation of $PYTH TokensFebruary 8, 2024](./pyth-airdrop-
allocation)[![marginfi-solana-lending-protocol-borrow-lend-mrgnlend-solana-
interest-rate-apy-lending-sol-jitosol-
msol](https://framerusercontent.com/images/Mpc9bwmMGA7OcH76Is4QDFyyQg.png)Project
Spotlight: marginfi - A New Borrow/Lend ProtocolAugust 22, 2023](./marginfi-
lending-protocol-solana)

[](../)

All rights reserved

Â© Squads Protocol 2024

Product

[Squads](../)

[Protocol](../protocol)

[Extension](../extension)

[Use Cases](../use-cases)

[Why Multisig](https://squads.so/blog/what-are-multisig-wallets)

Resources

[Github](https://github.com/Squads-Protocol)

[SDK](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@sqds/multisig)

[Documentation](https://docs.squads.so/main/basics/welcome-to-squads)

[Blog](../blog)

[Multisig vs MPC](https://squads.so/blog/mpc-wallets-risks-vs-multisig)

Company

[About](../about)

[Brand assets](../brand-assets)

[Twitter](https://twitter.com/squadsprotocol)

[Discord](https://discord.com/invite/YPXz64TrKs)

[Farcaster](https://warpcast.com/squads)

Legal

[Terms of Service](../legal/terms-of-service)

[Privacy Policy](../legal/privacy-policy)

[Contact us](https://discord.com/invite/YPXz64TrKs)

