Metaco.com will be sunset as of June 7, 2024

[Learn more](https://ripple.com/solutions/digital-asset-custody/ "Learn more")

Skip to main content

[![Metaco](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/logo.svg?x88149)![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/logo-w.svg?x88149)](https://www.metaco.com)

  * Solutions __

__Solutions

Solutions

    * [__Global Custodians Build tomorrow's market infrastructure ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/global-custodians-top-tier-banks/)
    * [__Universal Banks Satisfy demand for new asset classes ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/universal-banks/)
    * [__Neobanks & FintechsFind new routes to monetization ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/neobanks-fintechs/)
    * [__Regulated Exchanges Grow volumes and profit margins ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/regulated-exchanges/)
    * [__Corporates Boost customer loyalty and engagement ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/corporates/)

  * Platform __

__Platform

Platform

Deploy ambitious digital asset use cases with the most secure and versatile
infrastructure.

    * [__Harmonize™ Platform Overview Issue, store, trade, transfer, settle and service any type of digital asset. ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/harmonize/)
    * [__Custody Hot, warm and institutional cold storage ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/custody/)
    * [__Trading Powerful order execution, funding and settlement ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/trading/)
    * [__Web3 Web3 Portal spanning NFTs, DeFi and DApps ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/web3/)
    * [__Governance Entirely customizable risk and compliance controls ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/governance/)
    * [__Orchestration A single source of truth for managing all digital assets ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/orchestration/)
    * [__Tokenization Asset-agnostic smart contract management framework ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/tokenization/)
    * [__Integration Fully integrable platform following enterprise standards ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/integration/)
    * [__Security Highest protection against insider and external threats ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/security/)

  * Company __

__Company

Company

    * [__About](https://www.metaco.com/company/about/)
    * [__Media & news](https://www.metaco.com/company/media-coverage-press-releases/)
    * [__Careers](https://www.metaco.com/careers/)

  * Resources __

__Resources

Resources

    * [__Talks](https://www.metaco.com/resources/talks/)
    * [__Webinars](https://www.metaco.com/resources/webinars/)
    * [__Case studies](https://www.metaco.com/resources/case-studies/)
    * [__Reports](https://www.metaco.com/resources/reports/)
    * [__Blog](https://www.metaco.com/resources/blog/)

[Contact](https://www.metaco.com/contact/ "Contact")

[Talks](https://www.metaco.com/category/talks/)

METACO TALKS EP. 20

# Bridging the Old and New Worlds of Asset Custody

  *  __ August 20, 2021
  *  __33 min

Share

  * [ __](https://www.linkedin.com/sharing/share-offsite/?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.metaco.com%2Ftalks%2Fbridging-the-old-and-new-worlds-of-asset-custody-w-swen-werner-state-street%2F)
  * [__](https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Metaco+https%3A%2F%2Fwww.metaco.com%2Ftalks%2Fbridging-the-old-and-new-worlds-of-asset-custody-w-swen-werner-state-street%2F+via+%40metaco_sa)

Our guest for this  [METACO TALKS](https://www.metaco.com/talks/) episode is
[Swen Werner](https://www.linkedin.com/in/swen-werner/), Managing Director and
Global Product Manager at [State Street
](https://www.statestreet.com/home.html)Digital – a new division of State
Street Bank focusing on digital assets and technologies including
cryptocurrencies, central bank digital currency, blockchain, and tokenization.

Swen is responsible for designing new products, leveraging different emerging
technologies, including distributed ledger technologies and engagement with
industry partners to design industry-leading service and operating models.

Swen has been working in the financial services industry for over 15 years and
has held senior roles in Europe, U.S. and Asia with JP Morgan, Deutsche Bank
and Deutsche Boerse, focusing on product management for custody, clearing and
collateral management.

He was selected by the **Global Custodian**  magazine in December 2019 to be
one of **“30 names who will shape the future of securities services.”  **

In this episode, we discused, among others:

[00:02:03] Innovation at large organisations

[00:07:46] The steps a traditional custodian must take to embrace the new
world of digital assets

[00:13:01] The demands of institutional clients from their custodians in the
set up of digital asset systems

[00:23:50] The gains for efficiency and markets from digital asset adoption

_Disclaimer: This is not investment advice._

### Full transcript

[00:00:00] **Seamus:**  Welcome to METACO Talks. I’m Seamus Donoghue, the VP
of Strategic Alliances at METACO. If this is your first time joining, METACO
Talks is a biweekly discussion with thought leaders in the industry. Today our
topic is bringing the old and new worlds of asset custody together. I’m very
happy to have Swen Werner here, to speak with us.

For those that didn’t catch the live streaming or aren’t able to listen to all
of it, this will be available as recordings on most of your favorite podcast
channels as well as YouTube. Let’s dive into it. Welcome, Swen.



[00:00:32] **Swen:**  Good morning and thank you for the invite. I’m really
excited to be here.



[00:00:36] **Seamus:**  Great to have you here. We speak to many large tier
one firms like yourselves, but I think you have a much deeper background in
this space. You’ve been in the space since 2018, and at a very large
institution that’s announcing moves in the space. We’d love to hear your
background and how you got into this, and where you are now.



[00:00:54] **Swen:**  I think that’s a good question. When I was at
university, we could not study Bitcoin and crypto back then. It was a very
organic transition into this. It’s not already in, I would say, a few years
earlier, at the time I was working with a number of central banks on their
market infrastructure, strategies, how they evolve RTGS systems, et cetera.

Then this thing came around called the stable coin. The question that was
posed by some central banks was, what would that do to the way we process
Euros or Sterling or US dollar, and how should we think about our long-term
strategy? I was writing some papers and some analysis, and that was also at
the time when the conversation started around a project called utility _
settlement coin_, which is now Fnality. Remember at that time nobody had heard
the term CBDC. I think that’s also just a couple of years old.

That work basically got me hooked, then as you said, in 2018 I started working
full-time on digital assets and blockchain, and have been doing so ever since.



[00:02:03] **Seamus:**  Interesting. Many people would’ve thought the industry
was finished after 2018. It’s great to see you persevered as did State Street.

One of the themes, given there’s very few firms as large as State Street
particularly in the global custody space, how hard has it been to innovate in
that space? Obviously digital assets is something very new and fast-evolving.



[00:02:22] **Swen:**  I spent my entire career at large global organizations
that have a workforce of the size of mid-sized cities. In a way, I think that
there’s a reason for size in terms of the scalability it gives you. But it’s
hard. I wouldn’t say that we can’t improve. We do a lot of change. If I look
at our applications, we were making over 3000 IT changes to our various
systems per month. You have constantly to adapt and change to requirements.

When it comes to digital, there’s something very different now, which is the
change is much faster. Traditionally you could weekly plan this, and now new
requirements are popping up all the time and our delivery has to be even more
agile than the traditional management methodology means.

The other thing which makes a change if you think of a big organization, is
the risk that these new assets entail is somewhat hard to measure or there’s
no real best practice. If you think about different custody models, this is
hard to work up to the model. The deregulation is still evolving in this.

I would say, finally, Fintechs also have a different economic model: how
they’re funded, how they’re looking at winning your business, and then how
long they can sustain negative cash flows. Taking this altogether, you’re
moving faster, you have more uncertainty, and you’re dealing with a new breed
of competitors makes it quite hard. But that’s also one of the reasons why we
proactively want to partner. Everything we do in State Street Digital, the new
division we have around digital assets, is really trying to be open
architecture. We need to embrace it, we need to work with organizations like
yourself, that bring these new kinds of technologies at the forefront.



[00:04:12] **Seamus:**  You’ve brought up State Street Digital. Obviously, the
market has recently heard the announcement of this new launch. What is it?
Part of that idea that you talked about partnering, is that different ethos?
Does that require a separate division to, let’s say innovate faster than the
bank otherwise wouldn’t?



[00:04:29] **Swen:**  Its purpose is if you want to invest into the future.
I’m a good example of that, we’ve had various activities within the bank,
looking at digital assets and blockchain. But they were driven out of the
existing business divisions or custody, or what have you.

If you look at our product portfolios, depending on how you measure this, I
would say it has maybe 100 core products groups and activities that we provide
to clients. What you have to look at as: A, how would these products
transition into the future; but also which new ones do I need and which ones
will I not need in the future? That requires a different level of focus. It
can no longer be you do custody during the day and then you moonlight digital.
You have to have a dedicated workforce that lives in breathes for this space.

That’s really what State Street Digital is about. We want to build a service
model, but also if you want some to traditional. Intermediary record keeping
business towards more of that, you’re orchestrating data, you’re orchestrating
a network of fintechs and bringing it together.

There’ve been announcements made in the past and since that we provide trading
technologies for the digital asset platforms. All of these activities are now
coming together into one group under one single leadership, and that hopefully
will give us the focus needed to make sure that we can adopt to that change
and also then help clients to transition it.

At State Street, most of our clients are heavily invested in traditional
assets, and it is starting to add crypto assets. We need to add digital assets
more broadly, and we need to bring this together and have a seamless service
around it.



[00:06:22] **Seamus:**  Very interesting. Given that you’ve announced this new
division, is this a statement to the market that every major secure servers
services premise, let’s say table-stakes, need to do a last offering? Is this
what we’re seeing from the market?



[00:06:36] **Swen:**  I would think so, and I think that’s shared by a lot of
decision makers in that space. Digital is a very pervasive technology. Maybe
some few years ago you had this debate of, is it really coming, is the
technology ready? That is no longer a debate? It will become an existential
question for not just custodians, but asset manager, and everyone in the
broader financial ecosystems. Therefore, you have to have a critical
blockchain and digital assets strategy.

The other question is, again, if you’re looking at crypto custody, which is a
hot topic these days, last time I counted 70 or 80 different providers all
across the globe, can the market sustain all of them? I don’t know. But you
have to realize that there is now a demand for these kinds of services. If you
want to stay relevant as an organization, I think you have to jump on the
bandwagon and develop a service. Absolutely, I would say it becomes an
imperative now.



[00:07:46] **Seamus:**  The demand question, and I guess also the competitive
pressures to move as well. What does a traditional legacy custodian need to do
to embrace this new order?



[00:07:53] **Swen:**  I think two things. Sometimes it’s very boring and you
will hear this all the time, but it is nevertheless true: regulation. Also,
sometimes we have these conversations; what exactly do you mean by this? Do I
want a new digital asset custody law? I don’t know that that’s what I mean by
this. But in terms of more certainty of what is permissible and what is not
permissible, particularly when it comes to crypto, you may have seen the rent
proposal by the Basel regulator on the potential treatment of crypto, which is
obviously quite a disincentive for large banking organizations to potentially
hold these assets in future. That needs to be clarified.

Then the whole question around, if you were to provide, for instance, crypto
safekeeping or crypto administration services, is to say a service that
requires a license jurisdiction say yes, if no jurisdiction say no. Then the
whole integration between if you want a traditional asset management
regulation, and new crypto regulations. In Europe, for UCITS funds and
alternative investment funds, they usually require a depository, which the one
inside safe-keeps these assets, but also provides a control and risk framework
over that.

There’s very little regulatory guidance in terms of how you would perform
these services, so it’s very important for large organizations like ourselves
that we get some clarity of what is expected in order to be in regulatory
compliance for providing these kinds of services.

The other thing I would add on this is, particularly when it comes to
tokenized assets, security tokens and this kind of things, personally, I’m
extremely excited about it. But we are in the early days of that adoption. You
can call it a chicken-and-egg problem or whatever it is, but it’s the question
of when do we see the distribution success of tokenized securities and all
financial instruments into integer portfolios of asset managers? As soon as we
see this happening, I think the market will follow relatively quickly. That’s
a key requirement. You know what you’re supposed to be doing and how, then
it’s happening, even at a small scale.

Somebody who’s not in tokenized funds and things like that, we see these
initiatives popping up here and there. I think it will create a halo effect
for the market to adopt that relatively quickly.



[00:10:16] **Seamus:**  The first step to get there is firms like yourselves
providing the capability to asset managers to hold these assets. I think
that’s, as you said, in many ways chicken-and-egg.

It’s interesting that you mentioned the regulation. It’s funny how the markets
reacted in the past few weeks, because regulations come to the forward whether
it’s Gary Gansler or other initiatives in the Senate and Congress. The market
is taking this negatively. But I think to your point, what we see from a lot
of the large firms is really about clarity and having some regulation
guidelines. Regulation very much enables you guys to move.



[00:10:49] **Swen:**  Yeah. Maybe just to add on this also, and this is a two-
edged sword. But if you take, for instance Japan, they had to already a year
or two years ago a relatively prescriptive framework around crypto custody.
I’m paraphrasing, but basically the only model is the custody of cold storage.
If you talk to organizations in those markets, eventually my preferred model
is X because this is what regulators want. If you go to another jurisdiction
that doesn’t have that level of guidance, it makes it more flexible, but it
also creates a million of permutations of what a good model would be. That
kind of sometimes certainty, at least at this stage, can be helpful to move
forward because you don’t have to question yourself or what you’re supposed to
be building. You’re building towards a real template.



[00:11:34] **Seamus:**  Absolutely. It’s the early days, so guidelines help.
We’ve often seen too many options slow firms down in that sense.

As institutions like State Street get involved, scalability seems to be a big
thing. We’ve seen small, firms in this space for a while, and now you have the
large firms that bring institutional scale. How do you address operational
scalability in this market?



[00:11:56] **Swen:**  Yeah, that’s definitely an issue. What we have seen so
far, particularly when it comes to crypto from the digital assets management
side, it’s probably a bit more of a buy-and-hold strategy. But over time if
you had more and more like intraday trading, then you will have to have cold
storage. That’s something that we’re thinking about what the right model is,
how we could address all these various different client segments.

I would say one of the issues for us, it’s not so much the scalability, but
the safety. The crypto market traditionally had a pre-funded model where you
have to hold your positions at base exchanges. That works very well from a
retail perspective. But I think if we see the adoption from an institutional
framework, we’ll need to move away from this a little bit. Like today, we will
have the ability to hold equities and what have you within your custodian
bank. You can trade on those positions without moving them out of custody in
first place. That same concept will have to be adopted in crypto markets.



[00:13:01] **Seamus:**  You touched there a little bit on what your asset
management clients are seeing, but what more broadly or more specifically
services are you seeing being demanded by your clients?



[00:13:13] **Swen:**  It’s really a variety. Sometimes I surprise myself
thinking this could not possibly be happening, and then it happens. For
instance, when we had NFTs being sought constantly in the presses, we actually
had some asset managers seriously contemplating the possibility to invest in
art through an NFT concept. Whether it’s going to happen or not we would have
to see, but there’s nothing too outlandish at the moment to not even consider.

I think key aspects are a security token, particularly in jurisdictions where
there’s no framework to do that. Like in Germany, I think there is a lot of
interest for that. There is interest in crypto safekeeping more from the asset
owner space, smaller asset managers. A lot of the European, at least the
pension funds probably want to stay away from crypto for now. But US pension
funds at least would be open-minded. If you want regionally, a little bit
diversity within the same client segment, then within the client segment
itself, I think the traditional long only asset managers are probably more
bullish on security tokens and all of financial instruments that come in
tokenized from, and less so on crypto and then asset owners.

For instance, in the US a good example would be endowment funds. From
universities, they’re early adopters, and they act a bit more like a private
wealth, so centralized. Therefore, you see more interest on that. In Europe, I
would say those banks and clients that have a large private wealth franchise
behind them also are more open to crypto investments, because that’s what
their underlying clients are asking for.



[00:15:01] **Seamus:**  Do you think those firms that are comfortable with a
crypto exposure, is it very narrowly defined crypto? Is it Bitcoin or
Ethereum? I mean, there’s so many new protocols, Layer 2, Layer 1’s. How do
you think they’re looking at that?



[00:15:15] **Swen:**  I think in terms of the absolute market, it is probably
Bitcoin and Ethereum. In the conversations I have had so far, very quickly you
come to a discussion of ‘what else could you do’? Polka dots or what have you.
We’re probably not talking about hundreds of old coins, but maybe tens. I
think that increasingly will definitely be in scope.

In particular, this is another key aspect of how traditional custody and
crypto custody more broadly differs. It’s no longer a standalone function.
It’s very closely tied to trading, liquidity provisioning, as well as DeFi. If
you’re looking at DeFi for a definition, you want to have DeFi protocols and
you want to have stable coins. You want to at least have Ethereum-based
instruments. That’s why there’s a natural need to not just look at Bitcoin,
but some of these other instruments as well.



[00:16:14] **Seamus:**  The Bitcoin space seems to be well-populated now. We
saw announcements in the past couple of days, of two large banks offering
potential unit trusts around Bitcoin. But we hear more and more about
Ethereum, and as you say, the banks, at least looking at DeFi. How do you
think banks will approach DeFi, given all the decentralized nature of this?



[00:16:36] **Swen:**  I am personally intrigued by it. Today, DeFi is very
much a crypto play. The question is could you adopt the concept of DeFi to
security tokens? Conceptually you could, but then you bring a lot of
regulation because suddenly you’re dealing with regulated financial
instruments. No way can the protocols today and the players in that space
today, take what they have that works well for crypto and adopt it for
security tokens? That’s a big question mark too.

The other thing I would also say is, the idea that an institutional investor
is indifferent to the counterparty risk – which is just to say a trust in code
and a trust in the collateral – is probably a bit too premature. Take security
lending, today we are a large security lenders or asset managers, or lend
securities with brokers. All of these transactions are fully collateralized,
but typically an agency lender provides an indemnity in case something goes
wrong. The institutional space is used to a double protection, and now you’re
saying you’re stopping that and you’re moving to what could be perceived as a
less safe model. I think there’s still a role for somebody to take some form
of policing and additional insurance methodology, even if you were to use DeFi
protocols for security tokens. But that’s my assumption as of today. If you
ask me in two years’ time again, I may have to change. But that’s my
hypothesis for the moment.



[00:18:15] **Seamus:**  No question, two years is a very long time in this
market. Does a centralized deployment undermine the whole value proposition of
what crypto brings in terms of its decentralized infrastructure? How do you
balance that?



[00:18:29] **Swen:**  Yes, and no. This is where we’re coming back to
regulation. We will need to allow the rise of decentralized market
infrastructure. The idea, particularly in Europe, that we have right now, we
have a CSTR that requires security tokens that they have to be issued into a
CSD, which really means that if you want to tokenize anything that’s traded on
an exchange you can’t unless you are a CSD. I think long-term that is
something that has to allow more decentralization.

But on the other side, if I look at a lot of the initiatives that are being
set up right now, I think the market is a surprisingly centralized in its
deployment. That’s just a quick question of, is everyone ready? If you had an
experiment a few times, where we may be in the POC to tokenize something, but
then are all of these other counter parties that are ready at the right time
to manage the wallet, receive these tokens. That’s always holding you back.

But there is, I think irrespective of blockchain, a lot to learn, and some of
the pretty important aspects. For instance, with decentralized networks comes
the need to operate in trustless networks. We’re seeing this also, that
concept we know today, deploy into an application. The markets are already
adopting that concept, that you have trustless access to these base
applications, and therefore increasing diversity against the operational
frameworks. Sometimes it’s important to get away from the blockchain. What are
some of the common themes? They will apply whether we’re talking about digital
assets or we’re talking about traditional databases that may be deployed.



[00:20:11] **Seamus:**  A very good approach to it. I’m interested to get your
take on, we’re talking about the regulation and some of the concerns around
those decentralized infrastructure, lacks existing regulatory framework. Do
you think there’s room as well for regulations to evolve?

We’ve seen, I think it was Hester Pierce who came out in the past couple of
days, talking about a lot of the security rules for example were set up prior
to computers existing and the there’s been a lot of evolution in how we look
at things. A lot of the existing rights that have been put in place, do we
expect to see some evolution there or movement as well?



[00:20:46] **Swen:**  I think it’s a real challenge. Somebody said this, which
I quite liked, that we use the 19th century legal constructs with 20th century
technology to solve 21st century problems, or something like that.

It’s not a new problem. In most jurisdictions, security law is a hundred years
old. Even if you today do electronic settlement, you’re operating legally in a
fictitious world to assume that these electronic bookings in some way resemble
the physical exchange of instrument, when they’re actually not physical
instruments anymore.

Every time a convention has been tried many times to, on one side harmonize
this, and then make these law changes more modern. What some jurisdictions
have now done, in Switzerland, Germany, is to say: I leave my case law from a
hundred years because it works and I’m creating something new on the side to
create a new form of digital assets. That will receive similar protection as
did the old one but basically you start from scratch. I think that that is
more likely to work. But something has to move on that side, absolutely. I
agree with that.

I see the readiness to this. There’s an intense interest to make sure, how can
we adopt our legal infrastructure to make sure we cater for you and different
consumer requirements? But I just don’t think it’s that easy to think around a
little bit to a securities law and you’ve done. This would be from previous
experience, quite hard, and also could not be done within a short timeframe.
You’re looking at a 10-year reform project. By that time, we may have moved on
and interested in other things.



[00:22:26] **Seamus:**  New challenges! We’re looking forward to when there’s
some more clarity and decentralized. What do you see as the role for a
custodian in a peer-to-peer network?



[00:22:36] **Swen:**  I think peer-to-peer is this fantastic theme. At State
Street we rolled out a peer-to-peer repo and peer-to-peer securities finance.
The fact that distributed ledger technology or digital assets, if you want to
accelerate a trend to peer-to-peer, it an interesting and welcomed
development. You will, at least how we think about today, still need a
custodian to enforce a level of common rules and making sure that if something
goes wrong the investors are protected. I mentioned earlier, already in DeFi
protocols the need for instance, to provide additional indemnities. That is
something that I think could continue in future.

There’s also an aspect of counterparty risk selection. We have a lot of
institutional investors who will say: I will have certain minimum requirements
on whom I’m trading with on, are they being enforced? Again, the custodian can
help to make sure there’s a pre-selection and that there are certain entry
barriers. Also this whole idea that you go to an extreme world of peer-to-
peer, where everyone can play a thinking deregulated securities industry
probably would take much more thinking before this becomes a reality.



[00:23:50] **Seamus:**  It’s interesting you’re already making steps in the
peer-to-peer trading in the areas you’ve just mentioned. That’s fascinating.
So you’re already gaining an experience around existing regs, in that context.

Stepping back and looking bigger picture, where do you see the biggest gains
and efficiencies and markets from digital assets?



[00:24:06] **Swen:**  It depends. This is always an interesting debate. You
will hear everyone saying about faster settlement and no reconciliation –
these are all valid, interesting points. I’m personally interested in two or
three things. One is that distribution could become digital. If you had a
digital fund, a digital cash, you can basically buy directly from the asset
manager for whoever you’re investing in, and have these assets in your own
wallets. Maybe that’s more of a retail play initially, but it’s a different
way of conducting business. You no longer have to go through a chain of
intermediaries.

But also for institutional investors, that potentially brings better data
distribution. Asset managers are always very interested to say: who is buying
my funds? Why? Can I track this in real time? If you had a tokenized
instrument, you could very quickly see in certain jurisdictions people want to
buy ETFs investing and car companies versus something else. It would allow the
asset management industry to act much more appropriately to changes in
investor demand.

The other thing is around particularly digital cash, offering new forms of
digital money. Like this idea of a stable coin. It deconstructs instruments.
Today you have a cash account, you can pay from your cash, and you also earn
interest from that because your bank is investing that money. With a stable
coin, you can take this apart. These are two different decisions. The coin can
pay, but the collateral that’s backing it up and earning the interest could
sit anywhere else. This is a level of deconstructing the value chain that is
not possible with traditional payment forms. I don’t think we have seen the
end of innovation that this could bring.

Then related to this is the programmability of assets. You can have a self-
enforcing asset. That is something that, again, in traditional setups is not
possible. I would think that will be some very creative planning and invention
coming from that side.

For me, these are the interesting things. It’s not so much about, which is
important, efficiency gains. It’s really you can build new asset types and
therefore build new business models, potentially.



[00:26:26] **Seamus:**  I think that’s an exciting future. It’s great to hear
that we’ve got people like you inside the organizations like State Street,
thinking about this future. That’s definitely extremely dynamic, and that will
be exciting.

Unfortunately, the time has flown by. It’s been great to have you here. If
people want to reach out and connect with you, what’s the best way to do that?



[00:26:44] **Swen:**  Find me on LinkedIn. I’m quite active there. Drop me a
note, always happy to chat. Also hearing feedback, I think one of the
interesting aspects, particularly in this digital industry is, the network is
so much broader and people bring in so much interesting aspects. I think we
all have to learn both from the traditional security services side as well as
a number of new players that bring a fresh and interesting perspective.



[00:27:07] **Seamus:**  Absolutely. Thanks Swen for joining us today. Thanks
everyone for joining. As mentioned, the recordings will be available on your
favorite podcast channel and YouTube. Join us again in two weeks, and thanks
for joining today. Till next time.

  * [![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/01/spotify.png?x88149)](https://open.spotify.com/show/0IiI7iftR3F3RqinfJbpRT)
  * [![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/01/apple-podcasts.png?x88149)](https://podcasts.apple.com/us/podcast/metaco-talks-crypto-podcast-on-building-the-future/id1542371076?uo=4)
  * [![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/01/google-podcasts.png?x88149)](https://podcasts.google.com/feed/aHR0cHM6Ly9hbmNob3IuZm0vcy80MWY2MzA3NC9wb2RjYXN0L3Jzcw==)

![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/footer.png?x88149)

## **Explore** more

  * ![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/01/mt-speaker_ep-44-square-640x640.png?x88149)

[Talks](https://www.metaco.com/category/talks/)

February 6, 2024

[David Riegelnig (Rulematch)Digital Asset Trading Tailored to the Needs of
Financial Institutions](https://www.metaco.com/talks/rulematch-institutional-
digital-asset-trading/ "Digital Asset Trading Tailored to the Needs of
Financial Institutions")

  * ![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/12/mt-speaker_ep-43-square_dark-blue-640x640.png?x88149)

[Talks](https://www.metaco.com/category/talks/)

January 11, 2024

[Rajeev Tummala (HSBC Securities Services)The institutional value-chain of
tokenized securities](https://www.metaco.com/talks/institutional-value-chain-
tokenized-securities-rajeev-tummala-hsbc/ "The institutional value-chain of
tokenized securities")

  * ![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/11/mt-speaker_ep-42_light-blue-square-640x640.png?x88149)

[Talks](https://www.metaco.com/category/talks/)

November 14, 2023

[Angela Itzikowitz (ENS Africa) and Ashveen Gopee (PWC Mauritius)The Digital
Asset Ecosystem in Mauritius and South
Africa](https://www.metaco.com/talks/da-ecosystem-mauritius-south-africa-
aitzikowitz-agoppee/ "The Digital Asset Ecosystem in Mauritius and South
Africa")

[![Metaco](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/logo-w.svg?x88149)](https://www.metaco.com)

  * [Solutions](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/)
    * [Global Custodians](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/global-custodians-top-tier-banks/)
    * [Universal Banks](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/universal-banks/)
    * [Neobanks & Fintechs](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/neobanks-fintechs/)
    * [Regulated Exchanges](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/regulated-exchanges/)
    * [Corporates](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/corporates/)
  * [Platform](https://www.metaco.com/platform/)
    * [Harmonize™](https://www.metaco.com/platform/harmonize/)
    * [Custody](https://www.metaco.com/platform/custody/)
    * [Trading](https://www.metaco.com/platform/trading/)
    * [Web3](https://www.metaco.com/platform/web3/)
    * [Governance](https://www.metaco.com/platform/governance/)
    * [Orchestration](https://www.metaco.com/platform/orchestration/)
    * [Tokenization](https://www.metaco.com/platform/tokenization/)
    * [Integration](https://www.metaco.com/platform/integration/)
    * [Security](https://www.metaco.com/platform/security/)
  * [Company](https://www.metaco.com/company/media-coverage-press-releases/)
    * [About](https://www.metaco.com/company/about/)
    * [Media & news](https://www.metaco.com/company/media-coverage-press-releases/)
    * [Jobs](https://www.metaco.com/jobs/)
  * [Resources](https://www.metaco.com/resources/)
    * [Talks](https://www.metaco.com/resources/talks/)
    * [Webinars](https://www.metaco.com/resources/webinars/)
    * [Case studies](https://www.metaco.com/resources/case-studies/)
    * [Reports](https://www.metaco.com/resources/reports/)
    * [Blog](https://www.metaco.com/resources/blog/)

![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/10/sco2.png?x88149)![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/10/iso27001.png?x88149)

  * [__](https://www.twitter.com/metaco_sa "Twitter: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")
  * [__](https://www.linkedin.com/company/metaco-ag/ "Linkedin: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")
  * [__](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC4MLOKnJD9bXfHVXMnHM7ow "Youtube: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")
  * [__](https://open.spotify.com/show/0IiI7iftR3F3RqinfJbpRT "Spotify: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")

© 2015-2024 - Metaco SA - All Rights Reserved |[ Terms & Conditions](https://www.metaco.com/terms-conditions/) | [Privacy Policy](https://www.metaco.com/privacy-policy/) | [Cookie policy](https://www.metaco.com/cookie-policy/)

Metaco | The digital asset core system

869 subscribers

[Bridging the Old and New Worlds of Asset Custody w/ Swen WERNER (State
Street) [METACO TALKS #20]](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u557lhmFPIA)

[]()

Metaco | The digital asset core system

Search

Watch later

Share

Copy link

Info

Shopping

Tap to unmute

If playback doesn't begin shortly, try restarting your device.

More videos

## More videos

Share

Include playlist

An error occurred while retrieving sharing information. Please try again
later.

[Watch
on](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u557lhmFPIA&embeds_referring_euri=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.metaco.com%2F&feature=emb_imp_woyt)

0:00

0:00 / 30:02•Live

•

[](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u557lhmFPIA "Watch on YouTube")

# An error occurred.

[Try watching this video on
www.youtube.com](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u557lhmFPIA), or enable
JavaScript if it is disabled in your browser.

