Metaco.com will be sunset as of June 7, 2024

[Learn more](https://ripple.com/solutions/digital-asset-custody/ "Learn more")

Skip to main content

[![Metaco](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/logo.svg?x88149)![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/logo-w.svg?x88149)](https://www.metaco.com)

  * Solutions __

__Solutions

Solutions

    * [__Global Custodians Build tomorrow's market infrastructure ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/global-custodians-top-tier-banks/)
    * [__Universal Banks Satisfy demand for new asset classes ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/universal-banks/)
    * [__Neobanks & FintechsFind new routes to monetization ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/neobanks-fintechs/)
    * [__Regulated Exchanges Grow volumes and profit margins ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/regulated-exchanges/)
    * [__Corporates Boost customer loyalty and engagement ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/corporates/)

  * Platform __

__Platform

Platform

Deploy ambitious digital asset use cases with the most secure and versatile
infrastructure.

    * [__Harmonize™ Platform Overview Issue, store, trade, transfer, settle and service any type of digital asset. ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/harmonize/)
    * [__Custody Hot, warm and institutional cold storage ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/custody/)
    * [__Trading Powerful order execution, funding and settlement ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/trading/)
    * [__Web3 Web3 Portal spanning NFTs, DeFi and DApps ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/web3/)
    * [__Governance Entirely customizable risk and compliance controls ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/governance/)
    * [__Orchestration A single source of truth for managing all digital assets ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/orchestration/)
    * [__Tokenization Asset-agnostic smart contract management framework ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/tokenization/)
    * [__Integration Fully integrable platform following enterprise standards ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/integration/)
    * [__Security Highest protection against insider and external threats ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/security/)

  * Company __

__Company

Company

    * [__About](https://www.metaco.com/company/about/)
    * [__Media & news](https://www.metaco.com/company/media-coverage-press-releases/)
    * [__Careers](https://www.metaco.com/careers/)

  * Resources __

__Resources

Resources

    * [__Talks](https://www.metaco.com/resources/talks/)
    * [__Webinars](https://www.metaco.com/resources/webinars/)
    * [__Case studies](https://www.metaco.com/resources/case-studies/)
    * [__Reports](https://www.metaco.com/resources/reports/)
    * [__Blog](https://www.metaco.com/resources/blog/)

[Contact](https://www.metaco.com/contact/ "Contact")

[Blog](https://www.metaco.com/category/blog/)

# Brazil Crypto Report: A Blueprint for Adoption and Regulation of Crypto
Assets

  *  __ November 16, 2023
  *  __9 min
  *  __by Kevin Breitenother, Americas Sales Director

Share

  * [ __](https://www.linkedin.com/sharing/share-offsite/?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.metaco.com%2Fblog%2Fbrazil-crypto-report-a-blueprint-for-adoption-and-regulation-of-crypto-assets%2F)
  * [__](https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Metaco+https%3A%2F%2Fwww.metaco.com%2Fblog%2Fbrazil-crypto-report-a-blueprint-for-adoption-and-regulation-of-crypto-assets%2F+via+%40metaco_sa)

A little over a decade ago, 44% of Brazil’s population _[1]_ was considered
unbanked, one of the highest rates amongst BRICS nations. Fast forward to 2021
and that percentage had dropped significantly to just 16%.

The secret to its success? A new Brazil Crypto Report from Metaco says a
thriving fintech ecosystem has spurred the adoption of crypto and digital
assets, drawing more citizens into relationships with financial providers. It
attributes that rapid growth to a potent combination of progressive
regulation, an emphasis on innovation, and a rapidly maturing financial
infrastructure.

The result is an embrace of digital-first banking by the majority of the
populace, with 1 in 5 Brazilians _[2]_ now owning cryptocurrency. The country
currently ranks within the top ten on Chainanalysis’ Crypto Adoption Index
_[3]_ and is projected to have digital asset revenues of USD $1.5 billion by
2027 _[4]_.

Let’s dig a little deeper to understand how this leap became possible and how
other nations might emulate Brazil’s recipe for success.

### Progressive Regulation

Regulatory clarity is the backbone of any successful crypto hub. Coupled with
the appropriate legal framework, it provides clear guardrails for innovators
to bump up against, while establishing much-needed trust among consumers.

Brazil’s journey towards establishing a regulatory framework for digital
assets has been marked by several key recent events, reflecting the country’s
progressive approach in integrating these technologies into its financial
system.

  * **Law No. 14,478:** This pivotal law introduced in December’22 set the stage for regulating virtual asset services in Brazil. The law laid out guidelines for the provision of virtual asset services and the regulation of virtual asset service providers. It also made amendments to existing laws to include crimes involving virtual assets and provisions concerning money laundering related to these assets. This law was a significant step in providing a legal structure for the operation of virtual assets in the country _[5]_ ​​.  

According to Law No. 14,478, a virtual asset is defined as a digital
representation of value that can be traded or transferred electronically, and
used for payments or investment purposes. This definition was crucial in
establishing a legal understanding of what constitutes a virtual asset in the
Brazilian context​​.

  * **Presidential Decree No. 11,563:** This decree, introduced in June’23, further strengthened the regulatory framework established by Law No. 14,478. The decree assigned the Central Bank of Brazil the responsibility to regulate, authorize, and supervise virtual asset service providers. This was a significant move to clarify the roles and responsibilities in the governance of virtual assets _[6]_ ​​.

  * **Planned Launch of Brazil’s Digital Currency ‘DREX’** : The Brazilian Central Bank has scheduled the launch of its digital currency, named DREX, for the end of 2024. This new currency is expected to use distributed ledger technology for settling wholesale interbank transactions, with retail access based on tokenized bank deposits. The announcement of DREX, made on August 7, 2023, underscores Brazil’s commitment to advancing its financial services infrastructure using blockchain technology _[7]_ ​​.

These milestones showcase Brazil’s commitment to integrating digital assets
into its financial system, balancing innovation with regulatory oversight to
foster a secure and efficient digital asset environment _[8]_.

### Culture of Innovation

While regulatory clarity offers a green light for experimentation, it does
not—on its own— fuel innovation. The market must be willing to use these
suggested guidelines to push boundaries. And Brazil has repeatedly
demonstrated its appetite for boundary-pushing financial innovations.

Introduced in late 2020, PIX is a groundbreaking real-time settlement network
that has already helped to dramatically increase financial innovation and
inclusion in the country. Since its launch, it has been used by roughly 80% of
the adult population and 13 million businesses.

Growing companies like Nubank have also helped advance innovative agendas.
With over 85 million active users, this fintech provides users with a safe and
verified way to buy and trade cryptocurrencies.

Environmental factors are also helping to spur the adoption of innovative new
financial tools. With many Brazilians living and working abroad, the
conditions are ripe for the use of crypto within more cost-effective
remittance solutions. And there has been a significant effort to educate
people on how crypto works, with upticks in crypto educational seminars and
workshops around the country.

Taken together, this culture of innovation is taking root, with the number of
crypto users in Brazil expected to reach 54.6 million by 2027 _[9]_. Even
traditional banks are hopping on board, offering crypto-related investment
products and financial assets, and viewing crypto startups as friend instead
of foe.

![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/11/brazil-banner-
website.jpg?x88149)

### Mature Market Infrastructure

Lastly, the size and maturity of the market in Brazil has been an important
accelerator in its growth of crypto adoption. Reshaping traditional systems as
digital is impossible if there is no marketplace to support them.

With a GDP of USD $1.6 trillion, Brazil has the largest economy in South
America. It also has a mature capital markets infrastructure. This combination
provides the transaction volume and liquidity necessary for widespread
adoption of crypto, digital currency, and other tokenized assets.

The success of PIX illustrates this potential. In only a few short years, it
has grown to reach transaction volumes of USD $2.1 trillion in 2023. This was
possible because of the clear need but also because of the same existing
underlying market infrastructure that is crucial to the success of digital
assets.

### Global Expansion and Institutional Adoption

Over the coming months and years, Brazil will continue to widen its embrace of
crypto and digital assets. A number of its leading banks are already rolling
out crypto investment products to their clients, banks and fintechs alike
continue to deploy blockchain to enhance their operations, and a pilot of Drex
is underway with 14 local and international companies.

This begets the need for safe, secure ways for banks, fintechs and other
financial institutions to store those digital assets on behalf of their own
investments as well as their customers’. Institutional-grade crypto custody,
coupled with progressive regulation are key to propelling global expansion and
using this momentum that Brazil has ignited.

While every country has its own unique goals and needs, Brazil’s use of
fintech innovation to advance financial inclusion and establish itself as an
emerging crypto hub offers valuable insights for the global community. Like
Brazil, those with progressive regulation, a culture of innovation and mature
market infrastructure are primed to capitalize on the growth of digital
currency and assume a leadership position in the emerging tokenized economy.

Download Metaco’s [Brazil Crypto
Report](https://www.metaco.com/whitepaper/brazil-an-evolving-crypto-hub/) to
learn more about how the country and the Brazilian Central Bank are paving a
path forward for the adoption and regulation of crypto assets.

[1] https://www.pymnts.com/cryptocurrency/2022/bank-to-bank-digital-currency-
poses-threat-to-stablecoin-appeal/

[2] https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2023-09-07/jpmorgan-jpm-explores-
blockchain-deposit-token-for-payment-settlement

[3] https://www.ledgerinsights.com/swiss-bank-deposit-token-ubs-credit-suisse-
julius-baer/

[4] https://www.statista.com/outlook/fmo/digital-
assets/brazil#:~:text=Revenue%20in%20the%20Digital%20Assets,US%241%2C536.0m%20by%202027.

[5] “Brazil: New Decree Defines Competence of Regulatory Body for ….”
https://www.loc.gov/item/global-legal-monitor/2023-06-28/brazil-new-decree-
defines-competence-of-regulatory-body-for-crypto-assets/?loclr=ealln. Accessed
12 Nov. 2023.

[6] “Brazil: New Decree Defines Competence of Regulatory Body for ….”
https://www.loc.gov/item/global-legal-monitor/2023-06-28/brazil-new-decree-
defines-competence-of-regulatory-body-for-crypto-assets/?loclr=ealln. Accessed
12 Nov. 2023.

[7] “Brazil central bank names its digital currency ‘DREX … – Reuters.” 7 Aug.
2023, https://www.reuters.com/technology/brazil-central-bank-names-its-
digital-currency-drex-scheduled-2024-launch-2023-08-07/. Accessed 12 Nov.
2023.

[8] “New regulation only the first step for crypto assets in Brazil.” 30 Jun.
2023, https://brazilian.report/opinion/2023/06/30/new-regulation-crypto-
assets/. Accessed 12 Nov. 2023.

[9] https://www.statista.com/outlook/fmo/digital-
assets/cryptocurrencies/brazil#:~:text=Revenue%20is%20expected%20to%20show,to%20US%2414.1%20in%202023.

![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/footer.png?x88149)

[![Metaco](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/logo-w.svg?x88149)](https://www.metaco.com)

  * [Solutions](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/)
    * [Global Custodians](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/global-custodians-top-tier-banks/)
    * [Universal Banks](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/universal-banks/)
    * [Neobanks & Fintechs](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/neobanks-fintechs/)
    * [Regulated Exchanges](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/regulated-exchanges/)
    * [Corporates](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/corporates/)
  * [Platform](https://www.metaco.com/platform/)
    * [Harmonize™](https://www.metaco.com/platform/harmonize/)
    * [Custody](https://www.metaco.com/platform/custody/)
    * [Trading](https://www.metaco.com/platform/trading/)
    * [Web3](https://www.metaco.com/platform/web3/)
    * [Governance](https://www.metaco.com/platform/governance/)
    * [Orchestration](https://www.metaco.com/platform/orchestration/)
    * [Tokenization](https://www.metaco.com/platform/tokenization/)
    * [Integration](https://www.metaco.com/platform/integration/)
    * [Security](https://www.metaco.com/platform/security/)
  * [Company](https://www.metaco.com/company/media-coverage-press-releases/)
    * [About](https://www.metaco.com/company/about/)
    * [Media & news](https://www.metaco.com/company/media-coverage-press-releases/)
    * [Jobs](https://www.metaco.com/jobs/)
  * [Resources](https://www.metaco.com/resources/)
    * [Talks](https://www.metaco.com/resources/talks/)
    * [Webinars](https://www.metaco.com/resources/webinars/)
    * [Case studies](https://www.metaco.com/resources/case-studies/)
    * [Reports](https://www.metaco.com/resources/reports/)
    * [Blog](https://www.metaco.com/resources/blog/)

![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/10/sco2.png?x88149)![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/10/iso27001.png?x88149)

  * [__](https://www.twitter.com/metaco_sa "Twitter: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")
  * [__](https://www.linkedin.com/company/metaco-ag/ "Linkedin: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")
  * [__](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC4MLOKnJD9bXfHVXMnHM7ow "Youtube: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")
  * [__](https://open.spotify.com/show/0IiI7iftR3F3RqinfJbpRT "Spotify: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")

© 2015-2024 - Metaco SA - All Rights Reserved |[ Terms & Conditions](https://www.metaco.com/terms-conditions/) | [Privacy Policy](https://www.metaco.com/privacy-policy/) | [Cookie policy](https://www.metaco.com/cookie-policy/)

