Contact us

Thank you

Your submission has been received. We will reach out to you soon.

[Chainalysis](/)

  * Solutions
  * Customers
  * Services
  * Insights
  * Company
  * [Log in](https://app.chainalysis.com/login/)[Request a demo](https://www.chainalysis.com/request-a-demo/)

  * [Crypto Investigations](/solution/crypto-investigations/)Employ industry leading blockchain intelligence to tackle crypto challenges

  * [Web3 Growth](/solution/web3-growth/)Leverage on-chain user insights to boost engagement and success

  * [Crypto Risk](/solution/crypto-risk/)Delivering effective risk management solutions for regulatory compliance and operational safety

[Free Sanctions Screening](/free-cryptocurrency-sanctions-screening-
tools/)Avoid interaction with sanctioned activity

  * [Blockchain Intelligence](/blockchain-intelligence/)

Power your blockchain technology needs with industry-leading intelligence

[Transpose](/transpose/)Lightning fast, indexed blockchain data

  * [Chainalysis Platform](/platform/)Enterprise ready infrastructure for blockchain analysis solutions

Industries

  * [Law Enforcement](/law-enforcement/)Detect, disrupt, and deter crypto crime with blockchain insights

[Regulators](/regulators/)Protect consumers, establish safe markets, and
maintain financial stability

[Tax Agencies](/tax-agencies/)Administer, implement, and enforce tax policies
for digital assets

  * [Financial Institutions](/financial-institutions/)Generate new revenue opportunities with digital assets

[Centralized Exchanges](/centralized-exchanges/)Optimize crypto exchange
operations through data insights

  * [Consumer Brands](/consumer-brands/)Start your seamless transition into web3

[Decentralized Finance](/solutions/defi/)Scale projects securely with low-lift
integrations

[Customer Stories](/customer-stories/)

  * [![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/10/ct-state-police-featured-thumbnail.png)Connecticut State Police safeguards citizens from digital crimes](https://www.chainalysis.com/customer-stories/facing-crypto-crime-in-connecticut/)[![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/10/morabanc-featured-thumbnail.png)Morabanc serves as trusted entry point to world of digital assets](https://www.chainalysis.com/customer-stories/morabanc/)

  * [Investigations & Special Programs](/crypto-investigations-and-special-programs/)Professional investigators providing forensic analysis to resolve cybersecurity breaches and trace stolen funds
  * [Training & Certification](/chainalysis-certification-programs/)

Equip yourself with the knowledge needed to navigate cryptocurrency
confidently

  * [Chainalysis Academy ](https://academy.chainalysis.com/)

Get started with short training courses

  * [Blog](/blog/)[Crime](/blog/category/crime/)[Markets](/blog/category/markets/)[Policy & Regulation](/blog/category/policy-and-regulation/)[Crypto Basics](/blog/category/crypto-basics/)[Chainalysis in Action](/blog/category/chainalysis-in-action/)[Company News](/blog/category/company-news/)
  * [Webinars](/webinars/)View upcoming and on-demand webinars from our experts and industry leaders.[Podcast](/blog/category/podcast/)Public Key is the cryptocurrency and compliance podcast.[Chainalysis Links](/links-nyc/)The digital asset event where the public and private sectors meet.
  * [Reports](/reports/)

[![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/02/thumbnail-crime-
report.png)The 2024 Crypto Crime Report](https://go.chainalysis.com/crypto-
crime-2024.html)[![Geos report thumbnail image, and abstracted map with a
generic bar chart](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-
content/uploads/2024/01/thumbnail-geos-2023.png)The 2023 Geography of
Cryptocurrency Report](https://go.chainalysis.com/geography-of-
cryptocurrency-2023.html)

  * [Why Chainalysis](/why-chainalysis/)Turn blockchain transactions into insights and risk into compliance.
  * [About Chainalysis](/company/)Chainalysis is the blockchain data platform.
  * [Careers](/careers/)Chainalysis is growing fast, globally. Join us today.
  * [Chainalysis Government Solutions](/government/)[Partner Directory](https://partner.chainalysis.com/English/directory/)[Become a Partner](https://partner.chainalysis.com/English/)

[Chainalysis](/)

  * Solutions
  * Customers
  * Services
  * Insights
  * Company
  * [Log in](https://app.chainalysis.com/login/)[Request a demo](https://www.chainalysis.com/request-a-demo/)

Back arrow

Solutions

    * [Crypto Investigations](/solution/crypto-investigations/)
    * [Crypto Risk](/solution/crypto-risk/)
    * [Free Sanctions Screening](/free-cryptocurrency-sanctions-screening-tools/)
    * [Web3 Growth](/solution/web3-growth/)
    * [Blockchain Intelligence](/blockchain-intelligence/)
    * [Transpose](/transpose/)
    * * * *

    * [Chainalysis Platform](/platform/)

Back arrow

Customers

    * [Law Enforcement](/law-enforcement/)
    * [Regulators](/regulators/)
    * [Tax Agencies](/tax-agencies/)
    * [Financial Institutions](/financial-institutions/)
    * [Centralized Exchanges](/centralized-exchanges/)
    * [Consumer Brands](/consumer-brands/)
    * [Decentralized Finance](/solutions/defi/)
    * * * *

    * [Customer Stories](/customer-stories/)

Back arrow

Services

    * [Investigations & Special ProgramsProfessional investigators providing forensic analysis to resolve cybersecurity breaches and trace stolen funds](/crypto-investigations-and-special-programs/)
    * [Training & CertificationEquip yourself with the knowledge needed to navigate cryptocurrency confidently](/chainalysis-certification-programs/)
    * [Chainalysis AcademyGet started with short training courses](https://academy.chainalysis.com/)

Back arrow

Insights

    * [Blog](https://www.chainalysis.com/blog/)[Crime](/blog/category/crime/)[Markets](/blog/category/markets/)[Policy & Regulation](/blog/category/policy-and-regulation/)[Crypto Basics](/blog/category/crypto-basics/)[Chainalysis in Action](/blog/category/chainalysis-in-action/)[Company News](/blog/category/company-news/)
    * [Webinars](/webinars/)
    * [Podcast](/blog/category/podcast/)
    * [Chainalysis Links](/links-nyc/)
    * [Reports](/reports/)

Back arrow

Company

    * [Why ChainalysisTurn blockchain transactions into insights and risk into compliance](/why-chainalysis/)
    * [About ChainalysisChainalysis is the blockchain data platform.](/company/)
    * [CareersChainalysis is growing fast, globally. Join us today.](/careers/)
    * [Chainalysis Government Solutions](/government/)
    * [Partner Directory](https://partner.chainalysis.com/English/directory/)
    * [Become a Partner](https://partner.chainalysis.com/English/)

Decentralized Finance

## Scale projects securely with low-lift integrations

Proactively manage risk, minimize security threats, and accelerate your growth
momentum.

[ Learn more ](https://www.chainalysis.com/cryptocurrency-address-screening/)

![industry-decentralized-finance](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-
content/uploads/2023/10/industry-decentralized-finance.jpg)

![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/03/rarible-logo.svg)

![Dapper Labs logo](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-
content/uploads/2023/10/logo-dapper-labs.svg)

![Tribute Labs logo](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-
content/uploads/2023/10/logo-tribute-labs.svg)

![Omnia logo](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/10/logo-
omnia.svg)

![Morpho logo](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/10/logo-
morpho.svg)

![Abracadabra logo](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-
content/uploads/2023/10/logo-abracadabra.svg)

  * Overview 
  * Capabilities 
  * Services 
  * Resources 

## Overview

Optimize for efficiency

Use a low-lift, user-friendly risk solution for your platform, freeing up
resources to tackle other business opportunities and challenges.

Respond to emerging crypto threats

Adapt to the evolving crypto-related risk, ensuring your protocol stays
resilient against emerging hacking methods and illicit activity.

Eliminate potential risk

Implement seamless onboarding by screening new entities and users before
engaging to protect your user base and platform.

Foster growth through trust

Expand your user base and attract investors by building trust through strong
security measures.

Podcast

### Block by Block: Assessing The Risk In DeFi Protocols

[ Listen to the episode ](https://www.chainalysis.com/blog/chainalysis-
podcast-episode-33-assessing-the-risk-in-defi-protocols/)

![podcast-block-by-block](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-
content/uploads/2023/10/podcast-block-by-block.png)

Capabilities

## Securely unlock new opportunities in web3

![icon-process](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/10/icon-
process.svg)

### Entity risking

Assess crypto related risks in milliseconds by screening various entities on-
chain.

![icon-entity-risking-2](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-
content/uploads/2023/10/icon-entity-risking-1.svg)

### Customizable risk thresholds

Programmatically onboard on-chain entities leveraging risk scores based on
your risk appetite.

![icon-data-code](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/10/icon-
data-code.svg)

### Blockchain indexing

Build rich user experiences by streamlining your development process with the
most comprehensive, [indexed blockchain data
set](https://www.chainalysis.com/transpose/).

![icon-blockchain-analytics](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-
content/uploads/2023/10/icon-blockchain-analytics.svg)

### Investigative graphing

Deep dive into suspicious activity with visual analytics and graphing
functionality.

Request a demo

SERVICES

## Crypto education, training, and support

**Security breach support**  
Rapid response retainer service for high-risk targets of hacks.

**Elevate crypto expertise**  
Gain proficiency in speaking to blockchain topics and market trends through
foundational and ongoing courses led by industry experts.

[ Visit the Academy ](https://academy.chainalysis.com/)

### NFTs are one of the most exciting spaces in cryptocurrency, but they will
only be successful in the long-term if we can ensure a safe environment for
our customers.

![Photo of Naeem Bawla](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-
content/uploads/2023/10/photo-naeem-bawla.jpg)

Naeem Bawla, Associate Director of Compliance, Dapper Labs

### Decentralized finance resources

[ ![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/10/resource-blog-
dapper-labs.png) Blog Chainalysis Brings Leading Compliance Solution to Dapper
Labs ](https://www.chainalysis.com/blog/chainalysis-dapper-labs-announcement/)

[ ![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/10/resource-news-
dboe.png) News DeFi Board Options Exchange (DBOE) Enhances Compliance to
Strengthen Consumer and Investor Confidence
](https://finance.yahoo.com/news/defi-board-options-exchange-
dboe-020000172.html?)

[ ![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/10/resource-podcast-
web3-gaming.png) News DeFi Board Options Exchange (DBOE) Enhances Compliance
to Strengthen Consumer and Investor Confidence
](https://finance.yahoo.com/news/defi-board-options-exchange-
dboe-020000172.html?)

[ ![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/10/resource-blog-
dapper-labs.png) Blog Chainalysis Brings Leading Compliance Solution to Dapper
Labs ](https://www.chainalysis.com/blog/chainalysis-dapper-labs-announcement/)

[ ![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/10/resource-news-
dboe.png) News DeFi Board Options Exchange (DBOE) Enhances Compliance to
Strengthen Consumer and Investor Confidence
](https://finance.yahoo.com/news/defi-board-options-exchange-
dboe-020000172.html?)

[ ![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/10/resource-podcast-
web3-gaming.png) News DeFi Board Options Exchange (DBOE) Enhances Compliance
to Strengthen Consumer and Investor Confidence
](https://finance.yahoo.com/news/defi-board-options-exchange-
dboe-020000172.html?)

[ ![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/10/resource-blog-
dapper-labs.png) Blog Chainalysis Brings Leading Compliance Solution to Dapper
Labs ](https://www.chainalysis.com/blog/chainalysis-dapper-labs-announcement/)

[ ![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/10/resource-news-
dboe.png) News DeFi Board Options Exchange (DBOE) Enhances Compliance to
Strengthen Consumer and Investor Confidence
](https://finance.yahoo.com/news/defi-board-options-exchange-
dboe-020000172.html?)

[ ![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/10/resource-podcast-
web3-gaming.png) News DeFi Board Options Exchange (DBOE) Enhances Compliance
to Strengthen Consumer and Investor Confidence
](https://finance.yahoo.com/news/defi-board-options-exchange-
dboe-020000172.html?)

## Get started with Chainalysis

Request a demo

Subscribe to our weekly newsletter

Thank you for subscribing to the Chainalysis weekly newsletter.

Solutions

  * [Platform](https://www.chainalysis.com/platform/)
  * [Crypto Investigations Solution](https://www.chainalysis.com/solution/crypto-investigations/)
  * [Crypto Risk Solution](https://www.chainalysis.com/solution/crypto-risk/)
  * [Web3 Growth Solution ](https://www.chainalysis.com/solution/web3-growth/)
  * [Blockchain Intelligence](https://www.chainalysis.com/blockchain-intelligence/)
  * [Transpose](https://www.chainalysis.com/transpose/)
  * [Free Sanctions Screening](https://www.chainalysis.com/free-cryptocurrency-sanctions-screening-tools/)

Industries

  * [Law Enforcement](https://www.chainalysis.com/law-enforcement/)
  * [Centralized Exchanges](https://www.chainalysis.com/centralized-exchanges/)
  * [Financial Institutions](https://www.chainalysis.com/financial-institutions/)
  * [Tax Agencies](https://www.chainalysis.com/tax-agencies/)
  * [Regulators](https://www.chainalysis.com/regulators/)
  * [Decentralized Finance](https://www.chainalysis.com/solutions/defi/)
  * [Consumer Brands](https://www.chainalysis.com/consumer-brands/)

Careers

  * [Open Positions](https://www.chainalysis.com/careers/job-openings/)

Company

  * [About Us](https://www.chainalysis.com/company/)
  * [Chainalysis Partner Locator](https://partner.chainalysis.com/english/directory/)
  * [Become a Chainalysis Partner](https://partner.chainalysis.com/English/)

Contact Us

  * [Sales](mailto:sales@chainalysis.com)
  * [Media](mailto:media@chainalysis.com)

Resources

  * [Blog](https://www.chainalysis.com/blog/)
  * [Webinars](https://www.chainalysis.com/webinars/)
  * [Podcast](https://www.chainalysis.com/blog/category/podcast/)
  * [Reports](https://www.chainalysis.com/reports/)

Services

  * [Investigations & Special Programs](https://www.chainalysis.com/crypto-investigations-and-special-programs/)
  * [Training & Certification](https://www.chainalysis.com/chainalysis-certification-programs/)

[![Chainalysis Linkedin](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/11/icon-linkedin-
lightblue.svg)](https://www.linkedin.com/company/chainalysis/)[![Chainalysis
Twitter](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/10/icon-footer-
twitter-x-blue.svg)](https://twitter.com/chainalysis)[![Chainalysis
YouTube](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/11/icon-youtube-
lightblue.svg)](https://www.youtube.com/c/Chainalysis)[![Chainalysis
Telegram](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/03/icon-
telegram-lightblue.svg)](https://t.me/chainalysisinc)

© 2024, Chainalysis

  * [Privacy Policy](https://www.chainalysis.com/privacy-policy/)

  * [Legal](https://www.chainalysis.com/legal/)

Change region

  * [English](https://www.chainalysis.com/solutions/defi/)
  * [日本語](https://www.chainalysis.com/ja/solutions/defi/)
  * [한국어](https://www.chainalysis.com/ko/solutions/defi/)
  * [Español](https://www.chainalysis.com/es/soluciones/defi/)
  * [Deutsch](https://www.chainalysis.com/de/solutions/defi/)

![websights](https://ws.zoominfo.com/pixel/Na6GzfmL0i0pW4qWYEKS)

![](https://bat.bing.com/action/0?ti=136016409&tm=gtm002&Ver=2&mid=01c1bdf9-a642-497d-a3b9-75b81403526b&sid=e582d6601cfe11ef983557487dee0ac4&vid=e582e8c01cfe11ef958ab532ed1a59cd&vids=1&msclkid=N&pi=918639831&lg=en-
US&sw=800&sh=600&sc=24&tl=Decentralized%20Finance%20Solutions%20-%20Chainalysis&p=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.chainalysis.com%2Fsolutions%2Fdefi%2F&r=&evt=pageLoad&sv=1&rn=552670)

![](https://t.co/i/adsct?bci=3&eci=2&event_id=ead2cf0d-93db-4a22-980f-84706b69032b&events=%5B%5B%22pageview%22%2C%7B%7D%5D%5D&integration=advertiser&p_id=Twitter&p_user_id=0&pl_id=bddbf54c-381f-48e4-b21f-911eca926309&tw_document_href=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.chainalysis.com%2Fsolutions%2Fdefi%2F&tw_iframe_status=0&tw_order_quantity=0&tw_sale_amount=0&txn_id=o942f&type=javascript&version=2.3.30)![](https://analytics.twitter.com/i/adsct?bci=3&eci=2&event_id=ead2cf0d-93db-4a22-980f-84706b69032b&events=%5B%5B%22pageview%22%2C%7B%7D%5D%5D&integration=advertiser&p_id=Twitter&p_user_id=0&pl_id=bddbf54c-381f-48e4-b21f-911eca926309&tw_document_href=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.chainalysis.com%2Fsolutions%2Fdefi%2F&tw_iframe_status=0&tw_order_quantity=0&tw_sale_amount=0&txn_id=o942f&type=javascript&version=2.3.30)![](https://cdn.bizible.com/ipv?_biz_r=&_biz_h=-417244810&_biz_u=bfeff4bf504d45e8b90ffc7d92b7b6f6&_biz_l=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.chainalysis.com%2Fsolutions%2Fdefi%2F&_biz_t=1716906656321&_biz_i=Decentralized%20Finance%20Solutions%20-%20Chainalysis&_biz_n=0&rnd=793514&cdn_o=a&_biz_z=1716906657127)![](https://cdn.bizibly.com/u?_biz_u=bfeff4bf504d45e8b90ffc7d92b7b6f6&_biz_l=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.chainalysis.com%2Fsolutions%2Fdefi%2F&_biz_t=1716906657128&_biz_i=Decentralized%20Finance%20Solutions%20-%20Chainalysis&rnd=165568&cdn_o=a&_biz_z=1716906657128)

## Cookies

When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your
browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you,
your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as
you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but
it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your
right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on
the different category headings to find out more and change our default
settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience
of the site and the services we are able to offer.  
[More information](https://www.chainalysis.com/privacy-policy/)

Allow All

###  Manage Consent Preferences

#### Strictly Necessary Cookies

Always Active

Strictly Necessary Cookies

These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched
off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by
you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy
preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block
or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then
work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.

#### Performance Cookies

Performance Cookies

These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure
and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are
the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All
information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If
you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our
site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.

#### Functional Cookies

Functional Cookies

These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and
personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose
services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then
some or all of these services may not function properly.

#### Targeting Cookies

Targeting Cookies

These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They
may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show
you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal
information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet
device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted
advertising.

Confirm My Choices

[](https://www.onetrust.com/products/cookie-consent/)

Back Button

Back

### Performance Cookies

Vendor Search Search Icon Filter Icon

Clear Filters

Information storage and access

Apply

Consent Leg.Interest

All Consent Allowed

Select All Vendors

Select All Vendors

All Consent Allowed

Confirm My Choices

[](https://www.onetrust.com/products/cookie-consent/)

When you visit our website, it may store or retrieve information on your
browser, mostly in the form of cookies. By clicking “Accept All Cookies”, you
agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation,
analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts. Because we respect
your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies.
Click on the "Cookie Settings" to find out more and change our default
settings.

Cookies Settings Accept All Cookies

![](https://px.ads.linkedin.com/collect/?pid=3331340&fmt=gif)

