[![Hivemapper
Logo](data:image/svg+xml;base64,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)](/explorer)

Build the Map

Use the Map

[![Bee Blog
Icon](data:image/svg+xml;base64,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)The
Latest Buzz](https://hivemapper.com/blog/)

February 21, 2024

# 5 Reasons Hivemapper Built the Bee

![](https://images.ctfassets.net/n5g2b08mtiib/5YoRgz2ke3pD1FOx7mt4kt/f969142f3a5dc4e21b918eafbe9fe95d/Welcome_to_the_Future_of_Mapmaking_-
_v1__1_.png?w=750&h=422&q=100&fm=png)![](https://images.ctfassets.net/n5g2b08mtiib/5YoRgz2ke3pD1FOx7mt4kt/f969142f3a5dc4e21b918eafbe9fe95d/Welcome_to_the_Future_of_Mapmaking_-
_v1__1_.png?w=750&h=422&q=100&fm=png)

By Ariel Seidman, Co-Founder and CEO, Hivemapper

âPeople who are really serious about software should make their own
hardware.â

Today, we introduced the Hivemapper Bee.

Itâs our most advanced mapping miner, capable of passively updating the
worldâs freshest map.  Itâs also a premium dashcam that keeps you safe and
secure on your daily drives.

We know some people will ask why we bother to design our own hardware instead
of using smartphones or off-the-shelf dashcams. Itâs a reasonable question;
hardware is hard.

You can easily spend millions of dollars designing a hardware device before
the first unit rolls off the line. Scaling manufacturing is even harder if
youâre doing something new. You often end up in Elon Muskâs âproduction
hell,â like we did with the Hivemapper Dashcam.

As we chart the path forward for decentralized mapping, it would be easier to
avoid hardware. But the graveyard of map technology is littered with failed
attempts to build maps with smartphone cameras or basic dashcams, for reasons
weâll explain below. Some of the worldâs largest app developers have tried
and failed.

It would also be easier to say âgood enoughâ and keep selling the current
models. Weâve already paid the upfront cost to develop them. We know how to
build them. If we were trying to maximize our profit margins, or to flex by
adding contributors as quickly as possible, thatâs what weâd do.

We wonât take the easy way out. We wonât sacrifice our long-term goals for
short-term gain.

Weâre here to build fresher and more accurate maps for humanity, and do it
in a fairer way.

Here are five reasons why the Hivemapper Bee will help us achieve that mission
â and why you should [place a preorder today](https://bee.hivemapper.com/)
to join us in shaping the future of mapping.

* * *

**1\. 100% passive is the only way  **

Most Hivemapper contributors want to install a camera in their car, interact
with it as little as possible, and earn rewards for helping to build the map.

On the project team, weâre mapping nerds. Some of our most active
contributors are mapping nerds too. We love that. But for most people, the
perfect user interface is no user interface at all.

That goes tenfold for Hivemapperâs hardworking fleet managers, who need
mapping to be dead simple for the drivers they recruit. For most business and
public sector fleets, training drivers to manage an app is more than just
annoying â itâs a deal-breaker.

When mapping requires effort, drivers give up unless the incentive to keep
mapping is very strong. In fact, this has been one of the death blows for
smartphone mapping apps, which typically require the user to mount the
smartphone and set up the app every time they enter the car. Itâs just too
much work. People donât stick with it once the novelty wears off.

Although the Hivemapper Dashcam and Hivemapper Dashcam S are far easier, and
have orders of magnitude better productivity as a result, thereâs still too
much work involved. And the root cause of this is needing to offload map data
to a smartphone app.

That changes now. With the Hivemapper Bee, you can finally enjoy 100% passive
mapping.

  * Every device will offer the option of cellular connectivity, for an added monthly fee. 

  * Every device will offer direct connectivity to a home or office WiFi router.

  * Enhanced edge processing means smaller file sizes â and faster uploads.

Whether you choose a cellular plan or allow the Hivemapper Bee to connect to a
WiFi router, the dream of passive mapping is finally here.

[![](https://images.ctfassets.net/n5g2b08mtiib/3HKpR7ONxcYZBeJv07GYV4/3b1f976290f52607bd37039eb7e9ba4d/Passive_is_the_Only_Way_-
_v1__2_.png?w=750&h=422&q=100&fm=png)![](https://images.ctfassets.net/n5g2b08mtiib/3HKpR7ONxcYZBeJv07GYV4/3b1f976290f52607bd37039eb7e9ba4d/Passive_is_the_Only_Way_-
_v1__2_.png?w=750&h=422&q=100&fm=png)](https://images.ctfassets.net/n5g2b08mtiib/3HKpR7ONxcYZBeJv07GYV4/3b1f976290f52607bd37039eb7e9ba4d/Passive_is_the_Only_Way_-
_v1__2_.png)

* * *

**2\. Doubling down on power and precision**

Poor quality has been the fatal flaw of every previous attempt at crowdsourced
mapping.

Projects with high friction and low quality fail. In one case we know well, a
big tech company acquired a crowdsourced mapping startup. As they dug into the
data, they discovered that the poor positional accuracy of the data made it
unusable for their use case. So it goes.

A few projects have managed to scale a relatively passive experience using
crowdsourced sensors such as basic dashcams, but low-quality data has held
them back. Mapping customers have been able to get a little bit of value from
these projects â¦ but only a little.

Hivemapper wonât settle for anything less than revolutionizing how maps are
made.

From years of experience, we know basic hardware canât get the job done.
Decentralized mapping requires more compute power for edge processing, beyond
the privacy blurring and basic map processing we do today. Precision
positioning requires a higher-end GNSS chip and a bigger antenna than any
smartphone could possibly offer.

Weâve chosen every component of the Hivemapper Bee to boost quality along
the most important dimensions for mapping compared to our current models. What
does that look like?

  * **Better positioning**. Weâre adding a larger antenna for more precise baseline positioning, and a dual-band (L1/L5) GNSS chip that offers better support for RTK/PPK corrections.

  * **Stereo cameras**. Detecting a street sign isnât useful if you canât say precisely where it is. Stereo cameras make this job much easier, as we proved with the Hivemapper Dashcam S. With a wider âbaselineâ between cameras than the smartphone form factor can offer, the Hivemapper Bee will be able to judge depth just like human eyes can.

  * **All-season readiness**. Mounting a camera outside results in far better imagery and positional accuracy. Youâll be able to do it with confidence with the Hivemapper Bee, which will be sealed to protect against water intrusion and tested to perform in both intensely hot and cold climates.

From a hardware perspective, the Hivemapper Bee is more like the advanced
driver assistance systems
([_ADAS)_](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Advanced_driver-assistance_system) in
a modern car than it is like a dashcam. In the not-too-distant future, we
expect a similar hardware and software package to make it into automotive
platforms.

* * *

**3\. Mapping on the edge**

Hivemapper contributors have mapped a staggering 130 million total kilometers
since the launch of the network in November 2022. With one image uploaded for
every six to eight meters of driving, thatâs 125 images per kilometer and
well over 10 billion images uploaded to date.

Do we need all those images to build a map? No, we do not. If we tried to
scale this approach to global coverage, we would probably go bankrupt from the
cloud computing fees.

Sometimes, uploading images is important. If we havenât seen a road in a
while, the map will benefit from knowing how it looks now â even if nothing
has changed as far as we can tell.

But usually, the only question is whether the image helps us improve our
understanding of the world â across either the âstaticâ and
âdynamicâ elements of the map.  Static map features are those that rarely
change, like traffic lights. Dynamic map features are those that change
quickly and affect navigation, such as road debris or a road closure.

Weâve designed the Hivemapper Bee with extremely powerful edge computing
capabilities:

  * 4GB of RAM

  * 4x ARM* A53 (1.5GHz) 

  * ML Performance: 5.1 TOPS Processor

  * Depth sensing optimized

This powerful setup will allow the Hivemapper Bee to process images in real
time, beyond the privacy blurring and basic map processing we do today. It
will be able to determine whether the network needs a fresh image. It will be
able to detect both static (speed limit signs) and dynamic objects (car
accidents), position them in space, and send a small payload to the network
with metadata and a thumbnail image. Smaller payloads mean faster uploads,
lower data charges and lower computing costs for achieving global scale.

Thatâs efficient. Thatâs scalable. Thatâs mapping on the edge.

* * *

**4\. Better data, better rewards**

You might be thinking: This sounds great for the map, but whatâs in it for
contributors?

First, the short version.

Because the Hivemapper Bee collects more types of data, and collects higher
quality data, we expect it to yield better rewards than the Hivemapper Dashcam
and Hivemapper Dashcam S. Existing devices will still be supported and will
still earn rewards, but itâs only fair that the best rewards should go to
the device that is generating the most utility.

Now, the long version.

There are many reasons the Hivemapper Bee should get better rewards.

  * With a 100% passive experience, the Hivemapper Bee will make it easier to upload map data, and therefore less likely that contributors will forget to upload before the deadline. 

  * With better positional accuracy and image quality, the Hivemapper Bee will have a smaller proportion of its map data rejected due to low quality, meaning fewer mapping gaps.

  * With the rollout of the Hivemapper Bee, the Hivemapper Foundation plans to restructure the weekly rewards pool to account for Map Features generated on the edge.

That last one is complicated, so hereâs a bit more detail.

In current state, about 87% of the weekly minted rewards pool goes to
contributors for submitting Map Images, 10% goes to the administrator of the
network (currently Hivemapper Inc.) to cover processing and storage costs and
about 3% goes to contributors for AI Trainer tasks. With the launch of the
Hivemapper Bee, which adds more value than prior models by extracting and
precisely positioning Map Features, this rewards structure would not be fair.

In a [blog post](https://medium.com/p/5815e2a1c9c9) this week, the Hivemapper
Foundation said it plans to propose a restructuring of the rewards pool
effective later this year to account for new additions such as Buzz, AI
Trainers and Map Features generated on the edge by the Hivemapper Bee. The
exact design is yet to be determined, and will be subject to public comment.
The blog post made clear that the transition would be gradual, and would not
occur until Bee fulfillment is well underway.

However, the end result will ensure that contributors are fairly rewarded for
deploying higher-quality hardware like the Hivemapper Bee.

* * *

**5\. An open platform for partners**

Although weâve spent a lot of time and money developing hardware for the
Hivemapper Network, weâve always planned to fully open-source our designs so
the worldâs best manufacturers can benefit from our investment and carry the
baton forward.

We havenât done this yet, and the reason is that we havenât had high
enough conviction that we had settled on the right design to scale through
partners. Once you open the Pandoraâs Box of allowing devices from many
manufacturers, there is no going back.

But we have high conviction that the Hivemapper Bee will be that design. Once
the Hivemapper Bee goes into production, we will work with forward-looking
partners to scale smart camera production based on the Hivemapper Bee design.

But our ambitions are bigger than that.

Most of the top-tier ADAS systems built into modern cars have comparable
sensors and compute capabilities. And automotive integration is undoubtedly
the most passive, most scalable way to achieve our mission of building a
decentralized global map.

Over the course of 2024 and 2025, we will develop an open-source hardware and
software platform based on the Bee and start working toward integrating the
Hivemapper mapping technology into a wide range of vehicles and aftermarket
devices.

But you wonât have to wait for a Hivemapper-compatible car. Youâll be able
to install a Bee in your car this year.

* * *

All in all, powerful hardware devices such as the Bee are critical to
achieving the Hivemapper Networkâs mission of building fresher and more
accurate maps, and doing it in a fairer way.

With the Bee mapping miner, contributors will find it easier than ever to
contribute to the network. Their map data will be more precise than ever. And
the network will make the best possible use of the computing power of their
miner, earning greater rewards in the process.  If this wasn't enough, the Bee
has premium safety features that help keep you safe and protected on your
daily drives.

To join the movement, just go to
[_bee.hivemapper.com_](https://bee.hivemapper.com/) and pre-order yours today.

Share Post

Latest Posts

[![](data:image/jpeg;base64,/9j/4AAQSkZJRgABAQEASABIAAD/2wBDABALDA4MChAODQ4SERATGCgaGBYWGDEjJR0oOjM9PDkzODdASFxOQERXRTc4UG1RV19iZ2hnPk1xeXBkeFxlZ2P/2wBDARESEhgVGC8aGi9jQjhCY2NjY2NjY2NjY2NjY2NjY2NjY2NjY2NjY2NjY2NjY2NjY2NjY2NjY2NjY2NjY2NjY2P/wAARCAALABQDASIAAhEBAxEB/8QAGAAAAgMAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAQCAwb/xAAhEAACAgAFBQAAAAAAAAAAAAABAgADBBESIaEiMTJRYf/EABYBAQEBAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAIAAf/EABYRAQEBAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAREv/aAAwDAQACEQMRAD8AyteEqsoRjYFZhv0nbmRoGmx6nUPkO4PMUFjgZB2AH2C+UTFmJVRcdClV9GEZVQVBIzMIsKv/2Q==)![Images
Blog Minimake-your-mount-a-4-4-so-we-can-build-better-
maps](https://images.ctfassets.net/n5g2b08mtiib/4CU3O2vh1XkEufK4Tbbw2p/fb577bd1bf174df17e35e22e4e97d522/Hivemapper_-
_Make_Your_Mount_-_Landscape_-
_v1.jpg?w=750&h=375&fl=progressive&q=50&fm=jpg)![Images Blog Minimake-your-
mount-a-4-4-so-we-can-build-better-
maps](https://images.ctfassets.net/n5g2b08mtiib/4CU3O2vh1XkEufK4Tbbw2p/fb577bd1bf174df17e35e22e4e97d522/Hivemapper_-
_Make_Your_Mount_-_Landscape_-
_v1.jpg?w=750&h=375&fl=progressive&q=50&fm=jpg)Make Your Mount a 4/4 So We Can
Build Better Maps!May 13, 2024](/blog/make-your-mount-a-4-4-so-we-can-build-
better-
maps)[![](data:image/png;base64,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)![Images
Blog Mininavigating-the-road-ahead-why-your-fleet-needs-bee-hivemappers-
newest](https://images.ctfassets.net/n5g2b08mtiib/4WiP2UuVA2VgslKYIKMcOu/49a6bdb55186b99fe43dc94769ab0692/Hivemapper_-
_Why_Your_Fleets_Needs_Bee_-_Hero_-_v2.2.png?w=750&h=375&q=50&fm=png)![Images
Blog Mininavigating-the-road-ahead-why-your-fleet-needs-bee-hivemappers-
newest](https://images.ctfassets.net/n5g2b08mtiib/4WiP2UuVA2VgslKYIKMcOu/49a6bdb55186b99fe43dc94769ab0692/Hivemapper_-
_Why_Your_Fleets_Needs_Bee_-_Hero_-
_v2.2.png?w=750&h=375&q=50&fm=png)Navigating the Road Ahead: Why Your Fleet
Needs âBeeâ Hivemapperâs Newest DashcamApril 19, 2024](/blog/navigating-
the-road-ahead-why-your-fleet-needs-bee-hivemappers-
newest)[![](data:image/jpeg;base64,/9j/4AAQSkZJRgABAQEASABIAAD/2wBDABALDA4MChAODQ4SERATGCgaGBYWGDEjJR0oOjM9PDkzODdASFxOQERXRTc4UG1RV19iZ2hnPk1xeXBkeFxlZ2P/2wBDARESEhgVGC8aGi9jQjhCY2NjY2NjY2NjY2NjY2NjY2NjY2NjY2NjY2NjY2NjY2NjY2NjY2NjY2NjY2NjY2NjY2P/wAARCAALABQDASIAAhEBAxEB/8QAGQAAAgMBAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAQBAgUG/8QAIhAAAgICAQMFAAAAAAAAAAAAAQIAEQMhBBITQRQiMVGR/8QAFAEBAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAv/EABYRAQEBAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAEAEf/aAAwDAQACEQMRAD8A5LDm43ZUMq9VC/G/yThX1BKppuqgPFTOX5lkdgTTEWIxYpOczGuLktjUj26NG9wiln7hEMcv/9k=)![Images
Blog Miniget-rewarded-for-road-reporting-with-the-new-hivemapper-
app](https://images.ctfassets.net/n5g2b08mtiib/4D7jgAF8Xy0Uif3Dx8yw17/d9280cf4c4f2f53c107ad43e98a3b368/Get_Rewarded_for_Road_Reporting_-
_Hero_-_v4.jpg?w=750&h=375&fl=progressive&q=50&fm=jpg)![Images Blog Miniget-
rewarded-for-road-reporting-with-the-new-hivemapper-
app](https://images.ctfassets.net/n5g2b08mtiib/4D7jgAF8Xy0Uif3Dx8yw17/d9280cf4c4f2f53c107ad43e98a3b368/Get_Rewarded_for_Road_Reporting_-
_Hero_-_v4.jpg?w=750&h=375&fl=progressive&q=50&fm=jpg)Get Rewarded for Road
Reporting with the New Hivemapper AppJanuary 24, 2024](/blog/get-rewarded-for-
road-reporting-with-the-new-hivemapper-app)

[Read More](https://hivemapper.com/blog/)

[Blog](/blog)

[Careers](/careers)

[Media Kit](/media-kit)

[Privacy](/privacy)

[](https://discord.com/invite/FRWMKyy5v2)[](https://twitter.com/Hivemapper)[](https://www.instagram.com/hivemapper)

![](https://t.co/i/adsct?bci=3&eci=2&event_id=125cd4ae-4989-44c2-9377-6a05761f66fc&events=%5B%5B%22pageview%22%2C%7B%7D%5D%5D&integration=advertiser&p_id=Twitter&p_user_id=0&pl_id=083bf4a5-794e-44c0-a166-ef0735f2b4c4&tw_document_href=https%3A%2F%2Fhivemapper.com%2Fblog%2F5-reasons-
hivemapper-built-
bee%2F&tw_iframe_status=0&tw_order_quantity=0&tw_sale_amount=0&txn_id=o8cxm&type=javascript&version=2.3.30)![](https://analytics.twitter.com/i/adsct?bci=3&eci=2&event_id=125cd4ae-4989-44c2-9377-6a05761f66fc&events=%5B%5B%22pageview%22%2C%7B%7D%5D%5D&integration=advertiser&p_id=Twitter&p_user_id=0&pl_id=083bf4a5-794e-44c0-a166-ef0735f2b4c4&tw_document_href=https%3A%2F%2Fhivemapper.com%2Fblog%2F5-reasons-
hivemapper-built-
bee%2F&tw_iframe_status=0&tw_order_quantity=0&tw_sale_amount=0&txn_id=o8cxm&type=javascript&version=2.3.30)

