[](https://www.binance.com/en)

[Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/crypto/buy)

[Markets](https://www.binance.com/en/markets/overview)

Trade

Basic

  * [SpotBuy and sell on the Spot market with advanced tools](https://www.binance.com/en/trade/BTC_USDT?type=spot)
  * [MarginIncrease your profits with leverage](https://www.binance.com/en/trade?type=cross)
  * [P2PBuy & sell cryptocurrencies using bank transfer and 800+ options](https://p2p.binance.com/en)
  * [Convert & Block TradeThe easiest way to trade at all sizes](https://www.binance.com/en/convert)

Advanced

  * [Trading BotsTrade smarter with our various automated strategies - easy, fast and reliable](https://www.binance.com/en/trading-bots)
  * [Copy TradingFollow the most popular traders](https://www.binance.com/en/copy-trading)
  * [APIsUnlimited opportunities with one key](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-api)

[Futures](https://www.binance.com/en/futures/home)

  * [USDⓈ-M FuturesContracts settled in USDT and USDC](https://www.binance.com/en/futures)
  * [COIN-M FuturesContracts settled in cryptocurrency](https://www.binance.com/en/delivery)
  * [OptionsUSDT Options with limited downside and affordable entry](https://www.binance.com/en/eoptions)

[Earn](https://www.binance.com/en/earn)

[Square](https://www.binance.com/en/square)

  * [SquareStay informed with everything crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/square)
  * [Academy (Learn & Earn)Earn crypto by learning about blockchain](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn)
  * [BlogExpand your knowledge and get the latest insights](https://www.binance.com/en/blog)
  * [ResearchInstitutional-grade analysis, in-depth insights, and more](https://www.binance.com/en/research)

More

  * [VIP & InstitutionalYour trusted digital asset platform for VIPs and institutions](https://www.binance.com/en/vip-institutional-services)
  * [Launchpad & LaunchpoolDiscover and gain access to new token launches](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)
  * [MegadropLock your BNB and complete Web3 quests for boosted airdrop rewards](https://www.binance.com/en/megadrop)
  * [Mining PoolMine more rewards by connecting to the pool](https://pool.binance.com/en)
  * [PaySend, receive and spend crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/payment)
  * [LoansGet an instant loan secured by crypto assets](https://www.binance.com/en/loan)

  * [NFTExplore NFTs from creators worldwide](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/home)
  * [Fan TokenDiscover an all-new fandom and unlock unlimited fan experiences](https://www.binance.com/en/fan-token)
  * [Web3 WalletMeet the next-generation Web3 wallet](https://www.binance.com/en/web3wallet)
  * [BNB ChainThe most popular blockchain to build your own dApp](https://www.bnbchain.org)
  * [CharityBlockchain empowers charity to be more transparent, efficient, and traceable](https://www.binance.charity)

[Log
In](https://accounts.binance.com/en/login?loginChannel=blog&return_to=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYmluYW5jZS5jb20vZW4vYmxvZy9mYW4tdG9rZW4vYmluYW5jZS1sYXVuY2hlcy1maXJzdC1uZnQtb2YtdGhlLWJyYXNpbGVpciVDMyVBM28tYXNzYSVDMyVBRC01NTc4Njk0MDcwNzUzODA1MDExP2xhbmc9ZW4%3D)[Sign
Up](https://accounts.binance.com/en/register?registerChannel=blog&return_to=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYmluYW5jZS5jb20vZW4vYmxvZy9mYW4tdG9rZW4vYmluYW5jZS1sYXVuY2hlcy1maXJzdC1uZnQtb2YtdGhlLWJyYXNpbGVpciVDMyVBM28tYXNzYSVDMyVBRC01NTc4Njk0MDcwNzUzODA1MDExP2xhbmc9ZW4%3D)

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/images/common/logo.png)

Scan to Download App IOS & Android

[More Download
Options](https://www.binance.com/en/download?utm_source=&utm_campaign=)

##### [Binance Blog](/blog)

# Binance Launches First NFT of the Brasileirão Assaí

2023-04-14

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20230414/149c438d-f0f2-498c-aeaa-4b4abe6a71c0)

**São Paulo, April 14, 2023 -** Binance, the world's leading blockchain and
cryptocurrency infrastructure provider, and the Brazilian Football
Confederation (CBF), the highest football entity in Brazil, have teamed up to
launch the first NFT in the history of the Brasileirão Assaí. The initiative
offers fans access to technology that will enhance the match experience and
grant unique perks.

Starting Friday (April 14th), one day prior to the start of the 2023
tournament, the NFT Season Pass will be claimable free of charge to football
fans by following three quick steps:

  1. Register at [Brasileirão Assaí Website](http://brasileiraoassai.com.br/nft) and get a redemption serial code.

  2. Access the [Binance NFT Season Pass landing page](https://www.binance.com/en/fan-token/bws/event/cbf?ref=BWSCBF&utm_source=fan-token&utm_medium=cbf-pr&utm_campaign=cbf-cbf-fanverse-binance-pr&registerChannel=cbf) using the serial code and register on Binance. Existing Binance users will also be able to redeem their NFTs by referring friends to open an account on the exchange.

  3. Complete the identity verification (KYC) process, and the NFT will be automatically unlocked.

"During my term as leading manager of CBF, we seek to connect with all forms
of interaction with the fans. And it would not be different in this
partnership with Binance. Bringing technology, combined with the emotion of
football, will give us even more options for approaching and engaging with new
audiences and different fan profile,” evaluated the president of the Brazilian
Football Confederation (CBF), Ednaldo Rodrigues.

"We believe crypto and blockchain are the future of money and the internet,
bringing indisputable benefits to people, especially in developing countries,"
said Guilherme Nazar, Binance's country manager for Brazil. "We are honored to
partner with CBF, and we are sure that this historical launch will allow more
Brazilians to feel closer to their clubs and learn about crypto, so that they
can take advantage of what this technology has to offer."

## **NFT and crypto benefits**

Binance, the world's largest crypto exchange, believes that sports are a
territory where crypto can contribute to connect people with their passions
and idols in an easier way and offer a new source of income for clubs,
athletes and institutions around the world.  

Brazil is a very relevant market for Binance, and the exchange focuses on
increasing freedom of money by offering new products and services that allow
people to utilize crypto in their daily lives. In addition to the NFT Season
Pass, Binance also launched the Binance Card in Brazil this year, building the
bridge between traditional finance and crypto.

In sports, Binance has established itself as one of the great supporters of
Brazilian football. In addition to Brasileirão Assaí, the exchange also
sponsors Brasileirão Feminino Neoenergia, Brasileirão Feminino Binance A-2,
Brasileirão Feminino Binance A-3 and Santos Futebol Clube.

It also secures a relevant presence worldwide, including a recently announced
global partnership with Cristiano Ronaldo, the African Nations Cup (AFCON),
the biggest football event on the African continent, European football teams
Porto (Portugal), Lazio (Italy) and FC Shakhtar Donetsk, in addition to having
a partnership with the Alpine Formula 1 team.  

## **How the NFT will work**

The launch brings Brazilian football closer to a trend that is becoming
increasingly common among teams from different sports around the world. NFT
Season Pass holders will be able to join a Fanverse, an exclusive gamified
platform to be launched in May, which brings together actions and benefits in
partnership with Brasileirão Assaí.

NFT perks include access to the Fanverse, lower Binance trading fees and
discounts on CBF Academy Management and Business courses, available when the
Faverse is launched. Holders will be allowed to take part in match
predictions, voting polls and other gamified experiences. The best performers
will be able to redeem unique prizes, collectibles, tickets, hospitality
experiences and more.

## **What is an NFT?**

A non-fungible token (NFT) is a type of asset stored on the blockchain, and
represents something unique, collectible and that cannot be copied. Examples
of NFT include the image of a painting, a song, virtual land, game skins, to
cite only a few.

These tokens have been drawing more attention in recent years being considered
a new form of experiencing and owning art. A Deloitte survey shows that
transactions with these assets reached US$ 2 billion in 2022 alone.

In sports, they can unlock real-world experiences, such as access to images
and behind-the-scenes team conversations, or be a source of income and closer
connection with specific players.

## **Why do I need KYC?**  

Know Your Customer (KYC) is a mandatory process to check and verify people's
identities, in order to prevent money laundering and other illicit financial
activities. These checks increase security to users. Brazilians can complete
their KYC verification with basic government issued documents and proof of
address.

195,058,906 users chose us. Find out why today.

Register Now

Like this post

###### Share Post

Article Outlines

Binance Launches First NFT of the Brasileirão Assaí

NFT and crypto benefits

How the NFT will work

What is an NFT?

Why do I need KYC?

195,058,906 users chose us. Find out why today.

Register Now

### Community

[](https://discord.gg/jE4wt8g2H2)[](https://www.binance.com/en/community)[](https://www.tiktok.com/@binance?lang=en)[](https://www.facebook.com/binance)[](https://twitter.com/binance)[](https://www.reddit.com/r/binance)[](https://www.instagram.com/Binance/)[](https://coinmarketcap.com/exchanges/binance/)[](https://www.youtube.com/binanceyoutube)[](https://www.binance.com/en/community)

English

English

العربية

العربية (البحرين)

български

Čeština

Dansk

Deutsch (Schweiz)

Ελληνικά

English (UAE)

English (Australia)

English (Bahrain)

English (India)

English (Japan)

English (Kazakhstan)

English (Nigeria)

English (New Zealand)

English (South Africa)

Español (España)

Español (Argentina)

Español (Latinoamérica)

Español (México)

Français

Français (Afrique)

magyar nyelv

Bahasa Indonesia

Italiano

日本語

Қазақша (Қазақстан)

Қазақша

ລາວ

latviešu valoda

Polski

Português

Português (Brasil)

Română

Русский

Русский (Казахстан)

Русский (Украина)

සිංහල

Slovenčina

Slovenščina

Svenska

Türkçe

Українська

Tiếng Việt

简体中文

繁體中文

USD-$

USD-$

AED-د.إ

ARS-ARS$

AUD-A$

BDT-৳

BGN-лв

BHD-.د.ب

BOB-$b

BRL-R$

CAD-C$

CHF-CHF

CNY-¥

COP-COL$

CZK-Kč

DKK-KR

EGP-E£

EUR-€

GBP-£

HKD-HKD

HRK-kn

HUF-Ft

IDR-Rp

INR-₹

JPY-¥

KES-KSh

KWD-ك.د

KZT-₸

MAD-م.د.

MNT-₮

MXN-Mex$

NZD-NZ$

OMR-ر.ع.

PEN-S/.

PHP-₱

PKR-₨

PLN-zł

QAR-ر.ق

RON-lei

RUB-₽

SAR-ر.س

SEK-kr

THB-฿

TRY-₺

TWD-NT$

UAH-₴

UGX-USh

VES-Bs

VND-₫

ZAR-R

Theme

English

USD

Theme

### About Us

  * [About](https://www.binance.com/en/about)
  * [Careers](https://www.binance.com/en/careers)
  * [Announcements](https://www.binance.com/en/support/announcement)
  * [News](https://www.binance.com/en/square/news/all)
  * [Press](https://www.binance.com/en/press)
  * [Legal](https://www.binance.com/en/legal/home)
  * [Terms](https://www.binance.com/en/terms)
  * [Privacy](https://www.binance.com/en/about-legal/privacy-portal)
  * [Building Trust](https://www.binance.com/en/land/building_trust)
  * [Blog](https://www.binance.com/en/blog)
  * [Community](https://www.binance.com/en/community)
  * [Sitemap](https://www.binance.com/en/country-region-selector)
  * [Risk Warning](https://www.binance.com/en/risk-warning)
  * [Notices](https://www.binance.com/en/support/list/notices)
  * [Downloads](https://www.binance.com/en/download)
  * [Desktop Application](https://www.binance.com/en/desktop-download)

### Products

  * [Exchange](https://www.binance.com/en/trade)
  * [Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/buy-sell-crypto)
  * [Leveraged Tokens](https://www.binance.com/en/leveraged-tokens/tokens/allTokens)
  * [TradingView](https://www.binance.com/en/land/tradingview)
  * [Pay](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/payment)
  * [Academy](https://academy.binance.com/en)
  * [Live](https://www.binance.com/en/live)
  * [Tax](https://www.binance.com/en/tax)
  * [Gift Card](https://www.binance.com/en/gift-card)
  * [Launchpad & Launchpool](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)
  * [Auto-Invest](https://www.binance.com/en/auto-invest)
  * [ETH Staking](https://www.binance.com/en/eth2)
  * [NFT](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/home)
  * [BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/bnb)
  * [BABT](https://www.binance.com/en/BABT?source=footer)
  * [Research](https://www.binance.com/en/research)
  * [Charity](https://www.binance.charity)

### Business

  * [P2P Merchant Application](https://c2c.binance.com/en/merchantApplication)
  * [P2Pro Merchant Application](https://p2p.binance.com/en/p2pro)
  * [Listing Application](https://www.binance.com/en/my/coin-apply)
  * [Institutional & VIP Services](https://www.binance.com/en/vip-institutional-services)
  * [Labs](https://labs.binance.com/)

### Learn

  * [Learn & Earn](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn)
  * [Browse Crypto Prices](https://www.binance.com/en/price)
  * [Bitcoin Price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/bitcoin)
  * [Ethereum Price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/ethereum)
  * [Browse Crypto Price Predictions](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction)
  * [Bitcoin Price Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction/bitcoin)
  * [Ethereum Price Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction/ethereum)
  * [Buy Bitcoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bitcoin)
  * [Buy BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bnb)
  * [Buy Ripple](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/xrp)
  * [Buy Dogecoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/dogecoin)
  * [Buy Ethereum](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/ethereum)
  * [Buy Tradable Altcoins](https://www.binance.com/en/altcoins/tradable)

### Service

  * [Affiliate](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/affiliate)
  * [Referral](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/referral?utm_source=Lite_web_footer)
  * [OTC Trading](https://www.binance.com/en/otc)
  * [Historical Market Data](https://www.binance.com/en/landing/data)
  * [Proof of Reserves](https://www.binance.com/en/proof-of-reserves)

### Support

  * [24/7 Chat Support](https://www.binance.com/en/chat?sourceEntry=4)
  * [Support Center](https://www.binance.com/en/support)
  * [Product Feedback & Suggestions](https://www.binance.com/en/my/user-support/feedback/entry)
  * [Fees](https://www.binance.com/en/fee/schedule)
  * [APIs](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-api)
  * [Binance Verify](https://www.binance.com/en/official-verification)
  * [Trading Rules](https://www.binance.com/en/trade-rule)
  * [Binance Airdrop Portal](https://www.binance.com/en/airdrop)
  * [Law Enforcement Requests](https://www.binance.com/en/support/law-enforcement)

Binance© 2024Cookie Preferences

