  * **Wallet**[**Mobile App** The world of Web3 in your pocket](/download)[**Browser Extension** An optimized Web3 experience for desktop](/browser-extension)
  * **Features**[**Swaps** Swap securely and seamlessly](/swap)[**Staking** Earn crypto rewards while securing networks](/staking)[**NFTs** Explore the world of NFTs](/nft)[**Security** Learn how we keep your assets & Web3 journey safe](/security)[**Buy Crypto** Buy crypto in under five minutes](/buy-crypto)[**SWIFT: Smart Contract Wallet** Explore Web3 easily with account abstraction features](/swift)
  * **Build**[**Developer Docs** Get guides for building powerful Web3 applications](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/)[**Wallet Core** Open-source, mobile-focused crypto wallet library](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/wallet-core)[**Submit dApp** Get your dApp in front of millions](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-dapps)[**Get assets listed** Elevate your asset’s exposure](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-assets)
  * **Support**[**FAQ** Get answers to your most pressing questions](https://community.trustwallet.com/c/helpcenter/8)[**Community Forum** Connect with our vibrant and diverse community](https://community.trustwallet.com/)[**Contact Us** Reach out for personalized support](https://support.trustwallet.com/en/support/home)
  * **About**[**About Us** Discover who we are and what drives us](/about-us)[**Careers** Join us in shaping the future of Web3](/careers)[**Press Kit** Download our official logo and other media assets](/press)[**Blog** Stay up-to-date on Web3 trends and insights](/blog)[**Terms of Service** What you need to know to use our services](/terms-of-service)[**Privacy Policy** Your privacy matters, learn how we protect it](/privacy-policy)

DarkLightLanguage

[Download Trust Wallet](/download)

[](/)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.4edbb099.svg)[**Mobile App** The world
of Web3 in your pocket](/download)[**Browser Extension** An optimized Web3
experience for desktop](/browser-extension)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.e7c57d68.svg)[**Swaps** Swap securely
and seamlessly](/swap)[**Staking** Earn crypto rewards while securing
networks](/staking)[**NFTs** Explore the world of NFTs](/nft)[**Security**
Learn how we keep your assets & Web3 journey safe](/security)[**Buy Crypto**
Buy crypto in under five minutes](/buy-crypto)[**SWIFT: Smart Contract
Wallet** Explore Web3 easily with account abstraction features](/swift)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.b373ab3f.svg)[**Developer Docs** Get
guides for building powerful Web3
applications](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/)[**Wallet Core**
Open-source, mobile-focused crypto wallet
library](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/wallet-core)[**Submit
dApp** Get your dApp in front of
millions](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-dapps)[**Get
assets listed** Elevate your asset’s
exposure](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-assets)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.1211abf0.svg)[**FAQ** Get answers to
your most pressing
questions](https://community.trustwallet.com/c/helpcenter/8)[**Community
Forum** Connect with our vibrant and diverse
community](https://community.trustwallet.com/)[**Contact Us** Reach out for
personalized support](https://support.trustwallet.com/en/support/home)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.9a6dd06f.svg)[**About Us** Discover who
we are and what drives us](/about-us)[**Careers** Join us in shaping the
future of Web3](/careers)[**Press Kit** Download our official logo and other
media assets](/press)[**Blog** Stay up-to-date on Web3 trends and
insights](/blog)[**Terms of Service** What you need to know to use our
services](/terms-of-service)[**Privacy Policy** Your privacy matters, learn
how we protect it](/privacy-policy)

[](/)

WalletFeaturesBuildSupportAbout

Language

[Download](/download)

[Home](/)  >  [Blog](/blog)  >  [Web3](/blog?category=Web3)  >  [What is
Gamefi?](/blog/what-is-gamefi)

##### Web3

# What is Gamefi?

Published on: Mar 18, 2024

##### Share post

[](https://facebook.com/trustwalletapp)[](https://github.com/trustwallet)[](https://instagram.com/trustwallet)[](https://twitter.com/trustwallet)[](https://discord.gg/trustwallet)[](https://reddit.com/r/trustapp)[](https://t.me/trustwallet)

  * **GameFi Explained**
  * **How is GameFi Different from Traditional Video Games?**
  * **Examples of GameFi**
  * **How to Buy GameFi Tokens Using Trust Wallet**

##### In Brief

Discover the world of GameFi: A fusion of gaming and DeFi. Learn about GameFi
versus traditional video games, and how to buy GameFi tokens using Trust
Wallet.

![What is Gamefi?](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fwhat_is_gamefi_2557a9c729.png&w=3840&q=75)

GameFi has been gaining widespread attention over the past few years. What
exactly is GameFi, and why is it making waves? Join us as we embark on a
journey to uncover the fundamentals of this sector, unraveling its potential
effects on gaming and finance.

Before diving deeper into the world of GameFi, it's essential to have a
reliable [crypto wallet](https://trustwallet.com/blog/crypto-wallet) to manage
your assets.

[![Download-Trust-Wallet-Button.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2FDownload_Trust_Wallet_Button_3b2b015a21.png&w=3840&q=75)](https://short.trustwallet.com/TW-
blog)

## GameFi Explained

GameFi, a term derived from the word "Game Finance," represents an innovative
intersection between gaming and Decentralized Finance (DeFi). This emerging
sector introduces a new approach to gaming, where players can not only enjoy
immersive gaming experiences, but also participate in financial activities
within virtual worlds.

At its core, GameFi introduces the concept of Play-to-Earn (P2E), where
players can earn digital assets by playing [crypto
games](https://trustwallet.com/blog/crypto-gaming), and completing various
tasks or challenges. Players can trade, buy, and sell these assets, often in
the form of cryptocurrencies or Non-Fungible Tokens (NFTs), within the game's
ecosystem or on exchanges or crypto wallets, such as Trust Wallet. The ability
to monetize in-game achievements opens up new avenues for gamers to earn
income while enjoying their favorite crypto games.

![what-is-gamefi-1.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fwhat_is_gamefi_1_e45629dbf6.png&w=3840&q=75)

One of the defining features of GameFi is the integration of blockchain
technology. Some of the networks that host GameFi projects include Ethereum,
Binance Smart Chain and [Solana](https://trustwallet.com/solana-wallet). By
leveraging blockchain technology, GameFi projects ensure transparency,
security, and immutability of in-game assets. This ensures that players truly
own and control their in-game assets and earnings.

Many GameFi projects often incorporate DeFi elements, such as liquidity pools,
yield farming, and token staking, to provide additional earning opportunities
for players. This integration allows players to participate in various
financial activities, such as providing liquidity to Decentralized Exchanges
(DEXs), earning rewards through staking, or participating in governance
decisions within the game's ecosystem.

With its Play-to-Earn model, blockchain integration, and DeFi components,
GameFi opens up exciting possibilities for gamers, investors, and developers.
GameFi puts the players first, by rewarding them for their participation and
achievements.

### GameFi Token Storage

Trust Wallet provides a user-friendly interface and robust security features,
making it the perfect companion for your GameFi adventures. Don't forget that
you can seamlessly manage various GameFi tokens using [Trust
Wallet](https://trustwallet.com/).

## How is GameFi Different from Traditional Video Games?

Unlike traditional games, GameFi lets you earn real money while playing [Web3
games](https://trustwallet.com/blog/introduction-to-web3-the-future-of-the-
internet). What makes GameFi different from the games you're used to? Let's
take a closer look at how GameFi sets itself apart and what makes it so
exciting:

### Economic Incentives

One of the most significant differences between GameFi and traditional video
games is the introduction of an economic incentive. Players have the
opportunity to earn real-world value by participating in certain in-game
activities, such as completing quests, acquiring rare items, or contributing
to the game's ecosystem. The P2E model completely changes the dynamics of
gaming. Players are no longer mere consumers, but rather active participants
in a digital economy.

### Ownership of In-Game Assets

In traditional video games, players lack ownership of in-game assets. Game
developers control items, characters, and virtual currencies, limiting
players' rights over their in-game possessions. With GameFi, in-game assets
are often represented as NFTs or tokens on blockchain networks. This ownership
model gives players full control and ownership of their digital assets.
Players can buy, sell, and trade their assets whenever they feel like it.

### Interoperability and Portability

GameFi projects leverage blockchain technology to enable interoperability and
portability of in-game assets. Unlike traditional video games, where assets
remain confined to a single game environment, GameFi assets are transferable.
Players can transfer and utilize them across multiple games and platforms.
This enhances the value and utility of in-game assets, creating an ecosystem
where players can explore new Web3 games while retaining ownership of their
valuable items.

### Decentralization and Governance

Traditional video games are typically centralized platforms controlled by game
developers. Decisions regarding game updates, asset distribution, and rule
changes are made by centralized entities. This centralized approach limits
players' involvement in the decision making. In contrast, GameFi projects
embrace decentralization and community governance principles. Blockchain-based
governance mechanisms enable players to participate in decision-making
processes, vote on proposed changes, and shape the direction of the game's
development.

### Income Potential

GameFi introduces financial opportunities for players, investors, and
developers. Through DeFi mechanisms integrated into crypto games, players can
engage in activities such as liquidity provision, yield farming, and token
staking to earn additional rewards and incentives. Developers can also access
funding through decentralized fundraising platforms (e.g., initial DEX
offerings) to support the development of GameFi projects.

## Examples of GameFi

There are various GameFi projects, each offering unique gaming experiences and
financial opportunities. Here are a few of the most well known projects
shaping the future of GameFi:

### Axie Infinity

[Axie Infinity](https://trustwallet.com/blog/axie-infinity-a-beginners-guide)
is an innovative blockchain game where players can breed, raise, and battle
adorable creatures known as Axies. By engaging in various activities, players
can earn AXS, the native token of the game. Additionally, players have the
option to stake their AXS tokens, allowing them to gain governance rights and
earn rewards from different liquidity pools within the Axie Infinity
ecosystem.

### Decentraland

Decentraland offers a unique virtual world experience built on the Ethereum
blockchain. Players can unleash their creativity by creating, exploring, and
monetizing their own virtual environments. Using the MANA token, the native
currency of Decentraland, players can purchase virtual land and develop it
according to their preferences. Players also have the opportunity to create
and sell virtual assets like buildings, artwork, and games, earning MANA
tokens in exchange for their creations.

### The Sandbox

The Sandbox is a blockchain-based virtual world that allows players to build,
own, and monetize their own gaming experiences. By acquiring and trading LAND
tokens, which represent virtual land within The Sandbox, players can establish
their own virtual territories and craft unique gaming environments.
Additionally, players can earn SAND tokens, the native currency of The
Sandbox, through gameplay and contributions to the ecosystem.

## How to Buy GameFi Tokens Using Trust Wallet

You can easily buy GameFi tokens using Trust Wallet, via our trusted partners.
Here’s how:

  * Select “Buy” from the home screen.

  * Search for your desired GameFi token and select it. We chose SAND for this example.

  * Choose the currency you want to use, then enter the amount of SAND you want to purchase.

  * Select the third party provider & payment method you’d like to use.

  * Select the Buy button and complete the remaining steps.

![what-is-gamefi-2.gif](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fwhat_is_gamefi_2_28432a494e.gif&w=3840&q=75)

[![Download-Trust-Wallet-Button.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2FDownload_Trust_Wallet_Button_3b2b015a21.png&w=3840&q=75)](https://short.trustwallet.com/TW-
blog)

Join the Trust Wallet community on [Telegram](https://rebrand.ly/TW-Telegram-
Announcements) Follow us on [X (formerly Twitter)](https://rebrand.ly/TW-
Twitter-Blog) [Instagram](https://rebrand.ly/TW-Insta-Blog)
[Facebook](https://rebrand.ly/TW-FB-Blog) [Reddit](https://rebrand.ly/TW-
Reddit-Blog)

> **Note:** Any cited numbers, figures, or illustrations are reported at the
> time of writing, and are subject to change.

#### Simple and convenient to use, seamless to explore

[Download Trust Wallet](/download)

##### Stay Connected:

[](https://facebook.com/trustwalletapp)[](https://github.com/trustwallet)[](https://instagram.com/trustwallet)[](https://twitter.com/trustwallet)[](https://discord.gg/trustwallet)[](https://reddit.com/r/trustapp)[](https://t.me/trustwallet)

  * **Wallet**[Mobile App](/download)[Browser Extension](/browser-extension)
  * **Features**[Buy Crypto](/buy-crypto)[Swaps](/swap)[Staking](/staking)[NFTs](/nft)[Security](/security)[SWIFT: Smart Contract Wallet](/swift)
  * **Build**[Developer Docs](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/)[Wallet Core](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/wallet-core)[Submit dApp](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-dapps)[Get assets listed](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-assets)
  * **Support**[FAQ](https://community.trustwallet.com/c/helpcenter/8)[Community Forum](https://community.trustwallet.com/)[Contact Us](https://support.trustwallet.com/en/support/home)
  * **About**[About Us](/about-us)[Careers](/careers)[Press Kit](/press)[Terms of Service](/terms-of-service)[Privacy Policy](/privacy-policy)[Blog](/blog)
  * ![A-LIGN ISO 27701](/_next/static/media/image.8354ab2c.svg)![A-LIGN ISO 27001](/_next/static/media/image.7f0b3bc9.svg)

**Download Trust Wallet**

The most trusted & secure crypto wallet.

[Download for iOS](https://apps.apple.com/app/apple-
store/id1288339409?mt=8)[Download
Extension![Chrome](/_next/static/media/raw.7dd85797.svg)](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/trust-
wallet/egjidjbpglichdcondbcbdnbeeppgdph)[Download APK](/download/apk)[Download
for Android![App
Store](/_next/image?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Fimage.5ee64b2e.png&w=256&q=75)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.wallet.crypto.trustapp)

