Metaco.com will be sunset as of June 7, 2024

[Learn more](https://ripple.com/solutions/digital-asset-custody/ "Learn more")

Skip to main content

[![Metaco](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/logo.svg?x88149)![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/logo-w.svg?x88149)](https://www.metaco.com)

  * Solutions __

__Solutions

Solutions

    * [__Global Custodians Build tomorrow's market infrastructure ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/global-custodians-top-tier-banks/)
    * [__Universal Banks Satisfy demand for new asset classes ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/universal-banks/)
    * [__Neobanks & FintechsFind new routes to monetization ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/neobanks-fintechs/)
    * [__Regulated Exchanges Grow volumes and profit margins ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/regulated-exchanges/)
    * [__Corporates Boost customer loyalty and engagement ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/corporates/)

  * Platform __

__Platform

Platform

Deploy ambitious digital asset use cases with the most secure and versatile
infrastructure.

    * [__Harmonize™ Platform Overview Issue, store, trade, transfer, settle and service any type of digital asset. ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/harmonize/)
    * [__Custody Hot, warm and institutional cold storage ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/custody/)
    * [__Trading Powerful order execution, funding and settlement ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/trading/)
    * [__Web3 Web3 Portal spanning NFTs, DeFi and DApps ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/web3/)
    * [__Governance Entirely customizable risk and compliance controls ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/governance/)
    * [__Orchestration A single source of truth for managing all digital assets ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/orchestration/)
    * [__Tokenization Asset-agnostic smart contract management framework ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/tokenization/)
    * [__Integration Fully integrable platform following enterprise standards ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/integration/)
    * [__Security Highest protection against insider and external threats ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/security/)

  * Company __

__Company

Company

    * [__About](https://www.metaco.com/company/about/)
    * [__Media & news](https://www.metaco.com/company/media-coverage-press-releases/)
    * [__Careers](https://www.metaco.com/careers/)

  * Resources __

__Resources

Resources

    * [__Talks](https://www.metaco.com/resources/talks/)
    * [__Webinars](https://www.metaco.com/resources/webinars/)
    * [__Case studies](https://www.metaco.com/resources/case-studies/)
    * [__Reports](https://www.metaco.com/resources/reports/)
    * [__Blog](https://www.metaco.com/resources/blog/)

[Contact](https://www.metaco.com/contact/ "Contact")

[Press release](https://www.metaco.com/category/press-release/)

# Zodia Custody integrates on Metaco network

  *  __ December 4, 2023
  *  __7 min

Read

Share

  * [ __](https://www.linkedin.com/sharing/share-offsite/?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.metaco.com%2Fpress-release%2Fzodia-custody-metaco-network%2F)
  * [__](https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Metaco+https%3A%2F%2Fwww.metaco.com%2Fpress-release%2Fzodia-custody-metaco-network%2F+via+%40metaco_sa)

![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/12/zodia-custody-and-
metaco.png?x88149)

#### — London, UK – 04 December 2023 —

  * **The digital asset custodian is collaborating with the enterprise technology company to create an institutional network globally**
  * **The integration also provides greater access to Zodia Custody’s leading Interchange solution for institutions**

[Zodia Custody](https://www.zodia.io/), a leading institution-first digital
asset custodian whose shareholders include Standard Chartered, SBI Holdings
and Northern Trust, has integrated with [Metaco,](https://www.metaco.com/) the
Ripple-owned provider of digital asset infrastructure technology, to create a
global network for institutions. The integration enables institutions to
access Zodia Custody’s bank-grade custody solutions through Metaco.

The expanded collaboration between the two companies follows a longstanding
strategic relationship and is designed to further build out networked options
for institutional investors, enabling them to gain additional secure, reliable
and compliant end-to-end digital asset service capabilities. It also
strengthens global digital asset infrastructure by improving connectivity to
the foundational Layers 0 and 1 blockchains – creating a robust settlement
network built on distributed ledgers.

Institutions connected to the Metaco network, where sub-custody networks serve
as a foundational, initial use case, can also benefit from Zodia Custody’s
Interchange offering, providing them with an added layer of security, risk
management and solvency protection. In particular, Metaco’s institutional
clients — including some of the world’s premier banks and financial
institutions — are able to leverage the network’s interoperability standards
to access and govern interactions with various value-added service providers,
allowing for better choice in how they execute their digital asset strategy
across jurisdictions and asset classes. The integration also allows
institutions using Zodia Custody’s Interchange — such as Bitfinex, LMAX
Digital, and CoinShares — to leverage Metaco’s solutions.

The collaboration is part of Zodia Custody’s plan to ensure it is the most
connected custodian in the digital asset ecosystem. This includes further
plans to develop and launch its own network in Q4 2023.

> “Combining our forces on this institutional network for digital asset flows,
> spanning sub-custody, trading use cases, and beyond, is an important step on
> the way to building truly rigorous digital asset infrastructure, globally,”

**said James Harris, Chief Commercial Officer, Zodia Custody.**

> “We are focused on expanding the options available to our clients via our
> financial network, thus ensuring Zodia Custody can become a truly
> comprehensive digital asset solutions provider. We want to ensure that any
> institutional investor can seamlessly trade, without compromise — this is
> another significant step on that journey.”

The partnership reinforces Zodia Custody’s commitment to keeping client assets
safe both at rest and in transit across the Interchange network. This includes
trades connected to exchanges, assets being transferred to institutions
aligned on KYC and AML practices, and assets being used as collateral in
protocols to meet regulatory requirements.

> “As the industry undergoes a pivotal transformation, our networked
> infrastructure is dedicated to standardise, govern and connect institutional
> digital asset flows — an essential step in forging use cases that transcend
> individual companies.”

**said Adrien Treccani, Founder and CEO of Metaco.**

> “We are committed to providing interoperable, open infrastructure that
> enables institutions to create innovative, value-added services, thereby
> establishing the benchmark for the future of digital asset ecosystems.”  

**ENDS**



**Notes to Editors:**

High-resolution images and logos of Zodia Custody can be found
[here](https://www.dropbox.com/scl/fo/pm0sq9g9kdv1wmixpkdc1/h?dl=0&rlkey=9eayuwcn74px8phry97vcznmb).

For more information about [Zodia Custody](https://www.zodia.io/):[
LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/company/zodiacustody/?originalSubdomain=uk),[
Twitter](https://twitter.com/ZodiaCustody).

For more information about [Metaco](https://www.metaco.com/):
[LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/company/metaco-ag/),
[Twitter](https://twitter.com/metaco_sa).



**About Zodia Custody**

Zodia Custody is the leading institution-first digital asset custodian by
Standard Chartered, in association with Northern Trust and SBI Holdings. It
enables institutional investors around the globe to realise the full potential
of the digital asset future – simply, safely, and without compromise. Through
the combination of leading technology, custody, governance and compliance,
Zodia Custody satisfies the complex needs of institutional investors.

Zodia implements the requirements of the 5AMLD and applies the same standards
as Standard Chartered relating to AML, FCC, and KYC. It implements the
requirements of the FATF Travel Rule. Zodia Custody Limited is registered in
the UK with the FCA as a crypto asset business under the Money Laundering,
Terrorist Financing and Transfer of Funds Regulations 2017. Zodia Custody
(Ireland) Limited is registered with the Central Bank of Ireland as a VASP
under Criminal Justice (Money Laundering and Terrorist Financing) Act 2010 (as
amended). Zodia Custody (Ireland) Limited was established in Ireland in August
2021. Zodia Custody Limited is registered with the CSSF in Luxembourg as a
Virtual Asset Service Provider in accordance with article 7-1 (2) of the law
dated 12 November 2004 on the fight against money laundering and terrorist
financing, as amended.

**Zodia Custody media contact**

Rich Went

Gallium Ventures

+44 (0) 7745 496 065

[rich@galliumventures.com](mailto:rich@galliumventures.com)



**About Metaco**

Founded in 2015 in Switzerland, Metaco is an enterprise technology company
whose mission is to enable financial and non-financial institutions to
securely build their digital asset operations. The company’s core product,
Harmonize™, is a mission-critical orchestration platform for digital assets.
From asset-agnostic custody and trading to tokenization, staking and smart
contract management, the platform seamlessly connects institutions to the
broad universe of decentralized finance (DeFi) and decentralized applications
(Web3 Dapps). Metaco has established itself as the institutional standard for
digital asset infrastructure, trusted by the world’s largest global
custodians, banks, regulated exchanges, and corporates. Its software and
technology solutions enable institutions to store, trade, issue and manage any
type of digital asset — such as crypto and digital currencies, digital
securities, and non-fungible tokens (NFTs) – with the highest possible
security and agility. Metaco is part of Ripple, the leader in enterprise
blockchain and crypto solutions.

**Metaco media contact**

[press@metaco.com](mailto:press@metaco.com)

[www.metaco.com](http://www.metaco.com)



![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/footer.png?x88149)

## **Explore** more

  * ![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/11/metaco-pr-template-square-bbva.png?x88149)

[Press release](https://www.metaco.com/category/press-release/)

November 21, 2023### [BBVA Switzerland expands partnership with
Metaco](https://www.metaco.com/press-release/bbva-switzerland-partnership-
institutional-harmonize/ "BBVA Switzerland expands partnership with Metaco")

  * ![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/04/metaco-placeholder.png?x88149)

[Press release](https://www.metaco.com/category/press-release/)

November 8, 2023### [Announcing HSBC’s New Digital Assets Custody
Service](https://www.metaco.com/press-release/hsbc-metaco-digital-asset-
custody/ "Announcing HSBC’s New Digital Assets Custody Service")

  * ![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/06/gft-square-2.png?x88149)

[Press release](https://www.metaco.com/category/press-release/)

June 6, 2023### [GFT and Metaco partner for highly customizable, secure and
efficient institutional digital asset custody and tokenization
solutions](https://www.metaco.com/press-release/gft-metaco-institutional-
partnership/ "GFT and Metaco partner for highly customizable, secure and
efficient institutional digital asset custody and tokenization solutions")

[![Metaco](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/logo-w.svg?x88149)](https://www.metaco.com)

  * [Solutions](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/)
    * [Global Custodians](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/global-custodians-top-tier-banks/)
    * [Universal Banks](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/universal-banks/)
    * [Neobanks & Fintechs](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/neobanks-fintechs/)
    * [Regulated Exchanges](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/regulated-exchanges/)
    * [Corporates](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/corporates/)
  * [Platform](https://www.metaco.com/platform/)
    * [Harmonize™](https://www.metaco.com/platform/harmonize/)
    * [Custody](https://www.metaco.com/platform/custody/)
    * [Trading](https://www.metaco.com/platform/trading/)
    * [Web3](https://www.metaco.com/platform/web3/)
    * [Governance](https://www.metaco.com/platform/governance/)
    * [Orchestration](https://www.metaco.com/platform/orchestration/)
    * [Tokenization](https://www.metaco.com/platform/tokenization/)
    * [Integration](https://www.metaco.com/platform/integration/)
    * [Security](https://www.metaco.com/platform/security/)
  * [Company](https://www.metaco.com/company/media-coverage-press-releases/)
    * [About](https://www.metaco.com/company/about/)
    * [Media & news](https://www.metaco.com/company/media-coverage-press-releases/)
    * [Jobs](https://www.metaco.com/jobs/)
  * [Resources](https://www.metaco.com/resources/)
    * [Talks](https://www.metaco.com/resources/talks/)
    * [Webinars](https://www.metaco.com/resources/webinars/)
    * [Case studies](https://www.metaco.com/resources/case-studies/)
    * [Reports](https://www.metaco.com/resources/reports/)
    * [Blog](https://www.metaco.com/resources/blog/)

![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/10/sco2.png?x88149)![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/10/iso27001.png?x88149)

  * [__](https://www.twitter.com/metaco_sa "Twitter: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")
  * [__](https://www.linkedin.com/company/metaco-ag/ "Linkedin: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")
  * [__](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC4MLOKnJD9bXfHVXMnHM7ow "Youtube: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")
  * [__](https://open.spotify.com/show/0IiI7iftR3F3RqinfJbpRT "Spotify: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")

© 2015-2024 - Metaco SA - All Rights Reserved |[ Terms & Conditions](https://www.metaco.com/terms-conditions/) | [Privacy Policy](https://www.metaco.com/privacy-policy/) | [Cookie policy](https://www.metaco.com/cookie-policy/)

