[](https://www.binance.com/en)

[Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/crypto/buy)

[Markets](https://www.binance.com/en/markets/overview)

Trade

Basic

  * [SpotBuy and sell on the Spot market with advanced tools](https://www.binance.com/en/trade/BTC_USDT?type=spot)
  * [MarginIncrease your profits with leverage](https://www.binance.com/en/trade?type=cross)
  * [P2PBuy & sell cryptocurrencies using bank transfer and 800+ options](https://p2p.binance.com/en)
  * [Convert & Block TradeThe easiest way to trade at all sizes](https://www.binance.com/en/convert)

Advanced

  * [Trading BotsTrade smarter with our various automated strategies - easy, fast and reliable](https://www.binance.com/en/trading-bots)
  * [Copy TradingFollow the most popular traders](https://www.binance.com/en/copy-trading)
  * [APIsUnlimited opportunities with one key](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-api)

[Futures](https://www.binance.com/en/futures/home)

  * [USDⓈ-M FuturesContracts settled in USDT and USDC](https://www.binance.com/en/futures)
  * [COIN-M FuturesContracts settled in cryptocurrency](https://www.binance.com/en/delivery)
  * [OptionsUSDT Options with limited downside and affordable entry](https://www.binance.com/en/eoptions)

[Earn](https://www.binance.com/en/earn)

[Square](https://www.binance.com/en/square)

  * [SquareStay informed with everything crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/square)
  * [Academy (Learn & Earn)Earn crypto by learning about blockchain](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn)
  * [BlogExpand your knowledge and get the latest insights](https://www.binance.com/en/blog)
  * [ResearchInstitutional-grade analysis, in-depth insights, and more](https://www.binance.com/en/research)

More

  * [VIP & InstitutionalYour trusted digital asset platform for VIPs and institutions](https://www.binance.com/en/vip-institutional-services)
  * [Launchpad & LaunchpoolDiscover and gain access to new token launches](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)
  * [MegadropLock your BNB and complete Web3 quests for boosted airdrop rewards](https://www.binance.com/en/megadrop)
  * [Mining PoolMine more rewards by connecting to the pool](https://pool.binance.com/en)
  * [PaySend, receive and spend crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/payment)
  * [LoansGet an instant loan secured by crypto assets](https://www.binance.com/en/loan)

  * [NFTExplore NFTs from creators worldwide](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/home)
  * [Fan TokenDiscover an all-new fandom and unlock unlimited fan experiences](https://www.binance.com/en/fan-token)
  * [Web3 WalletMeet the next-generation Web3 wallet](https://www.binance.com/en/web3wallet)
  * [BNB ChainThe most popular blockchain to build your own dApp](https://www.bnbchain.org)
  * [CharityBlockchain empowers charity to be more transparent, efficient, and traceable](https://www.binance.charity)

##### [Binance Blog](/blog)

# Real Estate, Checks, Luxury Items: Things More Likely Than Crypto to Be
Instruments of Financial Crime

2024-04-23

## Main Takeaways

  * Despite the steady adoption of digital assets and maturation of the industry, there are still voices arguing that crypto is primarily a tool for financial crime, overlooking evidence of its minor and decreasing role in illicit transactions.

  * Data from Europol suggests that real estate, luxury goods, and cash-intensive businesses serve as predominant instruments of money laundering by the EU’s major criminal networks, with cryptocurrencies only contributing to a smaller percentage.

  * Reports from NASDAQ and the U.S. Department of Treasury illustrate the significant disparity between the volumes of illicit funds in traditional sectors and the digital-asset space – with the latter constituting a small share of the total.

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20240423/03135197-7826-4c66-bade-85568bc07b74)

It is 2024, and Wall Street firms, led by the world’s biggest asset manager,
BlackRock, race to provide bitcoin exposure to mainstream investors via
regulated exchange-traded products. Around the world, millions of people use
digital assets to protect the value of their savings amid raging inflation and
devaluation of their national currencies as well as to take advantage of low-
fee and near-instant cross-border money transfers. Traditional domains from
charitable giving to art are being enhanced and reimagined with new
efficiencies and capabilities that the use of blockchain technology offers.

And yet, oddly enough, there are still people out there stubbornly refusing to
acknowledge the strides that the digital-asset industry has made in recent
years, resorting instead to tired notions that were never true or are
hopelessly outdated. They argue that crypto is nothing but an online casino
whose main use case is facilitating money laundering and various other crimes.
This leads the most radical of these skeptics to call for digital assets to be
regulated out of existence or outright outlawed.

[_Reliable data_](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/ecosystem/crypto-crime-was-
down-in-2023--heres-how-binances-efforts-contributed-to-this-
trend-3697721049614502490) showing that the share of illicit crypto
transactions in 2023 was a meager 0.34%, down from 0.42% the year before, or
that the value of digital assets received by illicit addresses is small and
declines year-to-year, is rarely enough to convince those committed
detractors. After all, most robust data insights we have to show for it
originate from within the industry.

The reality, however, is that even unaffiliated data sources provide enough
evidence supporting the idea that crypto is far from bad actors’ top choice
when it comes to facilitating financial crime. Let’s look at some stats
showing that by far the most common criminal instruments are assets and tools
that no one would ever suggest to ban.

## Europol: EU Criminal Networks Prefer Real Estate

The European Union Agency for Law Enforcement Cooperation (Europol) is tasked
with supporting the EU Member States in tackling serious international and
organized crime, and as such it is concerned with large-scale criminal and
terrorist networks operating across the bloc. The agency’s [_freshly released
report_](https://www.europol.europa.eu/cms/sites/default/files/documents/Europol%20report%20on%20Decoding%20the%20EU-s%20most%20threatening%20criminal%20networks.pdf)
offers a comprehensive assessment of the operations of the most threatening
criminal networks in Europe.

What these criminal organizations, specializing in activities such as drug
trafficking, online fraud, and property crime, have in common is the need to
legalize the ill-gotten gains. Assessing the prevalence of various tools that
the criminal networks use toward this end, Europol experts found that real
estate is the predominant vehicle of money laundering (41%), followed by
luxury goods and cash-intensive businesses.

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20240423/f419266a-c787-4bd2-80df-5462bdf37178)

While cryptocurrencies have made the list with a 10% share of the laundered
funds, it is still a far cry from what crypto demonizers would have you
believe. Moreover, it is reasonable to expect that the next iteration of the
Europol criminal networks report will show a lower share of funds laundered
via digital asset-related channels if year-on-year decline trends observed in
most other criminal domains are anything to go by.

So, next time you hear someone suggesting that crypto should be banned on
account of it being a haven for money launderers, retort with a suggestion to
ban home sales, luxury watches, or their neighborhood newspaper stand first.

## Below 1% of Global Illicit Funds

Blockchain analytics firm Chainalysis
[_estimates_](https://go.chainalysis.com/crypto-crime-2024.html) that the
total value of digital assets received by illicit addresses throughout 2023
was $24.2 billion, down from $39.6 billion in 2022. These numbers represent
both assets stolen in crypto hacks and funds sent to wallets that Chainalysis
designates as illicit: addresses associated with ransomware groups, fraud
operations, darknet markets, terrorism financing, and the largest category by
volume – sanctioned entities and jurisdictions. This is perhaps the most
rigorous and comprehensive assessment of the scale of criminal activity
associated with digital assets we have today.

24 billion dollars sounds like a lot of money, but how much is it in the
context of all financial crime? NASDAQ’s recent [_Global Financial Crime
Report_](https://nd.nasdaq.com/rs/303-QKM-463/images/2024-Global-Financial-
Crime-Report-Nasdaq-Verafin-20240115.pdf) puts the overall amount of illicit
funds – including both crypto and fiat – that the global financial system
processed last year at $3.1 trillion.

While these two numbers are not perfectly comparable since they are drawn from
two distinct reports using varying methodologies, they should at least give us
a pretty good idea of the relative scale of the two phenomena. **24.2 billion
is less than 1% of 3.1 trillion**. More specifically, the volume of illicit
crypto funds as per Chainalysis constitutes exactly 0.78% of the overall
volume of global illicit funds as per NASDAQ.

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20240423/07fd9c43-141e-4947-848c-523f208aba67)

To add further perspective, the NASDAQ report attributes more than $485
billion of the overall 2023 losses to various forms of scams and fraud
schemes. One category that generated an amount of illicit funds comparable to
that associated with digital assets is bank check fraud, which resulted in
individuals and businesses losing $26.6 billion last year, predominantly in
the Americas where checks are still widespread.

In other words, checks, a legacy technology that still exists mainly due to
the banking practices’ remarkable inertia, is responsible for more financial
crime than an entire innovative asset class still wrongfully painted as
criminals’ haven. Is it time to ban those clunky paper monsters yet?

## Treasury: Crypto Far Behind Conventional Methods of ML

Every year, the U.S. Department of the Treasury publishes its National Risk
Assessments on Money Laundering, Terrorist Financing, and Proliferation
Financing, detailing key illicit finance vulnerabilities and risks threatening
Americans. [_The 2024 Money Laundering Risk
Assessment_](https://home.treasury.gov/system/files/136/2024-National-Money-
Laundering-Risk-Assessment.pdf) , while making note of existing and evolving
trends in risks associated with cryptocurrency, explicitly states that “ _the
use of virtual assets for money laundering continues to remain far below that
of fiat currency and more conventional methods that do not involve virtual
assets_.”

The bulk of the report focuses on persistent and emerging money laundering
risks related to conventional domains such as the misuse of legal entities;
lack of transparency in some real estate transactions; lack of comprehensive
AML/CFT coverage for relevant sectors, such as investment advisers; complicit
professionals misusing their positions or businesses; and compliance and
supervision weaknesses at some regulated financial institutions.

All these areas represent familiar structural ills inherent in the traditional
financial system and corporate practices, highlighting the way in which
financial crime is a systemic issue rather than something that could be blamed
on a specific type of technological infrastructure or asset class.

## Solution Rather Than Problem

As we look toward the future of finance and consider the direction in which
the industry is headed, it is essential to continuously review and debunk
outdated and entirely flawed perceptions of digital assets. Far from being the
predominant instrument for financial crime, cryptocurrencies constitute a
relatively insignificant portion of global illicit funds. Data show that
traditional methods and tools such as real estate transactions and legacy
banking practices stand as far more substantial conduits for illicit activity
such as money laundering.

Instead of singling out cryptocurrencies as scapegoats for systemic financial
crimes, we should pay more attention to these traditional domains and the
issues ingrained within them. Despite enduring skepticism, the compelling data
from various unaffiliated sources underscores the significant developments in
the crypto industry and how far it is from being an ideal frontier for bad
actors. A systemic issue demands systemic solutions, and digital assets should
be seen as part of this solution rather than a problem.

## Further Reading

  * [ _Crypto Crime Was Down in 2023 – Here’s How Binance’s Efforts Contributed to This Trend_](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/community/above-and-beyond-for-users-how-binance-helps-tackle-crime-on--and-offline-7072508369250665645)

  * [ _Above and Beyond for Users: How Binance Helps Tackle Crime On - and Offline_](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/community/above-and-beyond-for-users-how-binance-helps-tackle-crime-on--and-offline-7072508369250665645)

  * [ _Daily Life of Binance Investigators_](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/ecosystem/daily-life-of-binance-investigators-3127623160088591852)

Like this post

###### Share Post

Article Outlines

Real Estate, Checks, Luxury Items: Things More Likely Than Crypto to Be
Instruments of Financial Crime

Main Takeaways

Europol: EU Criminal Networks Prefer Real Estate

Below 1% of Global Illicit Funds

Treasury: Crypto Far Behind Conventional Methods of ML

Solution Rather Than Problem

Further Reading

### Community

[](https://discord.gg/jE4wt8g2H2)[](https://www.binance.com/en/community)[](https://www.tiktok.com/@binance?lang=en)[](https://www.facebook.com/binance)[](https://twitter.com/binance)[](https://www.reddit.com/r/binance)[](https://www.instagram.com/Binance/)[](https://coinmarketcap.com/exchanges/binance/)[](https://www.youtube.com/binanceyoutube)[](https://www.binance.com/en/community)

USD-$

USD-$

AED-د.إ

ARS-ARS$

AUD-A$

BDT-৳

BGN-лв

BHD-.د.ب

BOB-$b

BRL-R$

CAD-C$

CHF-CHF

CNY-¥

COP-COL$

CZK-Kč

DKK-KR

EGP-E£

EUR-€

GBP-£

HKD-HKD

HRK-kn

HUF-Ft

IDR-Rp

INR-₹

JPY-¥

KES-KSh

KWD-ك.د

KZT-₸

MAD-م.د.

MNT-₮

MXN-Mex$

NZD-NZ$

OMR-ر.ع.

PEN-S/.

PHP-₱

PKR-₨

PLN-zł

QAR-ر.ق

RON-lei

RUB-₽

SAR-ر.س

SEK-kr

THB-฿

TRY-₺

TWD-NT$

UAH-₴

UGX-USh

VES-Bs

VND-₫

ZAR-R

Theme

USD

Theme

### About Us

  * [About](https://www.binance.com/en/about)
  * [Careers](https://www.binance.com/en/careers)
  * [Announcements](https://www.binance.com/en/support/announcement)
  * [News](https://www.binance.com/en/square/news/all)
  * [Press](https://www.binance.com/en/press)
  * [Legal](https://www.binance.com/en/legal/home)
  * [Terms](https://www.binance.com/en/terms)
  * [Privacy](https://www.binance.com/en/about-legal/privacy-portal)
  * [Building Trust](https://www.binance.com/en/land/building_trust)
  * [Blog](https://www.binance.com/en/blog)
  * [Community](https://www.binance.com/en/community)
  * [Sitemap](https://www.binance.com/en/country-region-selector)
  * [Risk Warning](https://www.binance.com/en/risk-warning)
  * [Notices](https://www.binance.com/en/support/list/notices)
  * [Downloads](https://www.binance.com/en/download)
  * [Desktop Application](https://www.binance.com/en/desktop-download)

### Products

  * [Exchange](https://www.binance.com/en/trade)
  * [Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/buy-sell-crypto)
  * [Leveraged Tokens](https://www.binance.com/en/leveraged-tokens/tokens/allTokens)
  * [TradingView](https://www.binance.com/en/land/tradingview)
  * [Pay](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/payment)
  * [Academy](https://academy.binance.com/en)
  * [Live](https://www.binance.com/en/live)
  * [Tax](https://www.binance.com/en/tax)
  * [Gift Card](https://www.binance.com/en/gift-card)
  * [Launchpad & Launchpool](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)
  * [Auto-Invest](https://www.binance.com/en/auto-invest)
  * [ETH Staking](https://www.binance.com/en/eth2)
  * [NFT](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/home)
  * [BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/bnb)
  * [BABT](https://www.binance.com/en/BABT?source=footer)
  * [Research](https://www.binance.com/en/research)
  * [Charity](https://www.binance.charity)

### Business

  * [P2P Merchant Application](https://c2c.binance.com/en/merchantApplication)
  * [P2Pro Merchant Application](https://p2p.binance.com/en/p2pro)
  * [Listing Application](https://www.binance.com/en/my/coin-apply)
  * [Institutional & VIP Services](https://www.binance.com/en/vip-institutional-services)
  * [Labs](https://labs.binance.com/)

### Learn

  * [Learn & Earn](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn)
  * [Browse Crypto Prices](https://www.binance.com/en/price)
  * [Bitcoin Price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/bitcoin)
  * [Ethereum Price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/ethereum)
  * [Browse Crypto Price Predictions](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction)
  * [Bitcoin Price Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction/bitcoin)
  * [Ethereum Price Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction/ethereum)
  * [Buy Bitcoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bitcoin)
  * [Buy BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bnb)
  * [Buy Ripple](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/xrp)
  * [Buy Dogecoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/dogecoin)
  * [Buy Ethereum](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/ethereum)
  * [Buy Tradable Altcoins](https://www.binance.com/en/altcoins/tradable)

### Service

  * [Affiliate](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/affiliate)
  * [Referral](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/referral?utm_source=Lite_web_footer)
  * [OTC Trading](https://www.binance.com/en/otc)
  * [Historical Market Data](https://www.binance.com/en/landing/data)
  * [Proof of Reserves](https://www.binance.com/en/proof-of-reserves)

### Support

  * [24/7 Chat Support](https://www.binance.com/en/chat?sourceEntry=4)
  * [Support Center](https://www.binance.com/en/support)
  * [Product Feedback & Suggestions](https://www.binance.com/en/my/user-support/feedback/entry)
  * [Fees](https://www.binance.com/en/fee/schedule)
  * [APIs](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-api)
  * [Binance Verify](https://www.binance.com/en/official-verification)
  * [Trading Rules](https://www.binance.com/en/trade-rule)
  * [Binance Airdrop Portal](https://www.binance.com/en/airdrop)
  * [Law Enforcement Requests](https://www.binance.com/en/support/law-enforcement)

Binance© 2024Cookie Preferences

