Metaco.com will be sunset as of June 7, 2024

[Learn more](https://ripple.com/solutions/digital-asset-custody/ "Learn more")

Skip to main content

[![Metaco](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/logo.svg?x88149)![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/logo-w.svg?x88149)](https://www.metaco.com)

  * Solutions __

__Solutions

Solutions

    * [__Global Custodians Build tomorrow's market infrastructure ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/global-custodians-top-tier-banks/)
    * [__Universal Banks Satisfy demand for new asset classes ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/universal-banks/)
    * [__Neobanks & FintechsFind new routes to monetization ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/neobanks-fintechs/)
    * [__Regulated Exchanges Grow volumes and profit margins ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/regulated-exchanges/)
    * [__Corporates Boost customer loyalty and engagement ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/corporates/)

  * Platform __

__Platform

Platform

Deploy ambitious digital asset use cases with the most secure and versatile
infrastructure.

    * [__Harmonize™ Platform Overview Issue, store, trade, transfer, settle and service any type of digital asset. ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/harmonize/)
    * [__Custody Hot, warm and institutional cold storage ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/custody/)
    * [__Trading Powerful order execution, funding and settlement ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/trading/)
    * [__Web3 Web3 Portal spanning NFTs, DeFi and DApps ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/web3/)
    * [__Governance Entirely customizable risk and compliance controls ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/governance/)
    * [__Orchestration A single source of truth for managing all digital assets ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/orchestration/)
    * [__Tokenization Asset-agnostic smart contract management framework ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/tokenization/)
    * [__Integration Fully integrable platform following enterprise standards ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/integration/)
    * [__Security Highest protection against insider and external threats ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/security/)

  * Company __

__Company

Company

    * [__About](https://www.metaco.com/company/about/)
    * [__Media & news](https://www.metaco.com/company/media-coverage-press-releases/)
    * [__Careers](https://www.metaco.com/careers/)

  * Resources __

__Resources

Resources

    * [__Talks](https://www.metaco.com/resources/talks/)
    * [__Webinars](https://www.metaco.com/resources/webinars/)
    * [__Case studies](https://www.metaco.com/resources/case-studies/)
    * [__Reports](https://www.metaco.com/resources/reports/)
    * [__Blog](https://www.metaco.com/resources/blog/)

[Contact](https://www.metaco.com/contact/ "Contact")

[Talks](https://www.metaco.com/category/talks/)

Metaco Talks Ep. 37

# To win on the long-term, banks must renovate in winter

Recording and transcript from live event live event on **25th of April 2023 | 16.00 CET | 10.00 ET.** For this episode of Metaco Talks, we were joined by [Richard Rosenthal](https://www.linkedin.com/in/richard-alan-rosenthal/), Principal in Deloitte & Touche LLP’s Advisory practice, where he specifically leads Deloitte’s Business & Entity Transformation integrated services and also Deloitte’s Digital Assets Banking Regulatory practice.   
  
**Topics discussed**

– Digital Asset & Transformation projects in banking;  
– U.S. regulatory developments, and potential effects across the globe;  
– Opportunities and challenges: for large banks, mid-market and neobanks.

  * __

April 25, 2023

  *  __46 min
  *  __Hosted by Seamus Donoghue (Chief Growth Officer, Metaco)

See video recordingRead transcript

Share

  * [ __](https://www.linkedin.com/sharing/share-offsite/?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.metaco.com%2Ftalks%2Frenovate-in-winter-deloitte-rosenthal%2F)
  * [__](https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Metaco+https%3A%2F%2Fwww.metaco.com%2Ftalks%2Frenovate-in-winter-deloitte-rosenthal%2F+via+%40metaco_sa)

## Play video recording

![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/03/m-talks-
ep.37-1920x1080-copy-1280x720.jpg?x88149)

  * [![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/01/spotify.png?x88149)](https://open.spotify.com/show/0IiI7iftR3F3RqinfJbpRT)
  * [![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/01/google-podcasts.png?x88149)](https://podcasts.google.com/feed/aHR0cHM6Ly9hbmNob3IuZm0vcy80MWY2MzA3NC9wb2RjYXN0L3Jzcw==)
  * [![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/01/apple-podcasts.png?x88149)](https://podcasts.apple.com/us/podcast/metaco-talks-building-the-future-of-digital-assets/id1542371076?uo=4)

  * ![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/03/richard-rosenthal.png?x88149)

Speaker

Richard Rosenthal is a Principal in Deloitte & Touche LLP’s Advisory Practice,
where he specifically leads Deloitte’s Business & Entity Transformation
integrated services and also Deloitte’s Digital Assets Banking Regulatory
practice. As part of this role, Richard oversees many complex and
transformative projects, assisting banking, digital asset and fintech clients
in setting up new entities, enabling M&A activity, launching digital asset
products, and helping them address a broad range of regulatory and risk areas
to enter and meet expectations of the U.S. banking system.

![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/uploads/2023/03/deloitte-300x150-1.png?x88149)

Richard Rosenthal

Principal, Lead Digital Assets Banking Regulatory Practice at Deloitte &
Touche LLP

  * ![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/02/seamus-donoghue-webinar.png?x88149)

Host

Seamus has extensive domain expertise in investment banking, wealth
management, commodities and crypto markets that spans market structure,
regulations and technology. He spent 20 years building and managing trading
operations across all the global financial centres with JP Morgan, Deutsche
Bank, Barclays and Bank of America Merrill Lynch.

![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/01/10.png?x88149)

Seamus Donoghue

Chief Growth Officer

  * [![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/01/spotify.png?x88149)](https://open.spotify.com/show/0IiI7iftR3F3RqinfJbpRT)
  * [![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/01/google-podcasts.png?x88149)](https://podcasts.google.com/feed/aHR0cHM6Ly9hbmNob3IuZm0vcy80MWY2MzA3NC9wb2RjYXN0L3Jzcw==)
  * [![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/01/apple-podcasts.png?x88149)](https://podcasts.apple.com/us/podcast/metaco-talks-building-the-future-of-digital-assets/id1542371076?uo=4)

## Full transcript

 _*Disclaimer: The accuracy of this transcript is not guaranteed. This is not
investment advice, and any opinions expressed here are the sole opinions of
the individuals, not of the institutions they represent._

[00:00:11] **Seamus:** Welcome to the 37th episode of Metaco Talks. Today
we’re joined by Richard Rosenthal, Principal in Deloitte’s Advisory Practice,
where he leads Deloitte’s business and entity transformation integrated
services, and also Deloitte’s Digital Assets, Banking, Regulatory Practice. As
part of his role, Richard oversees many complex and transformative projects,
supporting banking, digital assets and FinTech clients to set up new entities,
enabling M&A activity, launching digital asset products, and addressing a
broad range of regulatory and risk areas to enter and meet expectations of the
US banking system.

Richard, welcome to Metaco Talks.

[00:00:47] **Richard:** Thank you for having us. I really appreciate it,
Seamus.

[00:00:50] **Seamus:** It’s great having you here. It’s certainly well timed
given the topics we’re going to dive into. Why don’t we get right into it?
Richard, you’ve been at Deloitte for roughly 15 years now, you’ve helped
create banks and payment companies scale, transform, and merge and sell those
same companies. When, how and why did you become interested in blockchain and
digital assets? A bit of your journey in this space.

[00:01:14] **Richard:** Thank you. There’s probably a bit of a personal and
professional angle to this. By doing a lot of the new licensing and helping
institutions figure out what charter, who they want to be when they grow up,
it became very apparent that there were a lot of product offerings that were
looking at using digital assets. Whether it’s in payments or there was buy,
hold, sell use cases, typical banking clients were starting to come to me and
say, “Hey, I’m thinking about doing this. I want to tokenize cash, I want to
do X, Y, and Z. What does it take?”

We have a system that’s very complex in the US, where New York DFS has a
BitLicense regime, which is probably the most explicit on what you need to do
to engage in digital assets. But a lot of these companies had a lot of
questions on, so if I do this, what does this mean? How do I deal with my
typical banking license, my capital markets activity?

I thought there was a need to help our clients figure out what expectations,
what practices and capabilities did they need to have? Frankly, I also was
really personally interested in the space. Fundamentally it was financial
services being re-platformed, where we are on a paradigm shift here.

Both led me to dig deep and formalize a bit of a practice around it. The firm,
Deloitte has been in this space for over 10 plus years, whether it’s auditing,
providing tax advice, consulting services. There’s a natural business unit and
strategy within the firm, and I built on that and have really focused building
that out. Clients can come and say, “I want to do this. What does it take?”
We’re borrowing from traditional financial services playbooks, but we’re also
trying to help clients navigate in increasingly both complex, but, it’s gotten
a little bit tougher to do some of these things, that I’m sure we’ll talk
about today.

[00:03:12] **Seamus:** Well, that’s a good introduction. Why don’t we step
back? Because obviously there’s a lot of issues today as you just mentioned,
but why don’t we step back to early 2022 before the FTX, before the other
failures in the market, before potentially some of the crypto related failures
we’ve seen. What were the banks doing then? What kinds of digital asset and
transformation projects were you involved with? What use cases? What were the
business cases and what were driving those projects back in early 2022?

[00:03:40] **Richard:** It seems, and I know we’ve had a lot of discussions
together over the years, it seems like a different world. I was just
reflecting back on it. There was a lot of enthusiasm, there was a lot of
momentum. There was a fear of missing out. There was a real question of, if
you didn’t have a strategy, were you going to be left behind fundamentally?
The simple use case of moving money, why do I need to pay a wire? Can we move
it using blockchain rails and save money and have instant settlement? Just
that basic use case. Can we tokenize equities and fixed income products, that
allow us to settle with more efficiency than the system today?

I felt like we were in a new wave. If maybe the previous wave was 2017 or
2016, where there was a lot of energy enthusiasm, we were in that period. What
reflected that was an executive order from the Biden administration, which had
the whole of government saying, “Hey, we need to really look at the promise of
digital assets and blockchain technology.” The tone was really positive. If I
look at the range of players that were looking at engaging, it was not just
your, let’s call it more innovative financial institutions, but it was the
traditional ones; that you would say, wow, they’re really investing a team,
they’re taking time, they’re working through it.

Now, we also had a landscape where we didn’t have a lot of clarity from a
regulatory perspective of what was permissible or what wasn’t permissible. We
had also a landscape where non-bank were probably leading the pack in terms of
innovation and they were launching a lot of the products that we’re talking
about the buy, hold, sell, the custody products, the tokenized cash product.
In general, I think the more regulated institutions were maybe a little bit
behind, but trying to engage. They were developing their strategies. I don’t
know if you feel the same, but it felt like it was a really exciting dynamic.
We were seeing a lot of interesting projects where, help me figure out who I
want to be when I grow up.

[00:06:01] **Seamus:** I think very much. I remember some discussions early
2022 with one of the largest banks, concerned about losing deposit base,
particularly with all the staking yields elsewhere. Now that has changed.
Money’s fleeing that sector all the way back.

[00:06:17] **Richard:** I think you’re spot on. I’m glad you brought that up.
It was a potentially also defensive strategy to say there’s going to be
certain businesses that expect 24/7 settlement, or I need to offer a buy,
hold, sell product because my clients are asking for it and I may lose assets
under management or I may lose deposits. I think you’re absolutely right. It
was a, Hey, are we going to be able to compete?

[00:06:42] **Seamus:** Yep. It’s like a perfect storm, as you said, of
building some defensive moats or at least responding defensively and the fear
of missing out, what are we going to be in this space? Perfect environment for
both our firms actually in that space.

But you mentioned the lack of clarity on the regulatory side. How would you
describe the US regulatory situation today? Are things clearer? Maybe a bit
rhetorical, but are things clearer now?

[00:07:09] **Richard:** We’re having more of a US-centric conversation. I
think in some jurisdictions things have gotten clearer. I think the MiCa Bill
has gotten through a lot of the European legislative process in the US. We had
hopes coming from that backdrop of maybe having some legislation or rulemaking
that was clearer.

I think we’ve had from each of the regulators, and we have something like five
banking regulators, 50 state regulators, we have the SEC, the CFTC – we have a
complexity here that makes it challenging. We’ve had some guidance that says,
here are things that you can do and can’t do. From the banking regulators I
think we’ve seen some clarification. Like you might remember, they had some
guidance on stablecoin and custody products.

Banking institutions are custodians, so we’ve heard some guidance to say, they
can be custodians and there’s some things that they can do. That’s on the good
side.

But then we’ve had a lot of enforcement actions, and we haven’t had much
rulemaking on major questions like, what’s a security, what’s the jurisdiction
of regulators things like Ethereum, Bitcoin? What are the rules for an
exchange? What are the rules for a stablecoin? When can I issue or not issue?
What are risk management capabilities I need if I want to be a digital asset
custodian?

It’s not like we have broken through that morass and we’ve got that thing that
regulators are comfortable with and not, we don’t have that systemically. In
some cases we have some potentially conflicting or hard to wrap your head
around guidance. I think we’ve talked about SAB 121, which would force some
institutions to hold custody client assets on balance sheet, which would then
have capital impacts for banks.

We’ve probably not gotten much more clarity in some, if I just summed up the
whole picture. Through enforcement actions and through some of this guidance,
we can start piecing together a puzzle of what looks to be things that are
going to be permissible or not, but it’s not the most straightforward answer.
Congress and others would feel we haven’t necessarily provided a framework of
sorts. There are bills we can talk about that are still floating around
Congress to potentially help address some of this, but we’re not probably in a
better place, maybe a slightly worse place to be frank.

[00:09:44] **Seamus:** It is interesting. You mentioned you started by
bifurcating in the US versus everywhere else. What we have seen, at least on
our side from a client perspective, post let’s say FTX, if I use that as a big
benchmark, is actually a flight to quality from those, let’s say banks that
involved digital assets, crypto, etc., they’ve seen more and more assets move
towards them given they’re safe, they’re regulated, they’re well-known, they
have balance sheet in the end.

What is the situation in the US? Is that lack of clarity and the concern about
the asset class? Has it changed the way banks are looking at investing in this
space? Or how are their plans in the face of this ambiguity and the increasing
regulatory concerns?

[00:10:24] **Richard:** You’ve seen some large bank CEOs very publicly say,
“We still believe the technology is really going to provide meaningful
benefits.” There’s been some papers and things debating, what’s truly the
utility? I think you would probably agree with this, that digital assets and
distributed ledger technology are really good at things. It’s not everything.
There are other technologies that if you look at an end-to-end process that
you would deploy. But there are real benefits in reducing and trusting
information, in reducing the number of people that have to validate
information, digitizing assets that don’t have a lot of liquidity. There’s a
lot of real utility.

I think you’ve seen some people in large banks say, “Yeah, here’s the use
cases, here’s the benefits, here’s why we still believe in it: I think for
those institutions, regardless of it’s not necessarily maybe the best
regulatory climate, maybe they view it as an opportunity as well, because they
can actually catch up to maybe non-banks were a little bit ahead of them in
development.

But maybe a trusted pair of hands is what’s needed also to engage in some of
these use cases. I don’t think people are saying, we’re not going to invest in
teams in looking at strategies into platforms and products. I think they
recognize there’s a short-term challenge in launching some of these things
that it’s hard to put the pedal to the metal. But I think you’re looking at
these US-based institutions still exploring, defining, building muscle memory.
I do think if they’re global and they operate in 10 or 20 countries or 100
countries, they might be looking at countries like Singapore or Brazil or
Israel or the UK and Europe, to maybe pilot some of those products. Or maybe
they launch pilot strategy changes. If they’ve got a legislative regulatory
framework in place, I think recently we saw a European bank launch a
stablecoin or something in Europe.

I think you’re going to see that, if that makes sense.

[00:12:33] **Seamus:** Absolutely. As you said, we’ve already seen that.
SocGen recently launched that stablecoin in Europe. But you mentioned the five
regulators, OCC being one of the big ones in the US, what are their
motivations here? What are their main concerns when they look at the space?
There are banks, as you said, innovating outside the US, the European bank you
mentioned doing a stablecoin. To what degree then does these concerns limit an
American bank, which is a global bank, doing the same thing elsewhere? Aren’t
they still subject to the same regulatory reporting or approval, maybe in
place from the US regulators?

[00:13:11] **Richard:** I think one of the fair challenges, which I have some
sympathy for, and I would ask the same thing, is what really use case and
strategy are you trying to solve? What value are you adding to your customer
base? Are you doing something that’s going to save them money? Are you
offering them a product that there’s no liquidity in?

Are you doing something that is just going to be, let’s go back to our first
comment, the FOMO (Fear Of Missing Out). It’s never good to chase something
without actually really having a business strategy. I think the first thing
the regulator’s asking is, does it really make sense? Can you tell me, prove
to me, classic business planning, that this is a real market that has utility?
I think once you get from that point, I think they’re then saying, show me
you’ve actually done your homework. The diligence on vendors, the diligence on
the risks. You can’t just take a third-party risk management policy or an
approach to diligence and just apply it to digital assets and blockchain
technology.

As you and I know, depending on what blockchain you’re interacting with,
depending on the smart contract infrastructure, depending on the key
management and the cryptography of the custodian, all of that changes the
analysis. They’re looking for companies to say, show me the homework, show me
the diligence in the unique novel way. If you can’t answer those first two
questions, they’re going to start saying, are you wasting time? Are you just
chasing something that you’re not good at? Do you have the right people and
capability to do that?

In the recent market events that we saw with SVB, another probably not helpful
if taken together, if you look at some of the recent bank failures, they’ll
also say, because it’s really not a digital asset product, but a lot of these
banking organizations were banking crypto, and digital asset companies. The
liquidity, those deposits, that same first debate we had, those deposits that
you gained, was that hot money? Were those really sustainable?

What they don’t want to see is you launch a product, and then all of a sudden
the core safety and the core mission of a bank of protecting customer money is
now at risk. If somehow you jeopardize that fundamental reason you’re on this
planet, I think they were really taken aback by some of that.

You have to step through some of those questions, demonstrate the
thoughtfulness, the answers. In some cases, I think the hope is that you’ll
get some of those products and businesses over the line. Likely in the near
term it’s challenging. But going back to the other question you asked, if I’m
a global organization and I have a banking subsidiary, I’m a non-US
institution. I’m a foreign bank operating in the US, I have a bank in the US
and I have a bank in Europe, the consolidated regulator isn’t the Fed or the
OCC, it’s the European regulator. That legal entity in Europe, they might have
a little bit of an advantage in launching something in Europe, where a US
domiciled institution that’s regulated by the Fed at the consolidated level,
to your point, I think your instincts are right to say new product launches,
new product approvals, there’s still a dynamic where the US regulator leans on
the European regulator and there’s a primary supervision that the European
regulator has. But we basically have an uneven playing field, which is I think
what your question’s getting to. That depending on your setup, depending on
what entities you are and countries you’re in, you might have a different
capability to launch some of these products.

[00:16:43] **Seamus:** I like the quite sympathetic and I think it’s quite
optimistic to look to frame the motivations behind the US regulators around
idea that it’s not specifically looking at asset class, but it’s looking at
how asset class has been introduced into the banking system.

Too often we’ve heard it’s handled almost like a science project, outside the
normal vendor risk management, outside their normal risk processes. As we’ve
seen with some of these banks outside, the basic asset liability, or if they
had any asset liability, liquidity risk management processes. Clearly that
isn’t a digital asset thing. Those are traditional risk management approaches
that weren’t actually applied.

I think it’s quite optimistic to think if the banks do think about this in a
holistic way across all their risk parameters, then the regulators could be
supportive. That would be a nice long-term way to look at this space, and much
safer space for all of us then.

[00:17:36] **Richard:** And I think that’s the work we have to do as an
industry group, is really take the risk and control self-assessment processes,
the vendor risk management processes, and think about how they should be
applied.

It is an asset class of sorts, but it has to be integrated. Still in that
example we went through, it’s a client being onboarded that you’re banking.
You’re still doing a lot of the typical onboarding risk management processes
that you need to, you still need to do asset liability management. You still
need to do all those things. That has nothing to do with digital assets or the
unique elements of crypto. I think you’re spot on with that.

[00:18:21] **Seamus:** Great point. As you mentioned, this is essentially
creating an unlevel playing field. To what degree do you think the US
regulators are maybe reaching out to offshore regulators to influence them so
there isn’t a competitive disadvantage, let’s say?

[00:18:35] **Richard:** It’s interesting. There are some global bodies like
the BIS, BCBS, where global regulators sit on forums and committees and try to
come up with top of the house principles and standards that should be cascaded
to other countries and regulators: CPA, ISCO, the securities infrastructure
body also puts out principles. We actually did see some momentum where they
started to come up at the BIS I believe put out a framework on classification
of digital assets and maybe some capital impacts of those things. The US bank
and regulators sit on that.

In some respects, I think the battleground there is those bodies. Now, that’s
not mandatory. A country could still decide to opt in or implement some of
that. But that intellectual process of coming up with what are the risks, what
are the controls, how is capital get risk weighted, I think is where a lot of
the influences is happening. I think regulators do have other bilateral forums
where they’re sharing ideas. There’s also the AML, the FATF, there’s a whole
body there. I think you’re seeing a lot of that happen.

One other point to make is when you’re dealing with US persons, which I think
the US regulators like to remind people of, then the perimeter extends. You
could be domiciled wherever you want, but there are certain obligations that
controls AML expectations when you’re engaging with a with US persons, even
licensing implications. I think that’s a stick that the US regulators also
have. Even if you decided to re-domicile, are there other impacts and
considerations there too?

They also, as you know, show up to a lot of conferences and events, Seamus. I
think they try in those platforms to try to put out their expectations and
speeches and things. I think they also have these innovation offices where you
can come talk to them. But it feels like a little bit like whack-a-mole.

[00:20:59] **Seamus:** Great points. Going back to your point that the
regulators want to see better risk practices put out, effectively the main
motivation is likely to get better risk practices put in place. If we look at
the US in specific, how well do you think the US banks are navigating this new
need or maybe didn’t recognize that was quite as significant as it was? And
will it just be at the largest US banks that’ll be allowed to service digital
assets? What about the bid market? We’ve seen some of the community regulators
get bit more cautious as well. Can new digital asset banks actually be created
as well in this space from scratch?

[00:21:38] **Richard:** One of the more active spaces in the US is credit
unions. The NCA is a regulator that has responsibility for credit unions, and
credit unions have a mission to serve their community, some binding mission
that you can offer banking products.

The credit union space has been, there was a recent FDIC study in terms of the
number of banks that were engaging or had interest in engaging in digital
assets, I think the number was one 130 in the US or something like 5,000
banks. Those are both directional numbers. But there are banks that are
actually offering products or engaging in the space in the US. If you look at
the credit union space, there’s actually probably a pretty high
proportionality there. Why is that the case? Well, they had put out some
guidance and had been generally more receptive to some of the benefits of
distributed ledger technology, and were allowing banks with the proper
controls and things, to engage. I would just put that out there.

Again, it comes back to that federal banking regulator comment. It depends on
who your regulator is, what your charter is, what your relationship is. It is
very bilateral. If I make an analogy, in the US we have a process for M&A and
licensing, when you set up a new bank or you do a merger, there’s an
application, there’s a business plan and there is a statutory process you go
through. Let’s also compare that to the New York DFS. They have a bit license
and a process that you apply to. For a bank that is trying to do something,
there is not that defined glide path. It’s kind of like, it depends.

What’s happening? If I were advising clients or we were working through things
together, and we have law firm partners that do this as well, is you’re
borrowing from that licensing playbook to say, this is typically what a
business plan includes. Given there is a level of nervousness and trepidation
about these products, let’s really lay out the business plan. Let’s lay out
the proforma, the revenues, the expenses, how we’re going to manage the
product. Let’s lay out our value prop. Then let’s lay out risk management and
compliance and controls practices. Let’s treat this as a new business line.
Maybe not a full entity. I think that approach has worked a lot better for
institutions, allowing the regulators to really sink their teeth into the
fullthroated end-to-end business model. That would include how am I updating
my policies, what new people am I hiring, what training am I doing, what
vendors like Metaco that I’m using that actually have expertise and capability
in this space?

I think that end-to-end view, then coming and answering the question, this is
really aligned to our strategy and this is fundamentally what we want to do,
that’s all happening bilaterally. That’s all happening in back and forth
conversations. There’s not a playbook. There’s not an explicit checklist to go
through.

That’s the work that we’re engaged in. That’s the work banking organizations
that feel very strongly about still having a capability set in here are
navigating.

[00:25:08] **Seamus:** Fascinating. Are those bilateral discussions still
ongoing? Are the banks still building in the space despite all these headwinds
we’ve talked about?

[00:25:16] **Richard:** Yes, but I think you also have to keep in mind they’re
very cognizant of the recent liquidity and market event that we’re going
through. Depending on the bank’s balance sheet strength and positioning coming
out of these recent market events, I think they’re also facing this near-term
pressure of reassuring their customer base that deposits are safe and the bank
is strong. Regulators are asking questions on things like interest rate, risk
management, liquidity management. These recent market events have forced them
to make sure the core banking franchise is solid.

But there are strategic initiatives. Some are saying this is an opportunity,
maybe we can make an acquisition, maybe we can keep building this product
capability. I think some see it as an opportunity. In fact both the crypto
failures and the market events have maybe bought some time for some, at least
in the US. Europe and APAC and others are not slowing down. Every day I think
both of us see pilot and product launches and things that are going on. But at
least within the US sphere, there might be an opportunity to play some catch
up.

[00:26:36] **Seamus:** That definitely seems to be very real. I remember many
discussions with US banks that just couldn’t hire teams, people. Basic human
resources were a basic constraint on growth in this space. But that has eased
up a bit, so that’s good.

Banks and DLT teams are still building digital asset capabilities, maybe less
with the public fanfare. But where are they focusing? As you said, the
landscape’s changed a bit given the concerns about liquidity, et cetera. Has
that impacted the different type of use cases they’re looking at?

[00:27:08] **Richard:** I think it’s been a pretty material shift. There was a
real focus, back when we first started talking about that enthusiasm period
where the buy, hold, sell, crypto capability was a little bit more front and
centre. This was the whole defensive thing, were people taking money out of
their brokerage accounts and bank accounts and moving it to exchanges, and
buying crypto, including stablecoins? You needed a defensive offering there,
which is part of the conversation we had.

But in that time period, there were others that were still looking at broader
settlements, whether it’s repo, reverse repo, moving money, tokenizing cash,
moving money between banks. There was still that going on, but that was
happening in the backdrop. That’s flipped. I think front and centre it’s been
about what can we digitize and tokenize that’s going to create more efficiency
for moving value, whether that’s mortgages, mortgage servicing rights, fixed
income products, deposits in cash. I still think there’s some focus on, do
stablecoin play a role in this ecosystem? Is that a payment utility that we
need to look at?

To me it’s shifted more towards, is custody going to be a commoditized
capability that everybody needs to have? Because if everything’s digitized,
who’s holding those assets, and what are the ecosystems and use cases for
taking those individual products and trying to create value? Each of those
products has a different set of challenges, or things you have to work
through. With mortgages, the challenges are different than fixed income and
equities products.

I think that’s the work that’s going on right now. Some of it’s happening in
consortiums, some of it are banks working with a couple banks and saying,
let’s do this. But what’s interesting is digital asset custody seems to be a
core infrastructure capability that’s going to be needed on this trajectory
that we’re talking about. That is why I think we’re both seeing a lot of
conversations around that.

The other thing I would say, my personal view is that maybe, at least in the
US we would’ve seen stablecoins move up. There’s a lot of work to be done on
Central Bank digital currencies and digital dollars and all this stuff. Was
there room for stablecoins to grow in that void? One of the bills in Congress
in the US was a stablecoin bill that would clarify who could issue
stablecoins, including non-bank. Imagine if you had some legislative clarity
on stablecoins, and a regulation that said this is what you need to do? You
would probably see a lot of financial institutions launch those.

I would’ve told you, Seamus, that we would’ve saw that be pretty prominent,
the cross-border payment capability. You could really see benefits in the
financial system potentially for people, if we had a trusted stablecoin
issuance framework, a regulator beyond just what exists today. But we’re still
waiting for that. I don’t know if your take is similar to what you’re seeing,
but I think things have flipped. A lot more focus on digital assets, custody
capabilities, tokenization of things; versus the buy, hold, sell core crypto
capability set.

[00:31:14] **Seamus:** 100% percent aligned. We used to have a refrain that
the opportunity a firm could monetize today was that buy, hold cryptocurrency
on ramp, off ramps, basically because it was there, clients in demand. Then
effectively the tokenization opportunity was for free because the same
underlying technology could be used to tokenize when it was a thing. Now it’s
basically built for tokenization. When crypto’s allowed again, you get that
for free later on. It’s the optionality in that space. It’s flipped around a
little bit. The difficulty, of course, is tokenization is not just about
technology. It’s a team sport. You need secondary markets, you need liquidity
for these things. Stablecoin seem to be the easiest place probably to start.

What’s your view given some of the legislations in place, how the stablecoin
space will evolve? What we have right now is very much a stablecoin backed by
deposits, and there’s a lot of talk from the banks around tokenized deposits.
Is there a view on how those two things will intersect, if at all?

[00:32:16] **Richard:** Yeah, there’s projects and initiatives like RLN.
There’s work going underway in the US to try to look at, how could tokenize
cash work, how could wholesale large dollar movements work amongst banks? That
is still in the exploration and innovation mode. But there is some momentum
building there.

One of the things your comment or question leads me down a path of is, there’s
not really a clear explanation or view in the US on, what does the payment
system offer today? The Fed is introducing something called FedNow, and people
talk about Zelle. What payment capabilities exist domestically in the US, and
where will we be in a year? The Fed just released FAQs on FedNow versus their
work on Central Bank digital currencies, because I think there was some
confusion, which is I think a good takeaway for some folks.

But FedNow doesn’t solve everything. It still doesn’t deal with the cross-
border large value transfer. There’s some things that you couldn’t necessarily
do with FedNow, but it really does move the US payment system in a direction
of more real-time payments.

Stablecoins, as you know, without a wholesale central bank digital currency or
some digital dollar or tokenized cash, offer the benefits of using blockchain
rails to move money. We’re seeing a lot of retail customers with their
exchange wallets send money home to other countries cross border, and also use
it for DeFi and trading and collateral and whatever they’re using it for.
Those market caps have ebbed and flowed. But largely some corridors of money
movement today we’re using wires, you haven’t completely disintermediated the
existing payment rails. You see in some corridors, Mexico and US where you’re
seeing actually some of the remittances start to use stablecoin rails.

My personal view is it’s going to take some time on digital cash. There was an
initiative in the US, eight banks got together to try to do something with
tokenized cash. That has not progressed. you’re either left in this place of
private permissioned movement of cash in a closed loop ecosystem, stablecoin
which are more happening on a retail basis outside of the bank purview, and
the exploration of central bank digital currencies. There’s this void. If we
had a stablecoin bill, coming back to your question, full circle, and we said
non-bank and banks can issue them, my personal view is we would’ve seen some
competition to the big issuers today, of some more traditional financial
services, household names issuing stablecoin, largely backed by dollars,
largely mirroring the New York Department of Financial Services views on what
really can back a coin. That’s mostly going to be cash and high quality
government treasuries, things like that. We would’ve probably seen them in
people’s wallets.

If you look at the three bills floating around, there was the stablecoin bill
got reposted by the house financial services. Maxine Waters and the Democrats
basically recently said, times have shifted, things have changed, we need to
re-look at that bill. They have proposed some changes; that literally happened
I think yesterday. It is still I would say the best chance of getting
something that would then force some regulatory clarity.

The other point to make here is, the reason probably regulators and
legislators feel so strongly is in the recent market events we actually saw,
because the dollars backed by the stablecoin, they are at banks. If those
banks fail or under pressure, you could have a run on a stablecoin that
creates a systemic risk event in the US. Some people are talking about that
and I think the institutions without the banking system did a fairly good job
of managing through those events. But those are dollars, those are people’s
monies. Those are retail customers holding on to what they believe is backed
by a dollar. I believe there’s still a need to get some clarity on who should
issue, and what are the controls. It goes back to our first comment,
regulatory clarity. Each of these products and services need that framework.

[00:37:34] **Seamus:** It’s a great point. As you said, without the clarity a
consumer doesn’t even know what risk they face. People talked in stable coins,
there was issue risk. But it turns out, as you said, who’s the custodian
probably matters even more as we saw recently. I think this is definitely the
killer app to get the rest of the tokenization space moving. We do need some
tokenized form of, at least a settlement lake. This is the key to unlock the
rest.

Leaving aside some of the regulatory and liquidity discussions, what are some
of the other challenges you see that banks are facing when they try to move
into the space, and how do they navigate those technology-wise, cultural, et
cetera?

[00:38:13] **Richard:** There’s probably two that I would point out. One is,
sometimes you see this, this is a technology searching for a problem. When you
get down to the business value prop, you get down to discussion and you look
at pros and cons and benefits and costs, and you start modelling out what are
the expenses to launch this product and what are the benefits I’m getting,
whether that’s reduction of payment fees or a customer intangible benefit, or
it improves the value of the relationship, whatever it is – once you get down
that path and you start doing pilots, if that front business case wasn’t
strong enough or you didn’t have organizational alignment, I’ve seen some
people lose momentum and stall on that product journey. Whether it was market
events or regulatory events or a change in leadership, they’ve lost the
commitment to that muscle memory to that initiative. Because it takes probably
some upfront investment of time and energy. Not just cost, but you’re spending
mental capacity thinking about how you want to do that.

What I’m saying is, is it the best use of the technology? I think you’ve got
to feel really strongly about that, and you’ve got to have some data. I think
we’re getting, with all the pilots that have gone on and some public, some
have failed, some have been successful. You hear some negative, you hear some
positive. Like, distributed ledgers really good at tracking supply chain, can
it be successful in an exchange settlement capacity? Does it have enough
throughput? What’s really the benefit in tokenized cash?

I think the industry’s gotten better about really being focused and
demonstrating that, yes, we’re going to walk before we run, we’re really going
to have a clear view on benefits. That’s one.

Two is, sometimes it takes an ecosystem. It’s not just you doing the project,
you might need the end to end, whether it’s the investors, whatever market
you’re in there’s multiple sides of that product. Sometimes people want to
deal in traditional financial services, or we have traditional processes, like
in mortgages, the way we do titles, the way we store mortgages information.
Government agencies that like to see information a certain way. I see a lot of
focus on crafting these solutions in context of not trying to create too much
friction for adoption. How do you really see the benefits of some of this? You
have to almost create these ecosystems where there’s enough people
participating so there’s enough liquidity. Who’s creating those ecosystems?
Who’s creating that work? A lot of institutions have taken leadership roles in
trying to do that, and that’s where you see these groups forming up.

That’s the other challenge. Maybe sometimes also it’s not just reg, but legal,
bankruptcy, settlement laws. Sometimes we need these things to also be aligned
or reflect bankruptcy law, we see a lot about settlement finality. You see a
lot of white papers and focus on how some of this needs to shift as well. It’s
honestly a little bit less about the technology and capability and more about
how this works in traditional financial services, and how we get adoption. I
don’t know if you share the same take.

[00:41:58] **Seamus:** Totally. I think you’ve nailed some key points. As you
said, blockchain’s a team sport. For this to work, it’s not just one firm
doing this on their own, otherwise you just use a database. Clearly the
ambiguity around things bankruptcy, remote, are so fundamental. When
everything was bottom left to the upper right, nobody cared. But now these
things matter. They always mattered, but people just didn’t pay attention.

We’ve spoken a lot about banks. But in introduction your practice isn’t just
banks. You’re working on setting up entities with FinTech, digital native
space, you enable M&A, enable to launch new digital asset products. What are
you seeing outside of banks? How’s this tough regulatory environment, we’ve
talked about how it affects banks, how does it affect the rest of the market?
Or are there opportunities there?

[00:42:45] **Richard:** It comes back to that first point we talked about,
which is depending on the entity and how you’re regulated, changes what you
can do and how much freedom you have.

If you’re a broker dealer, the broker dealer regulators haven’t really updated
their views on capital and segregation of assets. But if you’re a payments
company and you’re a money transmitter, and you’re not a broker dealer, you’re
not a bank, and maybe you operate with a trust entity which is designed to
custody assets or you have a money transmission payments company, you’ve had
probably more freedom. You’re not in the banking regulatory framework, you’re
in the state money transmission framework. You’re generally using your money
transmission license, which has AML requirements. Then you have the New York
DFS, which has been the regulator that’s put the most explicit guidance out
there. You need to get a bit license if you’re engaged in virtual assets.

This conversation we’re having, you’re working through a regulator that
believes it has the tools to care for the risks associated with digital
assets, so you’re doing more. You might have a stablecoin project sitting on
your shelf. You might have a custody capability that you want to get done, and
you still might need to engage with the banking regulators because the trust
entity requires in some cases if you’re a national trust, you need OCC
approval. But probably, you’ve got a little bit of an edge right now. You’re
also having to keep in mind that the SEC and others are looking at activity,
regardless of where it takes place. You’re constantly looking at these
different regulators and what they’re putting out there, but it’s probably
been a space where you’ve been able to get more done. We see that a lot of the
big stablecoin issuers, a lot of the big crypto custodians, digital asset
custodians, they’re not banks, they are operating in the state trust and money
transmission space to offer those products. That’s where a lot of the
innovation and product development’s happening.

They’re still up against an increasingly more enforcement minded regulator.

[00:45:15] **Seamus:** Richard, unfortunately we’re coming up to time. I think
we could continue going down many different avenues in this discussion. But
listen, it’s been great discussing things with you. Just to wrap things up,
what’s next for you, for Deloitte, your practice? How can you help banks with
everything that has been discussed? How can Deloitte help bank with banks?

[00:45:35] **Richard:** As you are, we’re playing the long and medium term
game here, where we have a global practice, a dedicated blockchain and digital
assets practice, and we are investing heavily in helping clients figure out
how to engage with digital assets. That includes with regulators, with banks,
and that hasn’t changed. What’s next is we’re going to continue working
through these issues, defining the playbooks, helping clients launch these
products. Very much akin to the Bank’s CEO’s comments, we believe there’s
utility and a role for blockchain and digital assets and our practice is going
to help clients do that. I hope to be part of the conversation on what are
those capabilities, what does good look like? I know you’re doing the same, so
I appreciate your leadership as well.

[00:46:22] **Seamus:** Richard, it’s been super having you on. I really
appreciate you sharing your insights and incredible knowledge in this space.
Thanks for joining today.

[00:46:29] **Richard:** Take care. I wish you a great day.

[00:46:31] **Seamus:** Great, thanks Richard. To our guests, thanks again for
joining and do follow our website. As always, we’ll upload the recording after
this and this transcript of the conversation to
[www.metaco.com](http://www.metaco.com), and also available in all your
favourite podcast channels.

In the meantime, please let us know if you have any feedback in this episode
on the general format of the show or what speakers do you want to see featured
here. We’d love to hear feedback. Thanks again for joining. See you next time.

![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/footer.png?x88149)

## **Explore** previous episodes

  * ![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/01/mt-speaker_ep-44-square-640x640.png?x88149)

[Talks](https://www.metaco.com/category/talks/)

February 6, 2024

[David Riegelnig (Rulematch)Digital Asset Trading Tailored to the Needs of
Financial Institutions](https://www.metaco.com/talks/rulematch-institutional-
digital-asset-trading/ "Digital Asset Trading Tailored to the Needs of
Financial Institutions")

  * ![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/12/mt-speaker_ep-43-square_dark-blue-640x640.png?x88149)

[Talks](https://www.metaco.com/category/talks/)

January 11, 2024

[Rajeev Tummala (HSBC Securities Services)The institutional value-chain of
tokenized securities](https://www.metaco.com/talks/institutional-value-chain-
tokenized-securities-rajeev-tummala-hsbc/ "The institutional value-chain of
tokenized securities")

  * ![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/11/mt-speaker_ep-42_light-blue-square-640x640.png?x88149)

[Talks](https://www.metaco.com/category/talks/)

November 14, 2023

[Angela Itzikowitz (ENS Africa) and Ashveen Gopee (PWC Mauritius)The Digital
Asset Ecosystem in Mauritius and South
Africa](https://www.metaco.com/talks/da-ecosystem-mauritius-south-africa-
aitzikowitz-agoppee/ "The Digital Asset Ecosystem in Mauritius and South
Africa")

[![Metaco](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/logo-w.svg?x88149)](https://www.metaco.com)

  * [Solutions](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/)
    * [Global Custodians](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/global-custodians-top-tier-banks/)
    * [Universal Banks](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/universal-banks/)
    * [Neobanks & Fintechs](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/neobanks-fintechs/)
    * [Regulated Exchanges](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/regulated-exchanges/)
    * [Corporates](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/corporates/)
  * [Platform](https://www.metaco.com/platform/)
    * [Harmonize™](https://www.metaco.com/platform/harmonize/)
    * [Custody](https://www.metaco.com/platform/custody/)
    * [Trading](https://www.metaco.com/platform/trading/)
    * [Web3](https://www.metaco.com/platform/web3/)
    * [Governance](https://www.metaco.com/platform/governance/)
    * [Orchestration](https://www.metaco.com/platform/orchestration/)
    * [Tokenization](https://www.metaco.com/platform/tokenization/)
    * [Integration](https://www.metaco.com/platform/integration/)
    * [Security](https://www.metaco.com/platform/security/)
  * [Company](https://www.metaco.com/company/media-coverage-press-releases/)
    * [About](https://www.metaco.com/company/about/)
    * [Media & news](https://www.metaco.com/company/media-coverage-press-releases/)
    * [Jobs](https://www.metaco.com/jobs/)
  * [Resources](https://www.metaco.com/resources/)
    * [Talks](https://www.metaco.com/resources/talks/)
    * [Webinars](https://www.metaco.com/resources/webinars/)
    * [Case studies](https://www.metaco.com/resources/case-studies/)
    * [Reports](https://www.metaco.com/resources/reports/)
    * [Blog](https://www.metaco.com/resources/blog/)

![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/10/sco2.png?x88149)![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/10/iso27001.png?x88149)

  * [__](https://www.twitter.com/metaco_sa "Twitter: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")
  * [__](https://www.linkedin.com/company/metaco-ag/ "Linkedin: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")
  * [__](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC4MLOKnJD9bXfHVXMnHM7ow "Youtube: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")
  * [__](https://open.spotify.com/show/0IiI7iftR3F3RqinfJbpRT "Spotify: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")

© 2015-2024 - Metaco SA - All Rights Reserved |[ Terms & Conditions](https://www.metaco.com/terms-conditions/) | [Privacy Policy](https://www.metaco.com/privacy-policy/) | [Cookie policy](https://www.metaco.com/cookie-policy/)

