[](https://www.binance.com/en)

[Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/crypto/buy)

[Markets](https://www.binance.com/en/markets/overview)

Trade

Basic

  * [SpotBuy and sell on the Spot market with advanced tools](https://www.binance.com/en/trade/BTC_USDT?type=spot)
  * [MarginIncrease your profits with leverage](https://www.binance.com/en/trade?type=cross)
  * [P2PBuy & sell cryptocurrencies using bank transfer and 800+ options](https://p2p.binance.com/en)
  * [Convert & Block TradeThe easiest way to trade at all sizes](https://www.binance.com/en/convert)

Advanced

  * [Trading BotsTrade smarter with our various automated strategies - easy, fast and reliable](https://www.binance.com/en/trading-bots)
  * [Copy TradingFollow the most popular traders](https://www.binance.com/en/copy-trading)
  * [APIsUnlimited opportunities with one key](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-api)

[Futures](https://www.binance.com/en/futures/home)

  * [USDⓈ-M FuturesContracts settled in USDT and USDC](https://www.binance.com/en/futures)
  * [COIN-M FuturesContracts settled in cryptocurrency](https://www.binance.com/en/delivery)
  * [OptionsUSDT Options with limited downside and affordable entry](https://www.binance.com/en/eoptions)

[Earn](https://www.binance.com/en/earn)

[Square](https://www.binance.com/en/square)

  * [SquareStay informed with everything crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/square)
  * [Academy (Learn & Earn)Earn crypto by learning about blockchain](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn)
  * [BlogExpand your knowledge and get the latest insights](https://www.binance.com/en/blog)
  * [ResearchInstitutional-grade analysis, in-depth insights, and more](https://www.binance.com/en/research)

More

  * [VIP & InstitutionalYour trusted digital asset platform for VIPs and institutions](https://www.binance.com/en/vip-institutional-services)
  * [Launchpad & LaunchpoolDiscover and gain access to new token launches](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)
  * [MegadropLock your BNB and complete Web3 quests for boosted airdrop rewards](https://www.binance.com/en/megadrop)
  * [Mining PoolMine more rewards by connecting to the pool](https://pool.binance.com/en)
  * [PaySend, receive and spend crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/payment)
  * [LoansGet an instant loan secured by crypto assets](https://www.binance.com/en/loan)

  * [NFTExplore NFTs from creators worldwide](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/home)
  * [Fan TokenDiscover an all-new fandom and unlock unlimited fan experiences](https://www.binance.com/en/fan-token)
  * [Web3 WalletMeet the next-generation Web3 wallet](https://www.binance.com/en/web3wallet)
  * [BNB ChainThe most popular blockchain to build your own dApp](https://www.bnbchain.org)
  * [CharityBlockchain empowers charity to be more transparent, efficient, and traceable](https://www.binance.charity)

[Log
In](https://accounts.binance.com/en/login?loginChannel=blog&return_to=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYmluYW5jZS5jb20vZW4vYmxvZy9mdXR1cmVzL2hvdy10by11c2UtdGhlLWNyeXB0by1mdXR1cmVzLW1hcmtldC1wYWdlLW9uLWJpbmFuY2UtNTM1Njk3OTQ4NzUwNDI0ODQ0OD9sYW5nPWVu)[Sign
Up](https://accounts.binance.com/en/register?registerChannel=blog&return_to=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYmluYW5jZS5jb20vZW4vYmxvZy9mdXR1cmVzL2hvdy10by11c2UtdGhlLWNyeXB0by1mdXR1cmVzLW1hcmtldC1wYWdlLW9uLWJpbmFuY2UtNTM1Njk3OTQ4NzUwNDI0ODQ0OD9sYW5nPWVu)

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/images/common/logo.png)

Scan to Download App IOS & Android

[More Download
Options](https://www.binance.com/en/download?utm_source=&utm_campaign=)

##### [Binance Blog](/blog)

# How to Use the Crypto Futures Market Page on Binance

2024-02-07

Disclaimer: _Digital asset prices can be volatile. Do your own research. See
full terms_[ __here__](https://www.binance.com/en/live/content-terms) _and our
risk warning_[ __here__](https://www.binance.com/en/risk-warning) _and below.
Binance Futures products are restricted in certain countries and to certain
users. This communication is not intended for users/countries to which
restrictions apply._

##  Main Takeaways

  * The Binance Crypto Futures Market page provides traders with comprehensive data to discern market dynamics and sentiment.

  * The information empowers traders with insights into different metrics such as open interest, long/short ratio, altcoin week index, market indices, and heatmap.

  * Analyzing the sentiment behind these insights can help traders make more informed decisions, better assess market conditions, and refine their trading strategies.

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20240207/b2f1a3a1-3746-4a86-9d2f-130f5ccaae91)

Crypto futures represent a contractual agreement wherein a market participant
commits to buying or selling an underlying cryptocurrency asset at a
predetermined price on a specified future date.

Futures contracts act as a hedging instrument, offering market participants
effective ways to mitigate potential risks associated with volatile
cryptocurrency prices. For instance, if an investor holds a significant amount
of a particular cryptocurrency and is concerned about a potential price drop,
they can enter into a short futures contract to profit from the price decline.
This strategy effectively offsets potential losses in their cryptocurrency
holdings.

Futures traders employ an array of tools to meticulously analyze market
trends, enabling them to craft effective trading strategies and make informed
decisions.

## **What is the Crypto Futures Market Page on Binance?**

The [_Binance Crypto Futures Market
page_](https://www.binance.com/en/futures/markets/um) provides traders with
comprehensive data to discern market dynamics and sentiment. Using the
insights, traders can make more informed decisions, better assess market
conditions, and refine their trading strategies. It empowers traders with
insights into different metrics such as open interest, long/short ratio,
altcoin week index, market indices, and heatmap.

##
![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20240207/7c29cb3c-3b25-4cd3-891c-b4e926aacf0f)

This article examines the available data and discusses what traders can
understand about the market from this information.

### **Open Interest**

Open Interest (OI) in a futures market is a tool that monitors the aggregate
number of open positions at any given moment in a futures contract, such as
BTC perpetual. It is a metric for gauging how traders are positioned in the
cryptocurrency market and their overall
[sentiment](https://academy.binance.com/en/glossary/sentiment) towards the
market’s direction. Traders use the changes in open interest, volume, and
price to analyze the existing market sentiment. For example, if open interest
increases concurrently with asset volume and prices, it may be a clue for a
potential bull run.

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20240207/4316b7c8-8349-4af9-a6ee-0aa9ddac4661)

[_Open interest_](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/futures/what-information-
does-open-interest-convey-421499824684900398) is calculated by summing up all
the open trades in a contract and subtracting all the closed positions,
regardless of long and short positions. Typically, it portrays the inflow and
outflow of capital from a market. For instance, open interest increases when
capital inflows into the futures market and decreases with every outflow.
Therefore, it can signal a bull market when the open interest increases along
with trading volume and price. A decline in open interest may indicate a bear
market.

**Example:**

Suppose Kevin, Jillo, and Gloria are trading a BTCUSD perpetual contract. If
Kevin buys 5 BTC to enter a long position, the open interest increases by 5
(+5). If Jillo opens a short position with 2 BTC, the open interest increases
with another 2 (+2). However, if Gloria sells her 3 BTC to close a long
position, open interest decreases by 3 (-3). Therefore, the contract’s open
interest is 4.

_**(5 + 2) + (-3) = 4**_

### **Long/Short Ratio**

The [_long/short ratio_](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/futures/what-is-
longshort-ratio-and-what-does-it-convey-in-cryptocurrency-
futures-6728490800036398885) is an indicator that shows the proportion of net
long accounts to net short accounts with positions for a particular contract.
It is a common indicator of market health and direction. A high long/short
ratio indicates positive investor sentiment and a potential price increase,
while a low ratio signals negative investor sentiment. The ratio typically
increases if there are more long positions relative to short positions.

Traders use the Binance long/short ratio to identify when prices are likely to
rise or fall. For instance, as the ratio approaches a Fibonacci level and most
participants are trading long, it signals a potential opportunity for a short
position.

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20240207/59318577-89ee-430b-aad3-abe0215eefbe)

The long/short ratio is calculated by dividing the long positions by the short
positions. The timeframe for this calculation ranges between 5 minutes and 24
hours. The calculations are as follows:

_Long account % = Accounts with net long positions / Total Accounts with
positions_

 _Short Account % =   Accounts with net short positions / Total Accounts with
positions_

 _Long/Short Ratio = Long account % / Short Account %_

**Example**

Suppose a particular contract has a long account percentage of 69.78% and a
short account percentage of 30.22%. The long/short ratio will be 2.31 (69.78%
/ 30.22%). This means that the long positions are 2.31 times as much as the
short positions. It typically indicates an imminent bullish trend.

### **Altcoin Week Index**

The altcoin week index is a metric that monitors the performance of Bitcoin
relative to a basket of
[_altcoins_](https://academy.binance.com/en/glossary/altcoin). It determines
whether it is Altcoin Week or Bitcoin Week based on the index reading. It is
considered a Bitcoin Week if only 25% (or less) of the top 50 altcoins perform
better than Bitcoin within the last 7 days. On the contrary, it is Altcoin
week if 75% (or more) of the altcoins outperform Bitcoin in the last 7 days.
When the percentage lies between 25% and 75%, it measures the intensity of
Altcoin Week.

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20240207/89440083-33ad-499e-89af-932d7d407a26)

The Altcoin Week Index is calculated by dividing the number of altcoins
outperforming Bitcoin by the top 50 altcoins and multiplying the result by
100. Altcoin Week may typically be marked by more capital flowing into altcoin
markets than towards Bitcoin. In addition, it can potentially be signaled by
an increase in altcoin prices and a stable or decline in Bitcoin price.

The top 50 altcoins used in this index exclude asset-backed tokens and
stablecoins like Tether. This metric gives investors greater insight into the
market dynamics and direction. It signals whether to be bullish on Bitcoin or
altcoins.

**Example:**

Let’s say the Altcoin Week Index reads 18. It means market sentiment still
points towards Bitcoin since the index is below 25%. Only 18% of the top 50
altcoins have outperformed Bitcoin.

### **Market Index**

An index is technically a tool used to track the performance of an asset (s).
The resulting measurement is used to simulate the behavior of a particular
market segment. In regards to this, the market index in Binance Futures is
used to gauge specific market sentiments. This ranges from the NFT market, PoW
blockchains, DeFi, DEX, Layer 1 and Layer 2 blockchains, metaverse, etc.

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20240207/368bbd98-4782-439e-8a02-1f98255fcebf)

The DeFi index, for instance, measures and tracks the overall performance of
the DeFi tokens and coins listed on Binance Futures. The DeFi index value is
calculated by taking a weighted average of the prices of its components. These
types of futures contracts take into account the changes that reflect market
capitalization and volume.

### **Heatmap**

A heatmap is a graphical representation of data that uses colors to
demonstrate different values. The Binance Futures Heatmap is a visual
representation of the performance of USDⓈ-M or COIN-M perpetual contracts. It
automatically organizes real-time data based on price changes and multiple
technical indicators using a color scheme (green, red, and gray) that reflects
a decline or rise in market trends. The green means that the asset’s price is
appreciating, the red signifies a decline, while the gray implies stability.

The different shades of these colors also provide investors with insight into
an asset’s 24-hour price changes. For instance:

  * 0% price change = gray

  * 0 - 10% price change = light green/red

  * 10 - 20% price change = green/red

  * 20%+ price change = dark green/red

###
![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20240207/d3768f35-31a1-409c-bf5b-72f5c820d3b7)

### **What Information Can Be Conveyed from Heatmap?**

A trader can use different advanced filters to get more insight from the
heatmap. These include:

  * **Trading volume** – The data blocks are organized based on volume, i.e., the bigger the block size, the higher the contract’s volume.

  * **24h Change** – The block size is based on the percentage change within the last 24 hours

  * **Market Cap** – The heatmap is organized based on the contract’s market capitalization. 

The contracts are also categorized into Layer 1, Layer 2, and DeFi.

The [_heatmap_](https://www.binance.com/en-IN/support/faq/what-is-the-heatmap-
on-binance-futures-31c7078c841a456c9bb7c312dbc8a299) performance index can
further be filtered based on price performance indicators, RSI, volatility,
and funding rates.

**Price Performance Indicators**

The price-performance indicator signals a
[_cryptocurrency’s_](https://academy.binance.com/en/articles/what-is-a-
cryptocurrency) price movement, with the green color indicating rising prices
and the red declining prices. The gray color means that the prices have been
stable within that particular timeframe. The timeframe also ranges between
1-hour performance change to 1 month-performance change.

**RSI Oscillator**

The RSI indicator shows the momentum and size of a contract’s price changes
within a specific period. It is used to determine whether an asset is
undervalued or overvalued based on its price. A reading above 70 signals an
overbought condition, while that below 30 shows an oversold condition. A deep
red color indicates the RSI is above 80, and the asset is highly overbought. A
deep green color shows the RSI reading is below 20, while a gray color is
represented by a reading of 50.

**Volatility**

Volatility displays a cryptocurrency’s price fluctuation rate. It is
represented by gray colors and shades of blue. For instance, when volatility
is above 7%, it is represented by a dark blue color. The color’s intensity
declines as the volatility reduces. The gray color shows there is 0%
volatility.

**Funding Rates**

Funding rates (FR) refer to the payments made by long and short traders within
a specific timeframe. A trader typically pays or receives funding based on
their open positions. A funding rate between -0.005 and -0.01 is represented
by a red color, while FR above 0.01 is indicated by deep green.

## **Closing Thoughts**

The Binance Crypto Futures Market page can serve as a valuable tool for
assessing market trends and gauging market sentiment. Nonetheless,
supplementing it with additional tools to formulate more informed investment
decisions and strategies can help mitigate traders with better risk
management.

## Further Reading

  * [(FAQ) ](https://www.binance.com/en/support/faq/how-to-go-long-or-short-on-binance-futures-489c90b44dbe454d85fc4cbdca10dcb1)[_How to Go Long or Short on Binance Futures_](https://www.binance.com/en/support/faq/how-to-go-long-or-short-on-binance-futures-489c90b44dbe454d85fc4cbdca10dcb1)

  * [(Blog) ](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/futures/price-convergence-and-funding-fees-in-perpetual-futures-markets-3967228051272907352)[_Price Convergence and Funding Fees in Perpetual Futures Markets_](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/futures/price-convergence-and-funding-fees-in-perpetual-futures-markets-3967228051272907352)

  * [(Blog) ](https://www.binance.com/en-ZA/blog/all/crypto-futures-trading-for-beginners-heres-a-5step-plan-to-get-started-8882564785721193684)[_Crypto Futures Trading For Beginners: Here’s a 5-Step Plan to Get Started!_](https://www.binance.com/en-ZA/blog/all/crypto-futures-trading-for-beginners-heres-a-5step-plan-to-get-started-8882564785721193684)

_**Risk Warning:**_

_No Representation  _

_This content is presented to you on an "as is" basis for general information
and educational purposes only, without representation or warranty of any kind.
It is not intended or should not be construed as financial or investment
advice, nor is it to recommend or intend to recommend the purchase or sale of
any specific product(s) or service(s)._

_Hypothetical Performance Results_

 _Digital asset prices can be volatile. The value of your investment may go
down or up, and you may not get back the amount invested. Any results posted
herein are intended as examples only to provide you with a reference of what
potentially could have made or lost trading with the technical indicators and
tools, but are in no way a reflection of what you could have made or lost in
the same situation. Therefore, you should not rely on the results as a
representation of what your returns or losses would have been utilizing such
technical indicators.  _

_There are numerous other factors related to the market in general or to the
implementation of any specific trading program which cannot be fully accounted
for in the preparation of hypothetical performance results and all of which
can adversely affect actual trading results. Past performance should not be
taken as an indication or guarantee of future performance, and no
representation or warranty, expressed or implied is made regarding future
performance._

_Futures trading, in particular, is subject to high market risk and price
volatility. You may be called upon at short notice to make additional margin
deposits or interest payments. If the required margin deposits or interest
payments are not made within the prescribed time, your collateral may be
liquidated without your consent. Moreover, you will remain liable for any
resulting deficit in your account and interest charged on your account. All of
your margin balance may be liquidated in the event of adverse price movement.
Past performance is not a reliable predictor of future performance. Before
trading, you should make an independent assessment of the appropriateness of
the transaction in light of your own objectives and circumstances, including
the risks and potential benefits. Consult your own advisers, where
appropriate. This information should not be construed as financial or
investment advice. To learn more about how to protect yourself, visit our_[
__Responsible Trading page__](https://www.binance.com/en/futures/responsible-
trading) _._

_Responsibilities  _

_You are solely responsible for your investment decisions, and Binance is not
liable for any losses or damages you may incur. The risk warning described
herein is not exhaustive, therefore you should carefully consider your
investment experience, financial situation, investment objective, risk
tolerance level and consult your independent financial adviser as to the
suitability of your situation prior making any investment. For more
information, see our_[ __Terms of Use__](https://www.binance.com/en/terms)
_and_[ __Risk Warning__](https://www.binance.com/en/risk-warning) _._

_The products and services referred to herein may be restricted in certain
jurisdictions or regions or to certain users in accordance with applicable
legal and regulatory requirements. You are solely responsible for informing
yourself about and observing any restrictions and/or requirements imposed with
respect to the access to and use of any products and services offered by or
available through Binance in each country or region from which they are
accessed by you or on your behalf.  _

_Binance reserves the right to change, modify or impose additional
restrictions with respect to the access to and use of any products and/or
services offered from time to time in its sole discretion at any time without
notification._

195,030,661 users chose us. Find out why today.

Register Now

Like this post

###### Share Post

Article Outlines

How to Use the Crypto Futures Market Page on Binance

Main Takeaways

What is the Crypto Futures Market Page on Binance?

Closing Thoughts

Further Reading

195,030,661 users chose us. Find out why today.

Register Now

### Community

[](https://discord.gg/jE4wt8g2H2)[](https://www.binance.com/en/community)[](https://www.tiktok.com/@binance?lang=en)[](https://www.facebook.com/binance)[](https://twitter.com/binance)[](https://www.reddit.com/r/binance)[](https://www.instagram.com/Binance/)[](https://coinmarketcap.com/exchanges/binance/)[](https://www.youtube.com/binanceyoutube)[](https://www.binance.com/en/community)

USD-$

USD-$

AED-د.إ

ARS-ARS$

AUD-A$

BDT-৳

BGN-лв

BHD-.د.ب

BOB-$b

BRL-R$

CAD-C$

CHF-CHF

CNY-¥

COP-COL$

CZK-Kč

DKK-KR

EGP-E£

EUR-€

GBP-£

HKD-HKD

HRK-kn

HUF-Ft

IDR-Rp

INR-₹

JPY-¥

KES-KSh

KWD-ك.د

KZT-₸

MAD-م.د.

MNT-₮

MXN-Mex$

NZD-NZ$

OMR-ر.ع.

PEN-S/.

PHP-₱

PKR-₨

PLN-zł

QAR-ر.ق

RON-lei

RUB-₽

SAR-ر.س

SEK-kr

THB-฿

TRY-₺

TWD-NT$

UAH-₴

UGX-USh

VES-Bs

VND-₫

ZAR-R

Theme

USD

Theme

### About Us

  * [About](https://www.binance.com/en/about)
  * [Careers](https://www.binance.com/en/careers)
  * [Announcements](https://www.binance.com/en/support/announcement)
  * [News](https://www.binance.com/en/square/news/all)
  * [Press](https://www.binance.com/en/press)
  * [Legal](https://www.binance.com/en/legal/home)
  * [Terms](https://www.binance.com/en/terms)
  * [Privacy](https://www.binance.com/en/about-legal/privacy-portal)
  * [Building Trust](https://www.binance.com/en/land/building_trust)
  * [Blog](https://www.binance.com/en/blog)
  * [Community](https://www.binance.com/en/community)
  * [Sitemap](https://www.binance.com/en/country-region-selector)
  * [Risk Warning](https://www.binance.com/en/risk-warning)
  * [Notices](https://www.binance.com/en/support/list/notices)
  * [Downloads](https://www.binance.com/en/download)
  * [Desktop Application](https://www.binance.com/en/desktop-download)

### Products

  * [Exchange](https://www.binance.com/en/trade)
  * [Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/buy-sell-crypto)
  * [Leveraged Tokens](https://www.binance.com/en/leveraged-tokens/tokens/allTokens)
  * [TradingView](https://www.binance.com/en/land/tradingview)
  * [Pay](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/payment)
  * [Academy](https://academy.binance.com/en)
  * [Live](https://www.binance.com/en/live)
  * [Tax](https://www.binance.com/en/tax)
  * [Gift Card](https://www.binance.com/en/gift-card)
  * [Launchpad & Launchpool](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)
  * [Auto-Invest](https://www.binance.com/en/auto-invest)
  * [ETH Staking](https://www.binance.com/en/eth2)
  * [NFT](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/home)
  * [BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/bnb)
  * [BABT](https://www.binance.com/en/BABT?source=footer)
  * [Research](https://www.binance.com/en/research)
  * [Charity](https://www.binance.charity)

### Business

  * [P2P Merchant Application](https://c2c.binance.com/en/merchantApplication)
  * [P2Pro Merchant Application](https://p2p.binance.com/en/p2pro)
  * [Listing Application](https://www.binance.com/en/my/coin-apply)
  * [Institutional & VIP Services](https://www.binance.com/en/vip-institutional-services)
  * [Labs](https://labs.binance.com/)

### Learn

  * [Learn & Earn](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn)
  * [Browse Crypto Prices](https://www.binance.com/en/price)
  * [Bitcoin Price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/bitcoin)
  * [Ethereum Price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/ethereum)
  * [Browse Crypto Price Predictions](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction)
  * [Bitcoin Price Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction/bitcoin)
  * [Ethereum Price Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction/ethereum)
  * [Buy Bitcoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bitcoin)
  * [Buy BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bnb)
  * [Buy Ripple](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/xrp)
  * [Buy Dogecoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/dogecoin)
  * [Buy Ethereum](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/ethereum)
  * [Buy Tradable Altcoins](https://www.binance.com/en/altcoins/tradable)

### Service

  * [Affiliate](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/affiliate)
  * [Referral](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/referral?utm_source=Lite_web_footer)
  * [OTC Trading](https://www.binance.com/en/otc)
  * [Historical Market Data](https://www.binance.com/en/landing/data)
  * [Proof of Reserves](https://www.binance.com/en/proof-of-reserves)

### Support

  * [24/7 Chat Support](https://www.binance.com/en/chat?sourceEntry=4)
  * [Support Center](https://www.binance.com/en/support)
  * [Product Feedback & Suggestions](https://www.binance.com/en/my/user-support/feedback/entry)
  * [Fees](https://www.binance.com/en/fee/schedule)
  * [APIs](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-api)
  * [Binance Verify](https://www.binance.com/en/official-verification)
  * [Trading Rules](https://www.binance.com/en/trade-rule)
  * [Binance Airdrop Portal](https://www.binance.com/en/airdrop)
  * [Law Enforcement Requests](https://www.binance.com/en/support/law-enforcement)

Binance© 2024Cookie Preferences

