[](https://www.binance.com/en)

[Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/crypto/buy)

[Markets](https://www.binance.com/en/markets/overview)

Trade

Basic

  * [SpotBuy and sell on the Spot market with advanced tools](https://www.binance.com/en/trade/BTC_USDT?type=spot)
  * [MarginIncrease your profits with leverage](https://www.binance.com/en/trade?type=cross)
  * [P2PBuy & sell cryptocurrencies using bank transfer and 800+ options](https://p2p.binance.com/en)
  * [Convert & Block TradeThe easiest way to trade at all sizes](https://www.binance.com/en/convert)

Advanced

  * [Trading BotsTrade smarter with our various automated strategies - easy, fast and reliable](https://www.binance.com/en/trading-bots)
  * [Copy TradingFollow the most popular traders](https://www.binance.com/en/copy-trading)
  * [APIsUnlimited opportunities with one key](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-api)

[Futures](https://www.binance.com/en/futures/home)

  * [USDⓈ-M FuturesContracts settled in USDT and USDC](https://www.binance.com/en/futures)
  * [COIN-M FuturesContracts settled in cryptocurrency](https://www.binance.com/en/delivery)
  * [OptionsUSDT Options with limited downside and affordable entry](https://www.binance.com/en/eoptions)

[Earn](https://www.binance.com/en/earn)

[Square](https://www.binance.com/en/square)

  * [SquareStay informed with everything crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/square)
  * [Academy (Learn & Earn)Earn crypto by learning about blockchain](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn)
  * [BlogExpand your knowledge and get the latest insights](https://www.binance.com/en/blog)
  * [ResearchInstitutional-grade analysis, in-depth insights, and more](https://www.binance.com/en/research)

More

  * [VIP & InstitutionalYour trusted digital asset platform for VIPs and institutions](https://www.binance.com/en/vip-institutional-services)
  * [Launchpad & LaunchpoolDiscover and gain access to new token launches](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)
  * [MegadropLock your BNB and complete Web3 quests for boosted airdrop rewards](https://www.binance.com/en/megadrop)
  * [Mining PoolMine more rewards by connecting to the pool](https://pool.binance.com/en)
  * [PaySend, receive and spend crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/payment)
  * [LoansGet an instant loan secured by crypto assets](https://www.binance.com/en/loan)

  * [NFTExplore NFTs from creators worldwide](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/home)
  * [Fan TokenDiscover an all-new fandom and unlock unlimited fan experiences](https://www.binance.com/en/fan-token)
  * [Web3 WalletMeet the next-generation Web3 wallet](https://www.binance.com/en/web3wallet)
  * [BNB ChainThe most popular blockchain to build your own dApp](https://www.bnbchain.org)
  * [CharityBlockchain empowers charity to be more transparent, efficient, and traceable](https://www.binance.charity)

[Log
In](https://accounts.binance.com/en/login?loginChannel=blog&return_to=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYmluYW5jZS5jb20vZW4vYmxvZy9jb21wbGlhbmNlL2JpbmFuY2Utam9pbnMtdGhlLWdsb2JhbC10cmF2ZWwtcnVsZS1hbGxpYW5jZS10by1hZHZhbmNlLWludGVyb3BlcmFibGUtY29tcGxpYW5jZS1hbmQtc3RyZW5ndGhlbi1zZWN1cml0eS03OTM2OTY1NzQwNTMwNjY5MTA0P2xhbmc9ZW4%3D)[Sign
Up](https://accounts.binance.com/en/register?registerChannel=blog&return_to=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYmluYW5jZS5jb20vZW4vYmxvZy9jb21wbGlhbmNlL2JpbmFuY2Utam9pbnMtdGhlLWdsb2JhbC10cmF2ZWwtcnVsZS1hbGxpYW5jZS10by1hZHZhbmNlLWludGVyb3BlcmFibGUtY29tcGxpYW5jZS1hbmQtc3RyZW5ndGhlbi1zZWN1cml0eS03OTM2OTY1NzQwNTMwNjY5MTA0P2xhbmc9ZW4%3D)

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/images/common/logo.png)

Scan to Download App IOS & Android

[More Download
Options](https://www.binance.com/en/download?utm_source=&utm_campaign=)

##### [Binance Blog](/blog)

# Binance Joins the Global Travel Rule Alliance to Advance Interoperable
Compliance and Strengthen Security

2024-03-26

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20240326/97dfe1d4-e590-4ec9-a8df-44e18873a538)

Making crypto compliant with existing regulatory frameworks and interoperable
with traditional legal and financial systems is an enormous yet hugely
worthwhile task. To get there, we must achieve a certain level of
standardization in how our industry goes about compliance.

Binance has recently made a big step in this direction by joining the [_Global
Travel Rule_](https://www.globaltravelrule.com/en/home) (GTR) Alliance – a
global community of virtual-asset service providers utilizing the same
solution for complying with one of the key international anti-money-laundering
rules.

## Playing by the Travel Rule

Joining GTR Alliance will ensure a higher level of both data security and
regulatory compliance. This strategic move is designed to keep us in alignment
with the Financial Action Task Force’s (FATF) Recommendation 16, a reporting
requirement also known as the Travel Rule, which is already being enforced
across various countries and is set to become the universal standard within
the coming years.

A well-regulated environment plays a vital role in protecting users,
dispelling unwarranted perceptions about crypto and driving the wider adoption
of crypto assets. As a trusted service provider in the digital asset
ecosystem, we are duty-bound to ensure that users' personal information is
secure and private. Our partnership with GTR represents a step forward in this
direction.

GTR aims to create a more secure and streamlined environment for companies to
navigate the FATF Travel Rule requirements by leveraging the following
features:

  * **Global** : The solution allows multi-regional coverage through a single platform.

  * **Secure** : The tool relies on secure encrypted channels to ensure that all personal data is kept safe.

  * **Seamless** : GTR only requires one-time integration to unlock superior interoperability between many digital-asset service providers.

Thanks to its extensive applicability, robust data protection mechanisms, and
streamlined integration, GTR provides an unparalleled level of efficiency and
security uniquely suited to global Virtual Asset Service Providers (VASPs)
like Binance. Industry players utilizing this solution form the GTR Alliance,
thus promoting interoperability and standardized compliance in the digital-
asset space.

## Data Security Tech

GTR's approach to data security is one of its strongest suits. In one of its
solutions, VASPs are provided with full control over their own decryption keys
and safeguards transaction validation by applying Keccak256 encryption to all
Personal Identifiable Information (PII). It transforms sensitive user data
into irreversible and unique identifiers while making sure plaintext PII
storage is eliminated. The transmission of such hashed information is carried
out using mutual transport layer security (mTLS) technology, thereby
strengthening the security framework with a zero-trust model.

Steve Christie, our Deputy Chief Compliance Officer, shared: "Joining the
Global Travel Rule Alliance is an exciting step forward in solidifying our
international compliance efforts. We're particularly enthusiastic about the
ability it gives us to consolidate our efforts globally, moving past the
challenge of fragmented regional integrations. This move doesn't just bring us
into alignment with FATF's global standards – it's about proactively providing
our extensive user base with the assurance that their data and transactions
are secure. This alliance amplifies the trust, security, and transparency that
our users can expect at Binance."

Joining forces with the GTR also allows us to work hand-in-hand with other
compliance-focused industry leaders, including CODE, Sygna, and Sumsub.
Together, we aim to enhance trust within the crypto ecosystem and address
collective compliance needs.

We extend a warm invitation to other VASPs and Travel Rule solution providers
to also join this pivotal mission. To find out more and register, do visit the
Global Travel Rule Alliance’s website directly at:
[_https://www.globaltravelrule.com/en/home_](https://www.globaltravelrule.com/en/home).

## Further Reading

  * [ _Steve Christie Announced as Binance Deputy Chief Compliance Officer_](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/leadership/steve-christie-announced-as-binance-deputy-chief-compliance-officer-8955435036564475832)

  * [ _Daily Life of Binance Data Protectors_](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/ecosystem/daily-life-of-binance-data-protectors-2342601912989565650)

  * [ _Binance Reaffirms Commitment to Robust Security With a Successful SOC 2 Audit_](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/ecosystem/binance-reaffirms-commitment-to-robust-security-with-a-successful-soc-2-audit-2965809949950603911)

194,957,859 users chose us. Find out why today.

Register Now

Like this post

###### Share Post

Article Outlines

Binance Joins the Global Travel Rule Alliance to Advance Interoperable
Compliance and Strengthen Security

Playing by the Travel Rule

Data Security Tech

Further Reading

194,957,859 users chose us. Find out why today.

Register Now

### Community

[](https://discord.gg/jE4wt8g2H2)[](https://www.binance.com/en/community)[](https://www.tiktok.com/@binance?lang=en)[](https://www.facebook.com/binance)[](https://twitter.com/binance)[](https://www.reddit.com/r/binance)[](https://www.instagram.com/Binance/)[](https://coinmarketcap.com/exchanges/binance/)[](https://www.youtube.com/binanceyoutube)[](https://www.binance.com/en/community)

English

English

العربية

العربية (البحرين)

български

Čeština

Dansk

Deutsch (Schweiz)

Ελληνικά

English (UAE)

English (Australia)

English (Bahrain)

English (India)

English (Japan)

English (Kazakhstan)

English (Nigeria)

English (New Zealand)

English (South Africa)

Español (España)

Español (Argentina)

Español (Latinoamérica)

Español (México)

Français

Français (Afrique)

magyar nyelv

Bahasa Indonesia

Italiano

日本語

Қазақша (Қазақстан)

Қазақша

ລາວ

latviešu valoda

Polski

Português

Português (Brasil)

Română

Русский

Русский (Казахстан)

Русский (Украина)

සිංහල

Slovenčina

Slovenščina

Svenska

Türkçe

Українська

Tiếng Việt

简体中文

繁體中文

USD-$

USD-$

AED-د.إ

ARS-ARS$

AUD-A$

BDT-৳

BGN-лв

BHD-.د.ب

BOB-$b

BRL-R$

CAD-C$

CHF-CHF

CNY-¥

COP-COL$

CZK-Kč

DKK-KR

EGP-E£

EUR-€

GBP-£

HKD-HKD

HRK-kn

HUF-Ft

IDR-Rp

INR-₹

JPY-¥

KES-KSh

KWD-ك.د

KZT-₸

MAD-م.د.

MNT-₮

MXN-Mex$

NZD-NZ$

OMR-ر.ع.

PEN-S/.

PHP-₱

PKR-₨

PLN-zł

QAR-ر.ق

RON-lei

RUB-₽

SAR-ر.س

SEK-kr

THB-฿

TRY-₺

TWD-NT$

UAH-₴

UGX-USh

VES-Bs

VND-₫

ZAR-R

Theme

English

USD

Theme

### About Us

  * [About](https://www.binance.com/en/about)
  * [Careers](https://www.binance.com/en/careers)
  * [Announcements](https://www.binance.com/en/support/announcement)
  * [News](https://www.binance.com/en/square/news/all)
  * [Press](https://www.binance.com/en/press)
  * [Legal](https://www.binance.com/en/legal/home)
  * [Terms](https://www.binance.com/en/terms)
  * [Privacy](https://www.binance.com/en/about-legal/privacy-portal)
  * [Building Trust](https://www.binance.com/en/land/building_trust)
  * [Blog](https://www.binance.com/en/blog)
  * [Community](https://www.binance.com/en/community)
  * [Sitemap](https://www.binance.com/en/country-region-selector)
  * [Risk Warning](https://www.binance.com/en/risk-warning)
  * [Notices](https://www.binance.com/en/support/list/notices)
  * [Downloads](https://www.binance.com/en/download)
  * [Desktop Application](https://www.binance.com/en/desktop-download)

### Products

  * [Exchange](https://www.binance.com/en/trade)
  * [Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/buy-sell-crypto)
  * [Leveraged Tokens](https://www.binance.com/en/leveraged-tokens/tokens/allTokens)
  * [TradingView](https://www.binance.com/en/land/tradingview)
  * [Pay](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/payment)
  * [Academy](https://academy.binance.com/en)
  * [Live](https://www.binance.com/en/live)
  * [Tax](https://www.binance.com/en/tax)
  * [Gift Card](https://www.binance.com/en/gift-card)
  * [Launchpad & Launchpool](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)
  * [Auto-Invest](https://www.binance.com/en/auto-invest)
  * [ETH Staking](https://www.binance.com/en/eth2)
  * [NFT](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/home)
  * [BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/bnb)
  * [BABT](https://www.binance.com/en/BABT?source=footer)
  * [Research](https://www.binance.com/en/research)
  * [Charity](https://www.binance.charity)

### Business

  * [P2P Merchant Application](https://c2c.binance.com/en/merchantApplication)
  * [P2Pro Merchant Application](https://p2p.binance.com/en/p2pro)
  * [Listing Application](https://www.binance.com/en/my/coin-apply)
  * [Institutional & VIP Services](https://www.binance.com/en/vip-institutional-services)
  * [Labs](https://labs.binance.com/)

### Learn

  * [Learn & Earn](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn)
  * [Browse Crypto Prices](https://www.binance.com/en/price)
  * [Bitcoin Price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/bitcoin)
  * [Ethereum Price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/ethereum)
  * [Browse Crypto Price Predictions](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction)
  * [Bitcoin Price Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction/bitcoin)
  * [Ethereum Price Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction/ethereum)
  * [Buy Bitcoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bitcoin)
  * [Buy BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bnb)
  * [Buy Ripple](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/xrp)
  * [Buy Dogecoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/dogecoin)
  * [Buy Ethereum](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/ethereum)
  * [Buy Tradable Altcoins](https://www.binance.com/en/altcoins/tradable)

### Service

  * [Affiliate](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/affiliate)
  * [Referral](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/referral?utm_source=Lite_web_footer)
  * [OTC Trading](https://www.binance.com/en/otc)
  * [Historical Market Data](https://www.binance.com/en/landing/data)
  * [Proof of Reserves](https://www.binance.com/en/proof-of-reserves)

### Support

  * [24/7 Chat Support](https://www.binance.com/en/chat?sourceEntry=4)
  * [Support Center](https://www.binance.com/en/support)
  * [Product Feedback & Suggestions](https://www.binance.com/en/my/user-support/feedback/entry)
  * [Fees](https://www.binance.com/en/fee/schedule)
  * [APIs](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-api)
  * [Binance Verify](https://www.binance.com/en/official-verification)
  * [Trading Rules](https://www.binance.com/en/trade-rule)
  * [Binance Airdrop Portal](https://www.binance.com/en/airdrop)
  * [Law Enforcement Requests](https://www.binance.com/en/support/law-enforcement)

Binance© 2024Cookie Preferences

