  * **Wallet**[**Mobile App** The world of Web3 in your pocket](/download)[**Browser Extension** An optimized Web3 experience for desktop](/browser-extension)
  * **Features**[**Swaps** Swap securely and seamlessly](/swap)[**Staking** Earn crypto rewards while securing networks](/staking)[**NFTs** Explore the world of NFTs](/nft)[**Security** Learn how we keep your assets & Web3 journey safe](/security)[**Buy Crypto** Buy crypto in under five minutes](/buy-crypto)[**SWIFT: Smart Contract Wallet** Explore Web3 easily with account abstraction features](/swift)
  * **Build**[**Developer Docs** Get guides for building powerful Web3 applications](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/)[**Wallet Core** Open-source, mobile-focused crypto wallet library](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/wallet-core)[**Submit dApp** Get your dApp in front of millions](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-dapps)[**Get assets listed** Elevate your asset’s exposure](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-assets)
  * **Support**[**FAQ** Get answers to your most pressing questions](https://community.trustwallet.com/c/helpcenter/8)[**Community Forum** Connect with our vibrant and diverse community](https://community.trustwallet.com/)[**Contact Us** Reach out for personalized support](https://support.trustwallet.com/en/support/home)
  * **About**[**About Us** Discover who we are and what drives us](/about-us)[**Careers** Join us in shaping the future of Web3](/careers)[**Press Kit** Download our official logo and other media assets](/press)[**Blog** Stay up-to-date on Web3 trends and insights](/blog)[**Terms of Service** What you need to know to use our services](/terms-of-service)[**Privacy Policy** Your privacy matters, learn how we protect it](/privacy-policy)

DarkLightLanguage

[Download Trust Wallet](/download)

[](/)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.4edbb099.svg)[**Mobile App** The world
of Web3 in your pocket](/download)[**Browser Extension** An optimized Web3
experience for desktop](/browser-extension)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.e7c57d68.svg)[**Swaps** Swap securely
and seamlessly](/swap)[**Staking** Earn crypto rewards while securing
networks](/staking)[**NFTs** Explore the world of NFTs](/nft)[**Security**
Learn how we keep your assets & Web3 journey safe](/security)[**Buy Crypto**
Buy crypto in under five minutes](/buy-crypto)[**SWIFT: Smart Contract
Wallet** Explore Web3 easily with account abstraction features](/swift)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.b373ab3f.svg)[**Developer Docs** Get
guides for building powerful Web3
applications](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/)[**Wallet Core**
Open-source, mobile-focused crypto wallet
library](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/wallet-core)[**Submit
dApp** Get your dApp in front of
millions](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-dapps)[**Get
assets listed** Elevate your asset’s
exposure](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-assets)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.1211abf0.svg)[**FAQ** Get answers to
your most pressing
questions](https://community.trustwallet.com/c/helpcenter/8)[**Community
Forum** Connect with our vibrant and diverse
community](https://community.trustwallet.com/)[**Contact Us** Reach out for
personalized support](https://support.trustwallet.com/en/support/home)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.9a6dd06f.svg)[**About Us** Discover who
we are and what drives us](/about-us)[**Careers** Join us in shaping the
future of Web3](/careers)[**Press Kit** Download our official logo and other
media assets](/press)[**Blog** Stay up-to-date on Web3 trends and
insights](/blog)[**Terms of Service** What you need to know to use our
services](/terms-of-service)[**Privacy Policy** Your privacy matters, learn
how we protect it](/privacy-policy)

[](/)

WalletFeaturesBuildSupportAbout

Language

[Download](/download)

[Home](/)  >  [Blog](/blog)  >
[Cryptocurrency](/blog?category=Cryptocurrency)  >  [Why Is Crypto Going
Up?](/blog/why-is-crypto-going-up)

##### Cryptocurrency

# Why Is Crypto Going Up?

Published on: Mar 11, 2024

##### Share post

[](https://facebook.com/trustwalletapp)[](https://github.com/trustwallet)[](https://instagram.com/trustwallet)[](https://twitter.com/trustwallet)[](https://discord.gg/trustwallet)[](https://reddit.com/r/trustapp)[](https://t.me/trustwallet)

  * **Market Sentiment and Investor Behavior**
  * **Bitcoin ETFs: Helping to Drive Mainstream Adoption**
  * **The Rise of Meme Coins and AI-Driven Cryptocurrencies**

##### In Brief

Explore why crypto prices are surging in 2024: ETF approvals, Bitcoin halving,
and investor sentiment driving the bull market. Learn more.

![Why Is Crypto Going Up?](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fwhy_crypto_going_up_36e4311053.png&w=3840&q=75)

Since 2023, the crypto market has experienced a steady recovery following a
crypto winter that began in late 2021 followed by worsened macroeconomic
conditions. So far, 2024 has been a busy year for crypto, with the price of
bitcoin rising to an all-time high of more than $70,000 USD.

The price of crypto assets has steadily risen for various reasons, including
the [approval of spot Bitcoin ETFs by the U.S. Securities and Exchange
Commission (SEC) in January this year](https://trustwallet.com/blog/bitcoin-
spot-etf-approval-a-milestone-for-crypto), and the upcoming Bitcoin halving,
which has historically been followed by a crypto bull market.

In this guide, we’ll examine the factors influencing the market to explain why
crypto is going up. However, this guide does not constitute investment advice
and is purely for informational purposes only.

Should you decide to explore in crypto, remember that you can buy, sell, swap,
and manage your crypto assets using Trust Wallet, a secure [crypto
wallet](https://trustwallet.com/blog/crypto-wallet) that supports 10M+ assets,
100+ blockchains, and allows you to access decentralized applications (dApps).

[![Download-Trust-Wallet-Button.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2FDownload_Trust_Wallet_Button_3b2b015a21.png&w=3840&q=75)](https://short.trustwallet.com/TW-
blog)

**Note:** _This article is written at a time when crypto prices are generally
increasing month-over-month. However, please note that crypto markets can be
volatile and prices can fluctuate up or down at any time. This article is for
informational purposes only and is not financial advice or an endorsement of
any crypto asset_.

## Market Sentiment and Investor Behavior

A key question in the minds of many people right now is: why is crypto going
up?

The crypto market has been experiencing very positive market sentiment.

Data from Alternative, a website that tracks the ‘emotions and sentiments’
around digital currencies, shows that the crypto market Fear and Greed Index
is in the ‘Extreme Greed’ zone at the time of writing.

Just last October, it was near the ‘Fear’ zone.

![why-crypto-going-up-1.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fwhy_crypto_going_up_1_4ba7768b85.png&w=3840&q=75)

With the [price of bitcoin](https://trustwallet.com/blog/bitcoin-price-
catalysts-beginners-guide) trading at over $70,000 on March 8, this rapid
surge has been influenced by increased interest from investors in Bitcoin Spot
ETFs. This has resulted in more money entering the BTC market and increasing
the price of bitcoin.

Besides the ETF inflows, BTC prices have also experienced a surge, given the
much-awaited [Bitcoin halving](https://trustwallet.com/blog/bitcoin-halving-
why-they-happen-and-why-you-should-care) event, which is estimated to happen
in April 2024. While opinions still vary, Bitcoin [halving
events](https://trustwallet.com/blog/bitcoin-halving-april-2024) have
historically been linked with price increases.

Ethereum (ETH), the second-largest crypto asset by market capitalization, has
also experienced a surge in its price to trade at over $3,800 since its last
highest level in January 2022. In an almost similar manner to the price of
bitcoin, ETH’s price rally is linked to its much-anticipated [Dencun
upgrade](https://trustwallet.com/blog/ethereum-dencun-upgrade-explained),
which is expected to happen in March 2024, among other factors.

Positive market sentiment plays a vital role in driving the demand for crypto.
When the market sentiment is bullish, investors are prone to buying crypto,
resulting in an upward price trajectory, which, in turn, forces more people to
start buying and propelling prices even higher. Much of that boils down to
fear of missing out and greed, two significant drivers of investor behavior.
On the contrary, when the prices of bitcoin and other crypto assets start to
decline, investors become fearful and panic sell, which causes the prices to
tumble.

Besides market sentiment and investor behavior, crypto news is another factor
that causes the price of crypto assets to rise. For instance, after the SEC
[approved spot Bitcoin ETFs](https://trustwallet.com/blog/bitcoin-spot-etf-
approval-a-milestone-for-crypto) in January 2024, major news outlets increased
coverage of crypto news, which resulted in the price of bitcoin and other
crypto assets soaring.

## Bitcoin ETFs: Helping to Drive Mainstream Adoption

**[Bitcoin ETFs](https://trustwallet.com/blog/understanding-bitcoin-etfs) are
regulated investment vehicles that enable investors of all kinds to get
exposure to the price movements of bitcoin without the need to hold BTC.**

Bitcoin ETFs help to bridge the gap between traditional finance and BTC in
several ways.

For instance, a Bitcoin ETF can help lower the entry barrier for non-native
BTC investors who aren’t familiar with bitcoin trading and holding but are
keen on investing in this cryptocurrency.

Moreover, Bitcoin ETFs can attract traditional investors who want a familiar
investment instrument that’s regulated. A surge in new traders can result in
increased cash inflows into the crypto space and crypto adoption, boosting
investor confidence and increasing the price of bitcoin.

Bitcoin ETFs have partly contributed to bitcoin’s price growth. Since their
approval early this year, Bitcoin ETFs have performed extremely well, with
inflows of funds breaking ETF records. According to data compiled by Eric
Balchunas, Bloomberg’s Senior ETF Analyst, the ten Bitcoin Spot ETFs generated
$10 billion in daily trading volumes this week, surpassing last week’s record.

![why-crypto-going-up-2.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fwhy_crypto_going_up_2_42e91048b8.png&w=3840&q=75)

Ark Invest and 21Shares' ARKB, BlackRock's IBIT, Bitwise's BITB, and
Fidelity's FBTC have all broken their personal volume records, with IBIT
surpassing its record by more than the other Bitcoin ETFs.

Although Bitcoin ETFs have been breaking records, it’s important to note that
nothing like this has ever happened in the cryptoasset space, as Bitcoin ETFs
are barely two months old. Ergo, such high trading volumes and inflows into
Bitcoin Spot ETFs might be causing people to speculate, which is driving the
record-high numbers.

## The Rise of Meme Coins and AI-Driven Cryptocurrencies

Meme coins and artificial intelligence (AI)-driven cryptocurrencies are other
reasons the crypto market is rising.

**A[ meme coin](https://trustwallet.com/blog/top-5-memecoins-2024) is a type
of cryptocurrency developed based on a trending meme with a comedic trait that
pays homage to internet culture to gain popularity and traction while [AI-
driven crypto](https://trustwallet.com/blog/top-ai-crypto-coins-explained)
coins are used to power blockchain platforms that have integrated artificial
intelligence.**

Meme coins like [Bonk](https://trustwallet.com/bonk-wallet) (BONK),
[Dogecoin](https://trustwallet.com/dogecoin-wallet) (DOGE),
[Pepe](https://trustwallet.com/pepe-wallet) (PEPE), [Shiba
Inu](https://trustwallet.com/shiba-inu-wallet) (SHIB), and
[Wen](https://trustwallet.com/wen-wallet) (WEN), among others, are created to
make crypto more fun, given their relatively low real-life utility.

AI crypto assets are currently getting more attention, given the boom in AI
technology. Both meme and AI-related coins manage to attract a lot of
attention from speculators.

Most investors who invest in meme and AI coins do so because they are keen on
cashing in and out of them at the right time. This allure of quick gains is
what draws investors to these digital assets.

![why-crypto-going-up-3.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fwhy_crypto_going_up_3_2b8ba6cefd.png&w=3840&q=75)

For instance, AI-themed cryptocurrencies have been growing in appeal, causing
a new wave of excitement. Their growing appeal is associated with the boom in
the AI market and the potential connection to popular companies like the
ChatGPT AI agent developer OpenAI and NVIDIA.

Meanwhile, Sam Altman, the CEO of OpenAI, is also the co-founder of [Worldcoin
(WLD)](https://trustwallet.com/blog/what-is-worldcoin-wld-a-beginners-guide),
a digital coin that merges AI, UBI, and blockchain technologies. NVIDIA, on
the other hand, provides solutions for the AI industry.

Although meme coins and AI tokens are quite appealing, investors need to
exercise caution when investing in them, just like they would with any
traditional crypto token.

### Conclusion

**The current increase in crypto prices, coupled with BTC hitting an all-time
high, has increased optimism in the market that the bull run might continue
this year.**

With factors such as positive market sentiment, Bitcoin ETFs, and the rise of
meme and AI coins driving up the price of crypto tokens, it remains to be seen
where the crypto markets will go over the coming weeks when the Bitcoin
halving event and Ethereum’s Dencun upgrade take place.

According to data on CoinMarketCap, the current crypto market capitalization
stands at $2.48 trillion. It’ll only be a matter of time before we can
establish whether the current market circumstances are a result of a bull trap
or a bull run.

Given the volatile nature of crypto assets, investors must remember to do
their own research before investing. This guide is only for informational
purposes and not an endorsement of any crypto project.

[![Download-Trust-Wallet-Button.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2FDownload_Trust_Wallet_Button_3b2b015a21.png&w=3840&q=75)](https://short.trustwallet.com/TW-
blog)

Join the Trust Wallet community on [Telegram](https://rebrand.ly/TW-Telegram-
Announcements) Follow us on [X (formerly Twitter)](https://rebrand.ly/TW-
Twitter-Blog) [Instagram](https://rebrand.ly/TW-Insta-Blog)
[Facebook](https://rebrand.ly/TW-FB-Blog) [Reddit](https://rebrand.ly/TW-
Reddit-Blog)

> **Note:** Any cited numbers, figures, or illustrations are reported at the
> time of writing, and are subject to change.

#### Simple and convenient to use, seamless to explore

[Download Trust Wallet](/download)

##### Stay Connected:

[](https://facebook.com/trustwalletapp)[](https://github.com/trustwallet)[](https://instagram.com/trustwallet)[](https://twitter.com/trustwallet)[](https://discord.gg/trustwallet)[](https://reddit.com/r/trustapp)[](https://t.me/trustwallet)

  * **Wallet**[Mobile App](/download)[Browser Extension](/browser-extension)
  * **Features**[Buy Crypto](/buy-crypto)[Swaps](/swap)[Staking](/staking)[NFTs](/nft)[Security](/security)[SWIFT: Smart Contract Wallet](/swift)
  * **Build**[Developer Docs](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/)[Wallet Core](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/wallet-core)[Submit dApp](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-dapps)[Get assets listed](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-assets)
  * **Support**[FAQ](https://community.trustwallet.com/c/helpcenter/8)[Community Forum](https://community.trustwallet.com/)[Contact Us](https://support.trustwallet.com/en/support/home)
  * **About**[About Us](/about-us)[Careers](/careers)[Press Kit](/press)[Terms of Service](/terms-of-service)[Privacy Policy](/privacy-policy)[Blog](/blog)
  * ![A-LIGN ISO 27701](/_next/static/media/image.8354ab2c.svg)![A-LIGN ISO 27001](/_next/static/media/image.7f0b3bc9.svg)

**Download Trust Wallet**

The most trusted & secure crypto wallet.

[Download for iOS](https://apps.apple.com/app/apple-
store/id1288339409?mt=8)[Download
Extension![Chrome](/_next/static/media/raw.7dd85797.svg)](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/trust-
wallet/egjidjbpglichdcondbcbdnbeeppgdph)[Download APK](/download/apk)[Download
for Android![App
Store](/_next/image?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Fimage.5ee64b2e.png&w=256&q=75)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.wallet.crypto.trustapp)

