Skip to main content

[](/en/)

  * Learn
  * Use
  * Build
  * Participate
  * Research

Search```K`

Languages EN

Change page

[Overview](/en/developers/docs/)

Foundational topics

[Intro to Ethereum](/en/developers/docs/intro-to-ethereum/)

[Intro to Ether](/en/developers/docs/intro-to-ether/)

[Intro to dapps](/en/developers/docs/dapps/)

[Web2 vs Web3](/en/developers/docs/web2-vs-web3/)

[Accounts](/en/developers/docs/accounts/)

[Transactions](/en/developers/docs/transactions/)

[Blocks](/en/developers/docs/blocks/)

[Ethereum virtual machine (EVM)](/en/developers/docs/evm/)

[Opcodes](/en/developers/docs/evm/opcodes/)

[Gas](/en/developers/docs/gas/)

[Nodes and clients](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/)

[Run a node](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/run-a-node/)

[Client diversity](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/client-diversity/)

[Nodes as a service](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/nodes-as-a-
service/)

[Node architecture](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/node-architecture/)

[Light clients](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/light-clients/)

[Archive nodes](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/archive-nodes/)

[Bootnodes](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/bootnodes/)

[Networks](/en/developers/docs/networks/)

[Consensus mechanisms](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/)

[Proof-of-work](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pow/)

[Mining](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pow/mining/)

[Mining algorithms](/en/developers/docs/consensus-
mechanisms/pow/mining/mining-algorithms/)

[Dagger-Hashimoto](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pow/mining/mining-
algorithms/dagger-hashimoto/)

[Ethash](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pow/mining/mining-
algorithms/ethash/)

[Proof-of-stake](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/)

[Gasper](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/gasper/)

[Weak subjectivity](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/weak-
subjectivity/)

[Attestations](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/attestations/)

[PoS rewards and penalties](/en/developers/docs/consensus-
mechanisms/pos/rewards-and-penalties/)

[PoS attack and defense](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/attack-
and-defense/)

[Keys](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/keys/)

[Proof-of-stake versus proof-of-work](/en/developers/docs/consensus-
mechanisms/pos/pos-vs-pow/)

[Block proposal](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/block-proposal/)

[Proof-of-stake FAQs](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/faqs/)

[Proof-of-authority](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/poa/)

Ethereum stack

[Intro to the stack](/en/developers/docs/ethereum-stack/)

[Smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/)

[Smart contract languages](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/languages/)

[Smart contract anatomy](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/anatomy/)

[Smart contracts libraries](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/libraries/)

[Testing smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/testing/)

[Compiling smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/compiling/)

[Deploying smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/deploying/)

[Verifying smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/verifying/)

[Upgrading smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/upgrading/)

[Smart contract security](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/security/)

[Smart contract formal verification](/en/developers/docs/smart-
contracts/formal-verification/)

[Composability](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/composability/)

[Development networks](/en/developers/docs/development-networks/)

[Development frameworks](/en/developers/docs/frameworks/)

Ethereum client APIs

[JavaScript APIs](/en/developers/docs/apis/javascript/)

[Backend APIs](/en/developers/docs/apis/backend/)

[JSON-RPC](/en/developers/docs/apis/json-rpc/)

[Data and analytics](/en/developers/docs/data-and-analytics/)

[Block explorers](/en/developers/docs/data-and-analytics/block-explorers/)

[Storage](/en/developers/docs/storage/)

[Integrated Development Environments (IDEs)](/en/developers/docs/ides/)

[Programming languages](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/)

[Dart](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/dart/)

[Delphi](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/delphi/)

[.NET](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/dot-net/)

[Golang](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/golang/)

[Java](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/java/)

[JavaScript](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/javascript/)

[Python](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/python/)

[Ruby](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/ruby/)

[Rust](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/rust/)

Advanced

[Bridges](/en/developers/docs/bridges/)

[Standards](/en/developers/docs/standards/)

[Token standards](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/)

[ERC-20: Fungible Tokens](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/erc-20/)

[ERC-721: NFTs](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/erc-721/)

[ERC-777](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/erc-777/)

[ERC-1155](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/erc-1155/)

[ERC-4626](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/erc-4626/)

[Maximal extractable value (MEV)](/en/developers/docs/mev/)

[Oracles](/en/developers/docs/oracles/)

[Scaling](/en/developers/docs/scaling/)

[Optimistic rollups](/en/developers/docs/scaling/optimistic-rollups/)

[Zero-knowledge rollups](/en/developers/docs/scaling/zk-rollups/)

[State channels](/en/developers/docs/scaling/state-channels/)

[Sidechains](/en/developers/docs/scaling/sidechains/)

[Plasma](/en/developers/docs/scaling/plasma/)

[Validium](/en/developers/docs/scaling/validium/)

[Data availability](/en/developers/docs/data-availability/)

[Networking layer](/en/developers/docs/networking-layer/)

[Network addresses](/en/developers/docs/networking-layer/network-addresses/)

[Portal Network](/en/developers/docs/networking-layer/portal-network/)

[Data structures and encoding](/en/developers/docs/data-structures-and-
encoding/)

[Patricia Merkle Trie](/en/developers/docs/data-structures-and-
encoding/patricia-merkle-trie/)

[Recursive-length prefix (RLP)](/en/developers/docs/data-structures-and-
encoding/rlp/)

[Simple serialize (SSZ)](/en/developers/docs/data-structures-and-
encoding/ssz/)

[Web3 secret storage definition](/en/developers/docs/data-structures-and-
encoding/web3-secret-storage/)

Design fundamentals

[Intro to design and UX](/en/developers/docs/design-and-ux/)

# Introduction to the Ethereum stack

n

Last edit: [@nhsz(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/nhsz), August 15,
2023

See contributors

On this page

  * Level 1: Ethereum Virtual Machine
  * Level 2: Smart contracts
  * Level 3: Ethereum nodes
  * Level 4: Ethereum client APIs
  * Level 5: End-user applications
  * Ready to choose your stack?
  * Further reading

Like any software stack, the complete "Ethereum stack" will vary from project
to project depending on your goals.

There are, however, core components of Ethereum that help provide a mental
model for how software applications interact with the Ethereum blockchain.
Understanding the layers of the stack will help you understand the different
ways that Ethereum can be integrated into software projects.

## Level 1: Ethereum Virtual Machine

The [Ethereum Virtual Machine (EVM)](/en/developers/docs/evm/) is the runtime
environment for smart contracts on Ethereum. All smart contracts and state
changes on the Ethereum blockchain are executed by
[transactions](/en/developers/docs/transactions/). The EVM handles all of the
transaction processing on the Ethereum network.

As with any virtual machine, the EVM creates a level of abstraction between
the executing code and the executing machine (an Ethereum node). Currently,
the EVM is running on thousands of nodes distributed across the world.

Under the hood, the EVM uses a set of opcode instructions to execute specific
tasks. These (140 unique) opcodes allow the EVM to be [Turing-complete(opens
in a new tab)](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Turing_completeness), which means
the EVM is able to compute just about anything, given enough resources.

As a dapp developer, you don't need to know much about the EVM other than it
exists and that it reliably powers all applications on Ethereum without
downtime.

## Level 2: Smart contracts

[Smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/) are the executable
programs that run on the Ethereum blockchain.

Smart contracts are written using specific [programming
languages](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/languages/) that compile to EVM
bytecode (low-level machine instructions called opcodes).

Not only do smart contracts serve as open source libraries, they are
essentially open API services that are always running and can't be taken down.
Smart contracts provide public functions which users and applications
([dapps](/en/developers/docs/dapps/)) may interact with, without needing
permission. Any application may integrate with deployed smart contracts to
compose functionality, such as adding [data
feeds](/en/developers/docs/oracles/) or to support token swaps. Additionally,
anyone can deploy new smart contracts to Ethereum in order to add custom
functionality to meet their application's needs.

As a dapp developer, you'll need to write smart contracts only if you want to
add custom functionality on the Ethereum blockchain. You may find you can
achieve most or all of your project's needs by merely integrating with
existing smart contracts, for instance if you want to support payments in
stablecoins or enable decentralized exchange of tokens.

## Level 3: Ethereum nodes

In order for an application to interact with the Ethereum blockchain, it must
connect to an [Ethereum node](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/).
Connecting to a node allows you to read blockchain data and/or send
transactions to the network.

Ethereum nodes are computers running software - an Ethereum client. A client
is an implementation of Ethereum that verifies all transactions in each block,
keeping the network secure and the data accurate. **Ethereum nodes are the
Ethereum blockchain**. They collectively store the state of the Ethereum
blockchain and reach consensus on transactions to mutate the blockchain state.

By connecting your application to an Ethereum node (via the [JSON-RPC
API](/en/developers/docs/apis/json-rpc/)), your application is able to read
data from the blockchain (such as user account balances) as well as broadcast
new transactions to the network (such as transferring ETH between user
accounts or executing functions of smart contracts).

## Level 4: Ethereum client APIs

Many convenience libraries (built and maintained by Ethereum's open source
community) allow your applications to connect to and communicate with the
Ethereum blockchain.

If your user-facing application is a web app, you may choose to `npm install`
a [JavaScript API](/en/developers/docs/apis/javascript/) directly in your
frontend. Or perhaps you'll choose to implement this functionality server-
side, using a [Python](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/python/) or
[Java](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/java/) API.

While these APIs are not a necessary piece of the stack, they abstract away
much of the complexity of interacting directly with an Ethereum node. They
also provide utility functions (e.g. converting ETH to Gwei) so as a developer
you can spend less time dealing with the intricacies of Ethereum clients and
more time focused on the functionality specific to your application.

## Level 5: End-user applications

At the top level of the stack are user-facing applications. These are the
standard applications you regularly use and build today: primarily web and
mobile apps.

The way you develop these user interfaces remains essentially unchanged. Often
users will not need to know the application they're using is built using a
blockchain.

## Ready to choose your stack?

Check out our guide to [set up a local development
environment](/en/developers/local-environment/) for your Ethereum application.

## Further reading

  * [The Architecture of a Web 3.0 application(opens in a new tab)](https://www.preethikasireddy.com/post/the-architecture-of-a-web-3-0-application) \- _Preethi Kasireddy_

 _Know of a community resource that helped you? Edit this page and add it!_

back-to-top ↑

### Was this article helpful?

YesNo

![👈](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f448.svg)

Previous

[Proof-of-authority](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/poa/)

![👉](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f449.svg)

Next

[Smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/)

  * [Edit page(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/ethereum/ethereum-org-website/tree/dev/public/content/developers/docs/ethereum-stack/index.md)
  * On this page

    * Level 1: Ethereum Virtual Machine
    * Level 2: Smart contracts
    * Level 3: Ethereum nodes
    * Level 4: Ethereum client APIs
    * Level 5: End-user applications
    * Ready to choose your stack?
    * Further reading

Website last updated: May 22, 2024

[(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/ethereum/ethereum-org-
website)[(opens in a new tab)](https://twitter.com/ethdotorg)[(opens in a new
tab)](https://discord.gg/ethereum-org)

### Learn

  * [Learn Hub](/en/learn/)
  * [What is Ethereum?](/en/what-is-ethereum/)
  * [What is ether (ETH)?](/en/eth/)
  * [Ethereum wallets](/en/wallets/)
  * [What is Web3?](/en/web3/)
  * [Smart contracts](/en/smart-contracts/)
  * [Gas fees](/en/gas/)
  * [Run a node](/en/run-a-node/)
  * [Ethereum security and scam prevention](/en/security/)
  * [Quiz Hub](/en/quizzes/)
  * [Ethereum glossary](/en/glossary/)

### Use

  * [Guides](/en/guides/)
  * [Choose your wallet](/en/wallets/find-wallet/)
  * [Get ETH](/en/get-eth/)
  * [Dapps - Decentralized applications](/en/dapps/)
  * [Stablecoins](/en/stablecoins/)
  * [NFTs - Non-fungible tokens](/en/nft/)
  * [DeFi - Decentralized finance](/en/defi/)
  * [DAOs - Decentralized autonomous organizations](/en/dao/)
  * [Decentralized identity](/en/decentralized-identity/)
  * [Stake ETH](/en/staking/)
  * [Layer 2](/en/layer-2/)

### Build

  * [Builder's home](/en/developers/)
  * [Tutorials](/en/developers/tutorials/)
  * [Documentation](/en/developers/docs/)
  * [Learn by coding](/en/developers/learning-tools/)
  * [Set up local environment](/en/developers/local-environment/)
  * [Grants](/en/community/grants/)
  * [Foundational topics](/en/developers/docs/intro-to-ethereum/)
  * [UX/UI design fundamentals](/en/developers/docs/design-and-ux/)
  * [Enterprise - Mainnet Ethereum](/en/enterprise/)
  * [Enterprise - Private Ethereum](/en/enterprise/private-ethereum/)

### Participate

  * [Community hub](/en/community/)
  * [Online communities](/en/community/online/)
  * [Ethereum events](/en/community/events/)
  * [Contributing to ethereum.org](/en/contributing/)
  * [Translation Program](/en/contributing/translation-program/)
  * [Ethereum bug bounty program](/en/bug-bounty/)
  * [Ethereum Foundation](/en/foundation/)
  * [Ethereum Foundation Blog(opens in a new tab)](https://blog.ethereum.org/)
  * [Ecosystem Support Program(opens in a new tab)](https://esp.ethereum.foundation)
  * [Devcon(opens in a new tab)](https://devcon.org/)

### Research

  * [Ethereum Whitepaper](/en/whitepaper/)
  * [Ethereum roadmap](/en/roadmap/)
  * [Improved security](/en/roadmap/security/)
  * [Technical history of Ethereum](/en/history/)
  * [Open research](/en/community/research/)
  * [Ethereum Improvement Proposals](/en/eips/)
  * [Ethereum governance](/en/governance/)

  * [About us](/en/about/)
  * [Ethereum brand assets](/en/assets/)
  * [Code of conduct](/en/community/code-of-conduct/)
  * [Jobs](/en/about/#open-jobs)
  * [Privacy policy](/en/privacy-policy/)
  * [Terms of use](/en/terms-of-use/)
  * [Cookie policy](/en/cookie-policy/)
  * [Press Contact(opens in a new tab)](mailto:press@ethereum.org)

Is this page helpful?

