  * **Wallet**[**Mobile App** The world of Web3 in your pocket](/download)[**Browser Extension** An optimized Web3 experience for desktop](/browser-extension)
  * **Features**[**Swaps** Swap securely and seamlessly](/swap)[**Staking** Earn crypto rewards while securing networks](/staking)[**NFTs** Explore the world of NFTs](/nft)[**Security** Learn how we keep your assets & Web3 journey safe](/security)[**Buy Crypto** Buy crypto in under five minutes](/buy-crypto)[**SWIFT: Smart Contract Wallet** Explore Web3 easily with account abstraction features](/swift)
  * **Build**[**Developer Docs** Get guides for building powerful Web3 applications](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/)[**Wallet Core** Open-source, mobile-focused crypto wallet library](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/wallet-core)[**Submit dApp** Get your dApp in front of millions](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-dapps)[**Get assets listed** Elevate your asset’s exposure](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-assets)
  * **Support**[**FAQ** Get answers to your most pressing questions](https://community.trustwallet.com/c/helpcenter/8)[**Community Forum** Connect with our vibrant and diverse community](https://community.trustwallet.com/)[**Contact Us** Reach out for personalized support](https://support.trustwallet.com/en/support/home)
  * **About**[**About Us** Discover who we are and what drives us](/about-us)[**Careers** Join us in shaping the future of Web3](/careers)[**Press Kit** Download our official logo and other media assets](/press)[**Blog** Stay up-to-date on Web3 trends and insights](/blog)[**Terms of Service** What you need to know to use our services](/terms-of-service)[**Privacy Policy** Your privacy matters, learn how we protect it](/privacy-policy)

DarkLightLanguage

[Download Trust Wallet](/download)

[](/)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.4edbb099.svg)[**Mobile App** The world
of Web3 in your pocket](/download)[**Browser Extension** An optimized Web3
experience for desktop](/browser-extension)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.e7c57d68.svg)[**Swaps** Swap securely
and seamlessly](/swap)[**Staking** Earn crypto rewards while securing
networks](/staking)[**NFTs** Explore the world of NFTs](/nft)[**Security**
Learn how we keep your assets & Web3 journey safe](/security)[**Buy Crypto**
Buy crypto in under five minutes](/buy-crypto)[**SWIFT: Smart Contract
Wallet** Explore Web3 easily with account abstraction features](/swift)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.b373ab3f.svg)[**Developer Docs** Get
guides for building powerful Web3
applications](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/)[**Wallet Core**
Open-source, mobile-focused crypto wallet
library](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/wallet-core)[**Submit
dApp** Get your dApp in front of
millions](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-dapps)[**Get
assets listed** Elevate your asset’s
exposure](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-assets)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.1211abf0.svg)[**FAQ** Get answers to
your most pressing
questions](https://community.trustwallet.com/c/helpcenter/8)[**Community
Forum** Connect with our vibrant and diverse
community](https://community.trustwallet.com/)[**Contact Us** Reach out for
personalized support](https://support.trustwallet.com/en/support/home)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.9a6dd06f.svg)[**About Us** Discover who
we are and what drives us](/about-us)[**Careers** Join us in shaping the
future of Web3](/careers)[**Press Kit** Download our official logo and other
media assets](/press)[**Blog** Stay up-to-date on Web3 trends and
insights](/blog)[**Terms of Service** What you need to know to use our
services](/terms-of-service)[**Privacy Policy** Your privacy matters, learn
how we protect it](/privacy-policy)

[](/)

WalletFeaturesBuildSupportAbout

Language

[Download](/download)

[Home](/)  >  [Blog](/blog)  >  [Blockchain](/blog?category=Blockchain)  >
[DEGEN Token on Base: Explained](/blog/degen-token-on-base-explained)

##### Blockchain

# DEGEN Token on Base: Explained

Published on: Apr 18, 2024

##### Share post

[](https://facebook.com/trustwalletapp)[](https://github.com/trustwallet)[](https://instagram.com/trustwallet)[](https://twitter.com/trustwallet)[](https://discord.gg/trustwallet)[](https://reddit.com/r/trustapp)[](https://t.me/trustwallet)

  * **What is DEGEN?**
  * **DEGEN Token Origins**
  * **Degen Tokenomics**
  * **DEGEN Potential Use Cases Within the Base Blockchain**
  * **How to Swap ETH (Base) for DEGEN Using Trust Wallet**

##### In Brief

Explore the origins of the DEGEN token on the Base blockchain. Learn about its
origins and potential use cases.

![DEGEN Token on Base: Explained](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fbase_degen_token_explained_f3ae8eca82.png&w=3840&q=75)

In the world of blockchain, knowing where a token comes from and what its
community aims to achieve is vital. The DEGEN token, on the Base blockchain,
has its roots in the Warpcast community. This article explores how DEGEN
started and what its community hopes to achieve within Base. Let's uncover the
story behind DEGEN and its potential role in the future.

[![Download-Trust-Wallet-Button.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2FDownload_Trust_Wallet_Button_3b2b015a21.png&w=3840&q=75)](https://short.trustwallet.com/TW-
blog)

## What is DEGEN?

DEGEN is a token built on the [Base
blockchain](https://trustwallet.com/blog/a-beginners-guide-to-the-base-
network). DEGEN is dubbed as the unofficial token created for the Farcaster
community, a decentralized social network. DEGEN embodies the spirit of
community-driven innovation within the blockchain space. Originally perceived
as a [base meme coin](https://trustwallet.com/blog/base-meme-coins), DEGEN has
evolved to attract a diverse community, including developers, cryptocurrency
content creators, and avid supporters.

### Before You Get Started

Before you explore [DEGEN](https://trustwallet.com/degen-wallet) in more
detail, it’s important to remember that you can buy, swap, send or receive
DEGEN using Trust Wallet.

You can [download Trust Wallet](https://trustwallet.com/download) as a mobile
app, or you can install the Trust Wallet Extension for your desktop browser.

![base-degen-token-explained-2.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fbase_degen_token_explained_2_48da2bc335.png&w=3840&q=75)

## DEGEN Token Origins

The Degen channel on Warpcast served as the foundation for the DEGEN token.
"Degen," a crypto slang term for those with a high-risk tolerance, perfectly
embodies the lighthearted and often humorous spirit of the channel. Fueled by
memes, inside jokes, and a shared passion for cryptocurrency, the degen
community decided to create their own token.

Initially introduced to reward participants in the Warpast degen channel,
DEGEN has become a cornerstone of the
[Farcaster](https://trustwallet.com/blog/an-introduction-to-farcaster-and-
warpcast) ecosystem. Farcaster, an open protocol on Optimism, boasts various
applications, with [Warpcast](https://trustwallet.com/blog/warpcast-vs-x)
emerging as the most popular. Warpcast resembles X (Twitter), enabling users
to post, follow others, and engage with content.

[DEGEN](https://trustwallet.com/degen-wallet) has revolutionized the Farcaster
landscape, introducing a points system where users earn tokens based on
engagement metrics. This innovative approach bridges the gap between online
contributions and real-world value.

## Degen Tokenomics

During its launch, 15% of the total token supply went to active members of
Warpcast’s degen channel. DEGEN’s tokenomics now include 70% of the total
supply through future airdrops, cementing its distribution strategy and
fostering engagement within the Farcaster ecosystem.

  * **Supply:** 37 billion tokens.

  * **Community:** 70%

  * **Liquidity pool:** 15%

  * **Ecosystem:** 15%

  * 1% inflation rate, set to begin in 2028.

![base-degen-token-explained-1.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fbase_degen_token_explained_1_c7899af0cb.png&w=3840&q=75)

## DEGEN Potential Use Cases Within the Base Blockchain

DEGEN's origins as a meme coin may seem lighthearted, but connection to the
Base blockchain opens doors to a surprising range of potential use cases.
Here's a breakdown of how DEGEN could be utilized within the Base ecosystem:

### Decentralized Finance (DeFi):

**Governance:** DEGEN holders could participate in shaping the future of DeFi
protocols built on Base. By voting on proposals related to fees, tokenomics,
and development initiatives, they can actively influence the DeFi landscape
within the Base ecosystem. **Earning opportunities:** DEGEN could be used for
staking or liquidity provision within DeFi platforms. This would allow users
to earn rewards for contributing to the smooth functioning of these financial
applications.

### Social Media Integration

**Community access:** DEGEN could serve as a membership token for exclusive
communities or platforms within the Base social media landscape. This could
grant access to premium features, governance rights, or participation in
specific communities.

### Gaming and the Metaverse

**In-game currency:** DEGEN could integrate into play-to-earn games built on
Base. Players could use DEGEN to purchase in-game items, access premium
features, or participate in exclusive events.

The potential use cases for [DEGEN](https://trustwallet.com/degen-wallet)
extend far beyond these initial examples. The creativity of the DEGEN
community and the evolving landscape of the Base blockchain could lead to
unforeseen applications. The specific functionalities of DEGEN will ultimately
depend on the community's roadmap and the direction they choose to take the
project.

Remember, since DEGEN is a relatively new project, there are limited publicly
available information about the community's specific goals. It's always best
to consult official sources from the DEGEN team or community for the most
accurate information.

## How to Swap ETH (Base) for DEGEN Using Trust Wallet

You will need to have [ETH](https://trustwallet.com/buy-crypto/ethereum) on
the [Base network](https://trustwallet.com/blog/a-beginners-guide-to-the-base-
network) in your wallet. You can deposit ETH (Base) from another wallet or
from a centralized exchange. Here’s how:

  * Select “Receive” from the home screen.

  * Search for your desired Base meme coin, and select it.

From here you have two options. You can either:

  1. Copy your deposit address and use that on your exchange account or other ETH (Base) wallet to send funds to.

  2. Use the “Deposit from exchange” option to deposit crypto seamlessly from your exchange account (if the asset is supported).

Once you have ETH (Base) in your wallet, here’s what you need to do:

  * Open the Trust Wallet app on your mobile phone.

  * Click “Swap” on the bottom left side of your screen.

  * Change the “From” network to Base and choose ETH (Base) as your token

  * Change the “To” network to Base and choose DEGEN (Base) as your token.

  * Enter the amount of ETH you would like to swap.

  * Click “Continue.”

![  base-degen-token-explained-3.gif](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fbase_degen_token_explained_3_6b0fd09646.gif&w=3840&q=75)

Remember that in addition to DEGEN, Trust Wallet lets you manage and interact
with 10M+ crypto assets across 100+ blockchains. Download the latest version
of Trust Wallet today.

[![Download-Trust-Wallet-Button.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2FDownload_Trust_Wallet_Button_3b2b015a21.png&w=3840&q=75)](https://short.trustwallet.com/TW-
blog)

Join the Trust Wallet community on [Telegram](https://rebrand.ly/TW-Telegram-
Announcements) Follow us on [X (formerly Twitter)](https://rebrand.ly/TW-
Twitter-Blog) [Instagram](https://rebrand.ly/TW-Insta-Blog)
[Facebook](https://rebrand.ly/TW-FB-Blog) [Reddit](https://rebrand.ly/TW-
Reddit-Blog) [Warpcast](https://warpcast.com/trustwalletapp)

> **Note:** Any cited numbers, figures, or illustrations are reported at the
> time of writing, and are subject to change.

#### Simple and convenient to use, seamless to explore

[Download Trust Wallet](/download)

##### Stay Connected:

[](https://facebook.com/trustwalletapp)[](https://github.com/trustwallet)[](https://instagram.com/trustwallet)[](https://twitter.com/trustwallet)[](https://discord.gg/trustwallet)[](https://reddit.com/r/trustapp)[](https://t.me/trustwallet)

  * **Wallet**[Mobile App](/download)[Browser Extension](/browser-extension)
  * **Features**[Buy Crypto](/buy-crypto)[Swaps](/swap)[Staking](/staking)[NFTs](/nft)[Security](/security)[SWIFT: Smart Contract Wallet](/swift)
  * **Build**[Developer Docs](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/)[Wallet Core](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/wallet-core)[Submit dApp](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-dapps)[Get assets listed](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-assets)
  * **Support**[FAQ](https://community.trustwallet.com/c/helpcenter/8)[Community Forum](https://community.trustwallet.com/)[Contact Us](https://support.trustwallet.com/en/support/home)
  * **About**[About Us](/about-us)[Careers](/careers)[Press Kit](/press)[Terms of Service](/terms-of-service)[Privacy Policy](/privacy-policy)[Blog](/blog)
  * ![A-LIGN ISO 27701](/_next/static/media/image.8354ab2c.svg)![A-LIGN ISO 27001](/_next/static/media/image.7f0b3bc9.svg)

**Download Trust Wallet**

The most trusted & secure crypto wallet.

[Download for iOS](https://apps.apple.com/app/apple-
store/id1288339409?mt=8)[Download
Extension![Chrome](/_next/static/media/raw.7dd85797.svg)](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/trust-
wallet/egjidjbpglichdcondbcbdnbeeppgdph)[Download APK](/download/apk)[Download
for Android![App
Store](/_next/image?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Fimage.5ee64b2e.png&w=256&q=75)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.wallet.crypto.trustapp)

