Skip to main content

[](/en/)

  * Learn
  * Use
  * Build
  * Participate
  * Research

Search```K`

Languages EN

Change page

[Overview](/en/developers/docs/)

Foundational topics

[Intro to Ethereum](/en/developers/docs/intro-to-ethereum/)

[Intro to Ether](/en/developers/docs/intro-to-ether/)

[Intro to dapps](/en/developers/docs/dapps/)

[Web2 vs Web3](/en/developers/docs/web2-vs-web3/)

[Accounts](/en/developers/docs/accounts/)

[Transactions](/en/developers/docs/transactions/)

[Blocks](/en/developers/docs/blocks/)

[Ethereum virtual machine (EVM)](/en/developers/docs/evm/)

[Opcodes](/en/developers/docs/evm/opcodes/)

[Gas](/en/developers/docs/gas/)

[Nodes and clients](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/)

[Run a node](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/run-a-node/)

[Client diversity](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/client-diversity/)

[Nodes as a service](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/nodes-as-a-
service/)

[Node architecture](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/node-architecture/)

[Light clients](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/light-clients/)

[Archive nodes](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/archive-nodes/)

[Bootnodes](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/bootnodes/)

[Networks](/en/developers/docs/networks/)

[Consensus mechanisms](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/)

[Proof-of-work](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pow/)

[Mining](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pow/mining/)

[Mining algorithms](/en/developers/docs/consensus-
mechanisms/pow/mining/mining-algorithms/)

[Dagger-Hashimoto](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pow/mining/mining-
algorithms/dagger-hashimoto/)

[Ethash](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pow/mining/mining-
algorithms/ethash/)

[Proof-of-stake](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/)

[Gasper](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/gasper/)

[Weak subjectivity](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/weak-
subjectivity/)

[Attestations](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/attestations/)

[PoS rewards and penalties](/en/developers/docs/consensus-
mechanisms/pos/rewards-and-penalties/)

[PoS attack and defense](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/attack-
and-defense/)

[Keys](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/keys/)

[Proof-of-stake versus proof-of-work](/en/developers/docs/consensus-
mechanisms/pos/pos-vs-pow/)

[Block proposal](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/block-proposal/)

[Proof-of-stake FAQs](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/faqs/)

[Proof-of-authority](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/poa/)

Ethereum stack

[Intro to the stack](/en/developers/docs/ethereum-stack/)

[Smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/)

[Smart contract languages](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/languages/)

[Smart contract anatomy](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/anatomy/)

[Smart contracts libraries](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/libraries/)

[Testing smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/testing/)

[Compiling smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/compiling/)

[Deploying smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/deploying/)

[Verifying smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/verifying/)

[Upgrading smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/upgrading/)

[Smart contract security](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/security/)

[Smart contract formal verification](/en/developers/docs/smart-
contracts/formal-verification/)

[Composability](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/composability/)

[Development networks](/en/developers/docs/development-networks/)

[Development frameworks](/en/developers/docs/frameworks/)

Ethereum client APIs

[JavaScript APIs](/en/developers/docs/apis/javascript/)

[Backend APIs](/en/developers/docs/apis/backend/)

[JSON-RPC](/en/developers/docs/apis/json-rpc/)

[Data and analytics](/en/developers/docs/data-and-analytics/)

[Block explorers](/en/developers/docs/data-and-analytics/block-explorers/)

[Storage](/en/developers/docs/storage/)

[Integrated Development Environments (IDEs)](/en/developers/docs/ides/)

[Programming languages](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/)

[Dart](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/dart/)

[Delphi](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/delphi/)

[.NET](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/dot-net/)

[Golang](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/golang/)

[Java](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/java/)

[JavaScript](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/javascript/)

[Python](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/python/)

[Ruby](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/ruby/)

[Rust](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/rust/)

Advanced

[Bridges](/en/developers/docs/bridges/)

[Standards](/en/developers/docs/standards/)

[Token standards](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/)

[ERC-20: Fungible Tokens](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/erc-20/)

[ERC-721: NFTs](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/erc-721/)

[ERC-777](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/erc-777/)

[ERC-1155](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/erc-1155/)

[ERC-4626](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/erc-4626/)

[Maximal extractable value (MEV)](/en/developers/docs/mev/)

[Oracles](/en/developers/docs/oracles/)

[Scaling](/en/developers/docs/scaling/)

[Optimistic rollups](/en/developers/docs/scaling/optimistic-rollups/)

[Zero-knowledge rollups](/en/developers/docs/scaling/zk-rollups/)

[State channels](/en/developers/docs/scaling/state-channels/)

[Sidechains](/en/developers/docs/scaling/sidechains/)

[Plasma](/en/developers/docs/scaling/plasma/)

[Validium](/en/developers/docs/scaling/validium/)

[Data availability](/en/developers/docs/data-availability/)

[Networking layer](/en/developers/docs/networking-layer/)

[Network addresses](/en/developers/docs/networking-layer/network-addresses/)

[Portal Network](/en/developers/docs/networking-layer/portal-network/)

[Data structures and encoding](/en/developers/docs/data-structures-and-
encoding/)

[Patricia Merkle Trie](/en/developers/docs/data-structures-and-
encoding/patricia-merkle-trie/)

[Recursive-length prefix (RLP)](/en/developers/docs/data-structures-and-
encoding/rlp/)

[Simple serialize (SSZ)](/en/developers/docs/data-structures-and-
encoding/ssz/)

[Web3 secret storage definition](/en/developers/docs/data-structures-and-
encoding/web3-secret-storage/)

Design fundamentals

[Intro to design and UX](/en/developers/docs/design-and-ux/)

# Introduction to dapps

w

Last edit: [@wackerow(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/wackerow), April
23, 2024

See contributors

On this page

  * Prerequisites
  * Definition of a dapp
    * On smart contracts
  * Benefits of dapp development
  * Drawbacks of dapp development
  * More of a visual learner?
  * Tools for creating dapps
  * Further reading
  * Related Topics

A decentralized application (dapp) is an application built on a decentralized
network that combines a [smart contract](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/)
and a frontend user interface. On Ethereum, smart contracts are accessible and
transparent – like open APIs – so your dapp can even include a smart contract
that someone else has written.

## Prerequisites

Before learning about dapps, you should cover the [blockchain
basics](/en/developers/docs/intro-to-ethereum/) and read about the Ethereum
network and how it's decentralized.

## Definition of a dapp

A dapp has its backend code running on a decentralized peer-to-peer network.
Contrast this with an app where the backend code is running on centralized
servers.

A dapp can have frontend code and user interfaces written in any language
(just like an app) to make calls to its backend. Furthermore, its frontend can
get hosted on decentralized storage such as [IPFS(opens in a new
tab)](https://ipfs.io/).

  * **Decentralized** \- dapps operate on Ethereum, an open public decentralized platform where no one person or group has control
  * **Deterministic** \- dapps perform the same function irrespective of the environment in which they get executed
  * **Turing complete** \- dapps can perform any action given the required resources
  * **Isolated** \- dapps are executed in a virtual environment known as Ethereum Virtual Machine so that if the smart contract has a bug, it won’t hamper the normal functioning of the blockchain network

### On smart contracts

To introduce dapps, we need to introduce smart contracts – a dapp's backend
for lack of a better term. For a detailed overview, head to our section on
[smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/).

A smart contract is code that lives on the Ethereum blockchain and runs
exactly as programmed. Once smart contracts are deployed on the network you
can't change them. Dapps can be decentralized because they are controlled by
the logic written into the contract, not an individual or company. This also
means you need to design your contracts very carefully and test them
thoroughly.

## Benefits of dapp development

  * **Zero downtime** – Once the smart contract is deployed on the blockchain, the network as a whole will always be able to serve clients looking to interact with the contract. Malicious actors, therefore, cannot launch denial-of-service attacks targeted towards individual dapps.
  * **Privacy** – You don’t need to provide real-world identity to deploy or interact with a dapp.
  * **Resistance to censorship** – No single entity on the network can block users from submitting transactions, deploying dapps, or reading data from the blockchain.
  * **Complete data integrity** – Data stored on the blockchain is immutable and indisputable, thanks to cryptographic primitives. Malicious actors cannot forge transactions or other data that has already been made public.
  * **Trustless computation/verifiable behavior** – Smart contracts can be analyzed and are guaranteed to execute in predictable ways, without the need to trust a central authority. This is not true in traditional models; for example, when we use online banking systems, we must trust that financial institutions will not misuse our financial data, tamper with records, or get hacked.

## Drawbacks of dapp development

  * **Maintenance** – Dapps can be harder to maintain because the code and data published to the blockchain are harder to modify. It’s hard for developers to make updates to their dapps (or the underlying data stored by a dapp) once they are deployed, even if bugs or security risks are identified in an old version.
  * **Performance overhead** – There is a huge performance overhead, and scaling is really hard. To achieve the level of security, integrity, transparency, and reliability that Ethereum aspires to, every node runs and stores every transaction. On top of this, proof-of-stake consensus takes time as well.
  * **Network congestion** – When one dapp uses too many computational resources, the entire network gets backed up. Currently, the network can only process about 10-15 transactions per second; if transactions are being sent in faster than this, the pool of unconfirmed transactions can quickly balloon.
  * **User experience** – It may be harder to engineer user-friendly experiences because the average end-user might find it too difficult to set up a tool stack necessary to interact with the blockchain in a truly secure fashion.
  * **Centralization** – User-friendly and developer-friendly solutions built on top of the base layer of Ethereum might end up looking like centralized services anyways. For example, such services may store keys or other sensitive information server-side, serve a frontend using a centralized server, or run important business logic on a centralized server before writing to the blockchain. Centralization eliminates many (if not all) of the advantages of blockchain over the traditional model.

## More of a visual learner?

## Tools for creating dapps

**Scaffold-ETH _\- Quickly experiment with Solidity using a frontend that
adapts to your smart contract._**

  * [GitHub(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/scaffold-eth/scaffold-eth-2)
  * [Example dapp(opens in a new tab)](https://punkwallet.io/)

**Create Eth App _\- Create Ethereum-powered apps with one command._**

  * [GitHub(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/paulrberg/create-eth-app)

**One Click Dapp _\- FOSS tool for generating dapp frontends from an _ABI_._**

  * [oneclickdapp.com(opens in a new tab)](https://oneclickdapp.com)
  * [GitHub(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/oneclickdapp/oneclickdapp-v1)

**Etherflow _\- FOSS tool for Ethereum developers to test their node, and
compose & debug RPC calls from the browser._**

  * [etherflow.quiknode.io(opens in a new tab)](https://etherflow.quiknode.io/)
  * [GitHub(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/abunsen/etherflow)

**thirdweb _\- SDKs in every language, smart contracts, tools, and
infrastructure for web3 development._**

  * [Homepage(opens in a new tab)](https://thirdweb.com/)
  * [Documentation(opens in a new tab)](https://portal.thirdweb.com/)
  * [GitHub(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/thirdweb-dev/)

**Crossmint _\- Enterprise-grade web3 development platform to deploy smart
contracts, enable credit-card and cross chain payments, and use APIs to
create, distribute, sell, store, and edit NFTs._**

  * [crossmint.com(opens in a new tab)](https://www.crossmint.com)
  * [Documentation(opens in a new tab)](https://docs.crossmint.com)
  * [Discord(opens in a new tab)](https://discord.com/invite/crossmint)

## Further reading

  * [Explore dapps](/en/dapps/)
  * [The Architecture of a Web 3.0 application(opens in a new tab)](https://www.preethikasireddy.com/post/the-architecture-of-a-web-3-0-application) \- _Preethi Kasireddy_
  * [A 2021 guide to decentralized applications(opens in a new tab)](https://limechain.tech/blog/what-are-dapps-the-2021-guide/) \- _LimeChain_
  * [What Are Decentralized Apps?(opens in a new tab)](https://www.gemini.com/cryptopedia/decentralized-applications-defi-dapps) \- _Gemini_
  * [Popular dapps(opens in a new tab)](https://www.alchemy.com/dapps) \- _Alchemy_

 _Know of a community resource that helped you? Edit this page and add it!_

## Related Topics

  * [Introduction to the Ethereum stack](/en/developers/docs/ethereum-stack/)
  * [Development frameworks](/en/developers/docs/frameworks/)

back-to-top ↑

### Was this article helpful?

YesNo

![👈](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f448.svg)

Previous

[Intro to Ether](/en/developers/docs/intro-to-ether/)

![👉](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f449.svg)

Next

[Web2 vs Web3](/en/developers/docs/web2-vs-web3/)

  * [Edit page(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/ethereum/ethereum-org-website/tree/dev/public/content/developers/docs/dapps/index.md)
  * On this page

    * Prerequisites
    * Definition of a dapp
      * On smart contracts
    * Benefits of dapp development
    * Drawbacks of dapp development
    * More of a visual learner?
    * Tools for creating dapps
    * Further reading
    * Related Topics

Website last updated: May 22, 2024

[(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/ethereum/ethereum-org-
website)[(opens in a new tab)](https://twitter.com/ethdotorg)[(opens in a new
tab)](https://discord.gg/ethereum-org)

### Learn

  * [Learn Hub](/en/learn/)
  * [What is Ethereum?](/en/what-is-ethereum/)
  * [What is ether (ETH)?](/en/eth/)
  * [Ethereum wallets](/en/wallets/)
  * [What is Web3?](/en/web3/)
  * [Smart contracts](/en/smart-contracts/)
  * [Gas fees](/en/gas/)
  * [Run a node](/en/run-a-node/)
  * [Ethereum security and scam prevention](/en/security/)
  * [Quiz Hub](/en/quizzes/)
  * [Ethereum glossary](/en/glossary/)

### Use

  * [Guides](/en/guides/)
  * [Choose your wallet](/en/wallets/find-wallet/)
  * [Get ETH](/en/get-eth/)
  * [Dapps - Decentralized applications](/en/dapps/)
  * [Stablecoins](/en/stablecoins/)
  * [NFTs - Non-fungible tokens](/en/nft/)
  * [DeFi - Decentralized finance](/en/defi/)
  * [DAOs - Decentralized autonomous organizations](/en/dao/)
  * [Decentralized identity](/en/decentralized-identity/)
  * [Stake ETH](/en/staking/)
  * [Layer 2](/en/layer-2/)

### Build

  * [Builder's home](/en/developers/)
  * [Tutorials](/en/developers/tutorials/)
  * [Documentation](/en/developers/docs/)
  * [Learn by coding](/en/developers/learning-tools/)
  * [Set up local environment](/en/developers/local-environment/)
  * [Grants](/en/community/grants/)
  * [Foundational topics](/en/developers/docs/intro-to-ethereum/)
  * [UX/UI design fundamentals](/en/developers/docs/design-and-ux/)
  * [Enterprise - Mainnet Ethereum](/en/enterprise/)
  * [Enterprise - Private Ethereum](/en/enterprise/private-ethereum/)

### Participate

  * [Community hub](/en/community/)
  * [Online communities](/en/community/online/)
  * [Ethereum events](/en/community/events/)
  * [Contributing to ethereum.org](/en/contributing/)
  * [Translation Program](/en/contributing/translation-program/)
  * [Ethereum bug bounty program](/en/bug-bounty/)
  * [Ethereum Foundation](/en/foundation/)
  * [Ethereum Foundation Blog(opens in a new tab)](https://blog.ethereum.org/)
  * [Ecosystem Support Program(opens in a new tab)](https://esp.ethereum.foundation)
  * [Devcon(opens in a new tab)](https://devcon.org/)

### Research

  * [Ethereum Whitepaper](/en/whitepaper/)
  * [Ethereum roadmap](/en/roadmap/)
  * [Improved security](/en/roadmap/security/)
  * [Technical history of Ethereum](/en/history/)
  * [Open research](/en/community/research/)
  * [Ethereum Improvement Proposals](/en/eips/)
  * [Ethereum governance](/en/governance/)

  * [About us](/en/about/)
  * [Ethereum brand assets](/en/assets/)
  * [Code of conduct](/en/community/code-of-conduct/)
  * [Jobs](/en/about/#open-jobs)
  * [Privacy policy](/en/privacy-policy/)
  * [Terms of use](/en/terms-of-use/)
  * [Cookie policy](/en/cookie-policy/)
  * [Press Contact(opens in a new tab)](mailto:press@ethereum.org)

Is this page helpful?

### Application Binary Interface (ABI)

A JSON file that defines the functions and variables included in a smart
contract. The ABI allows bytecode to be mapped into human-readable formats.

