[![Solflare](/assets/logo-icon-white.406a80a7..svg)
![Solflare](/assets/solflare-logo-white.c53d256d..svg)](/)

  * [MetaMask Snap](/metamask)
  * [Academy](//academy.solflare.com)
  * [Support](https://academy.solflare.com/guides/?get_help=true)

[Access wallet](/access)

Solana Snap

# Explore Solana with  
 _MetaMask Snaps_

Get the Solana Snap and enter a parallel crypto universe with warp-speed
transactions and subatomic gas fees. Store Solana-based tokens & NFTs, access
Solana apps, and much more!

[Get Started](/onboard/metamask)

![](/assets/blue.76fc3a45..png)

![](/assets/shape-orange.557de308..svg)

![notifications](/assets/lottie-img.ae483746..png)

![](/assets/gradients1.48d09bd7..png)

## Enter the _Solana universe_

Enjoy Solana from the safety of your MetaMask wallet. Boost your funds and
enrich your collections.

![Store tokens and collect NFT on Solana](/assets/store-tokens-and-collect-
nfts.1bd382a4..png)

### Store tokens and collect NFTs on Solana

![Connect to Solana apps](/assets/connect-to-solana-apps.86a34dad..png)

### Connect to Solana apps

![Bridge your assets seamlessly to Solana](/assets/bridge-your-assets-to-
solana.ba6721e1..png)

### Bridge your assets seamlessly to Solana

## Solana _universe 101_

We created the Solana Snap so you can explore Solana safely and easily. It's
like a superpower you give to your MetaMask to make it even more awesome.

![Solana universe 101](/assets/thumbnail-poster.d23c0e48..png)

![](/assets/gradients1.48d09bd7..png)

![](/assets/gradients1.48d09bd7..png)

## The safest way to _explore Solana_

Solflare is a secure and powerful wallet serving the Solana community for over
3 years.

![Over $2 billion in SOL is staked through Solflare](/assets/Over-2billion-in-
SOL-is-staked-through-Solflare.1ce9947d..png)

### Over $2 billion in SOL is staked through Solflare

![The very first wallet on Solana](/assets/The-very-first-wallet-on-
Solana.9b2884a4..png)

### The very first wallet on Solana

![Solflare is available on iOS, Android, and Chrome.](/assets/Solflare-is-
available-on-iOS-Android-Chrome.f12a8d6e..png)

### Solflare is available on iOS, Android, and Chrome

![](/assets/blue.76fc3a45..png)

![](/assets/gradients3.06b52bed..png)

## FAQ

Here youâll find some frequently asked questions. If you still need help,
feel free to reach us.

Weâve always got your back.

[Start Chat](https://academy.solflare.com/guides/?get_help=true)

  * What is the Solana Snap and how does it differ from Metamask?

The Solana Snap acts as an extension of your MetaMask wallet, enhancing it
with Solana-specific functionalities. While MetaMask is tailored for Ethereum
and its related networks, installing the Solana Snap allows you to hold SOL,
manage Solana tokens and NFTs, and connect to Solana's vibrant ecosystem of
apps.

  * Why should I use the Solana Snap with my MetaMask wallet?

Solana Snap seamlessly integrates MetaMask with the Solana ecosystem, allowing
for the storage of SOL and other Solana-based assets. This extension
eliminates the need for multiple wallets and lets you tap into Solana's
benefits like rapid transaction speeds, near-zero costs, and a vast array of
assets and apps, all within the trusted environment of your MetaMask wallet.

  * How does the Solana Snap work?

Snaps are open-source extensions designed to securely extend the functionality
of MetaMask, allowing for the creation of new web3 end-user experiences.
Specifically, a snap is a JavaScript program that runs in an isolated
environment, customizing the wallet experience. The Solana Snap, in
particular, unveils Solana-specific features such as key derivation, encoding,
and the signing of transactions in alignment with Solanaâs established
standards.

  * How do I enable the Solana Snap?

To enable the Solana Snap, visit the Solflare MetaMask landing page or connect
to MetaMask within any Solana dApp. By doing so, you'll be prompted to install
the Snap as a plugin to your existing MetaMask wallet. Once activated, your
MetaMask will be equipped to interact with the Solana blockchain, allowing you
to bridge your EVM assets to native SOL and explore everything Solana has to
offer.

  * Is the Solana Snap free to use?

Yes, the Solana Snap is free to use. While it offers seamless integration of
Solana features into your MetaMask wallet, users only need to cover the near
zero cost Solana network fees for transactions on the blockchain.

  * How can I bridge my assets to Solana?

Itâs super easy because itâs right within Solflare. You pick assets you
want to bridge, input the amount, review and confirm - and you have some
assets ready on Solana. Our in-app bridge is powered by DLN. You can read more
about it here.

  * Which blockchain networks are supported by the bridge?

You can bridge from Ethereum, Polygon, Binance Smart Chain, Arbitrum and
Avalanche to Solana. You can also seamlessly bridge back from Solana to all of
the above networks.

  * Where can I swap SPL tokens?

After bridging your EVM assets and obtaining SOL or USDC, you can directly
swap them to any Solana asset using the Solflare interface.

  * How do I approve Solana transactions?

All transactions are signed within your MetaMask approval window, with an
added layer of simulations provided by Solflare to give you a clearer
understanding of the transaction outcome. The Solana Snap empowers your
MetaMask to sign for Solana-specific applications while maintaining the
familiar approval process you're accustomed to.

  * Can I view and manage my Solana assets within Metamask after installing the Solana Snap?

While you wonât be able to view and manage your Solana assets stored in
MetaMask directly in Metamask, you can use the Solflare interface, a widget
embedded within each Solana app you connect with. You can connect your
Metamask wallet on solflare.com where youâll enjoy a full-screen experience
to view and manage your assets.

  * Where can I view and manage my Solana NFTs?

Once you've activated the Solana Snap, your Solana NFTs can be viewed through
the Solflare widget, which is embedded within any Solana dapp you connect to.
For a detailed view and management options, visit solflare.com. You also have
the option to list your NFTs for sale or instantly sell them to the highest
bidder from within Solflare.

  * Can I send my Solana assets to my MetaMask address?

While the Solana Snap enhances your Metamask wallet's capabilities to interact
with the Solana ecosystem, it's important to note that your MetaMask EVM
address and your Solana-based assets operate on separate blockchains. Even if
you would try to send Solana-based assets to your MetaMask EVM address,
Solflare has integrated failsafes preventing such transactions. However, you
should always ensure you have the appropriate wallet addresses for each
blockchain when conducting transactions.

  * How does Solflare enhance security for the Solana Snap?

Solflare prioritizes user security in several ways. Before you confirm any
transaction, Solflare provides a simulation to preview the outcome to keep you
safe.

It's proactive in identifying and alerting you about suspicious activities,
whether from potentially malicious sites or questionable NFTs. As each
transaction mandates your explicit approval, youâre always in complete
control. Finally, Solflare's regular updates ensure you're safeguarded against
the latest vulnerabilities.

  * Did the Solana snap pass any security audits?

Yes, it has been audited by both Halborn and MetaMaskâs internal audit team.

  * Is my private key or recovery phrase exposed when using the Solana Snap?

No, your private key and recovery phrase are safeguarded within your MetaMask
wallet. The Solana Snap doesn't have access to them. It operates like a dapp,
merely requesting signatures from MetaMask. This means it extends your
wallet's capabilities without compromising the security of your private
details.

  * Can I access all Solana apps?

The Solana snap allows you to seamlessly connect to all Solana-based
applications that support Solflare and enjoy the benefits of the Solana
ecosystem's speed and efficiency.

  * Are gas fees on Solana expensive?

Solana operates with extremely low transaction fees. Transactions on Solana
are known for being near-instant and near-free (just a tiny fraction of a
cent) making them stand out compared to many EVM chains. Notably, there is no
gas management in Solana. Instead, transaction costs are mainly determined by
the complexity of the transaction, not by the state of the network.

  * I want to use Solflare directly. How can I access my Solana Snap wallets?

If you're seeking a native Solana experience without the intermediary step of
signing through MetaMask, Solflare offers the best user experience. By
importing your MetaMask recovery phrase into the Solflare extension or the
Solflare mobile app, you can directly access the same wallets you have on the
Solana Snap. This provides you with a seamless transition and elevates your
Solana experience. However, should you prefer starting fresh, you have the
option to create a new recovery phrase within Solflare.

  * Read more

[![Solflare](/assets/solflare-logo-white.c53d256d..svg)](/)

Copyright Â©2024  Solflare

Products

  * [Solflare wallet](/)
  * [Rise wallet](https://risewallet.io/)
  * [Elli wallet](https://elliwallet.com/)

Resources

  * [Docs](https://docs.solflare.com/solflare/)
  * [Academy](//academy.solflare.com)

Social

  * [Twitter](https://twitter.com/solflare_wallet)
  * [YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCFgH2FSi360EngaSr5056cQ)

Contact us

Still have questions?  
Want to just say hello?

[Get in touch](https://academy.solflare.com/guides/?get_help=true)

[![Solflare](/assets/logo-icon-white.406a80a7..svg)](/)

Copyright Â©2024  Solflare

