This website uses cookies to offer you a better browsing experience. Find out
more on how we use cookies.

Opt-out[Details](/privacy-policy#collection-of-information)

Accept

[![Solana](/_next/static/media/logotype.e4df684f.svg)](/)

  * Learn
  * Developers
  * Solutions
  * Network
  * Community

Search```K`

## Solana Network Research and Reports

Solana is an open-source, community-run network. The Solana Foundation, As
part of its mission dedicated to supporting the decentralization, security,
and health of the network, regularly conducts and commissions research on the
network, its impact, and usage.

[Validator Health](/news/validator-health-report-october-2023)[Energy
Impact](/environment)[Network Performance](/news/network-performance-report-
july-2023)

![](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fcdn.builder.io%2Fapi%2Fv1%2Fimage%2Fassets%252Fce0c7323a97a4d91bd0baa7490ec9139%252F1ae4d0b307214be8a48af7e0ee1caab1&w=1200&q=75)

## Validator and Community Health

Explore the health of the overall Solana network, and the protocol's general
health.

[READ THE LATEST REPORT](/news/validator-health-report-october-2023)

#### 1961

block-producing validators

#### 31

Nakamoto Coeffiecient, as of Sept. 6, 2023

#### 100+

active core contributors

#### 2

active validator clients

[ClientFiredancerJump Crypto showcases Firedancer at Breakpoint 2022,
processing 1.2m TPS in a test
environment.Watch](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YF-7duYCK54)[ClientJito
LabsThe Jito Labs client manages 31% of stake on the Solana network, as of
Oct. 3,
2023.Read](https://jito.retool.com/embedded/public/3557dd68-f772-4f4f-8a7b-f479941dba02)[EventBlock
ZeroAttend the Solana network validator summit on Oct. 30, 2023 in Amsterdam,
right before Breakpoint!Sign up](https://lu.ma/0k9m99s1)

#### 658 J

average energy use per transaction

#### 8,785.8 tCO2e

annualized average carbon footpring

#### 20+

Solana ecosystem teams in climate tech

#### 0

net carbon impact

## Energy Impact

Dive into the Solana network's environmental footprint and steps being taken
to mitigate impact.

[READ THE LATEST REPORT](/news/solana-energy-use-report-december-2023)

[SourceSee the DataDig into the raw numbers of Solana's energy impact on
Solana Climate, powered by
Trycarbonara.Explore](https://solanaclimate.com/)[Case StudyGainForestSee how
Gainforest is bringing transparency to climate preservation efforts using
Solana.Read](/news/case-study-gainforest)[NewsBxC Leadership NetworkSolana
Foundation joins other blockchain groups to tackle climate
challenges.Read](https://finance.yahoo.com/news/solana-foundation-ripple-gbbc-
others-153000870.html?guccounter=1&guce_referrer=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuZ29vZ2xlLmNvbS8&guce_referrer_sig=AQAAAEAC14OO4ME-
lsk2Ok_n51P4FVpPWO-z3htwaVkHaQftKjXbHyAn0eRfANQGQ2e4s9tZGvENhsPWWFCrH5ijvpUs8tC8TOGhUDQpgxyrUY6-1cOP4ngL2Zm0XXthOTWuo7U8UBhKh3roTNXMdElCWxzc1U86p_EM60YDVGeyUXFH)

## Network Performance

Explore the overall health of the Solana network, as well as the status of
network updates.

[READ THE LATEST REPORT](/news/network-performance-report-july-2023)

#### 100%

network uptime since March 2023

#### 55,000

transactions per second in theoretical throughput

#### 300m+

average voting and nonvoting transactions per day

#### $.0025

average transaction fee on the Solana network

[SourceNetwork Health DashboardDive into real-time data into the Solana
network's performance on Dune.Explore](https://dune.com/dsaber/solana-network-
health-report)[VideoSolana ChangelogLearn about the latest news and commits to
the Solana protocol, from the Solana
Foundation.Watch](https://youtube.com/playlist?list=PLilwLeBwGuK5-Qri7Pg9zd-
Vvhz9kX2-R&feature=shared)[Report02-25-23 ReportRead the report into the most
recent network degredation.Read](/news/02-25-23-solana-mainnet-beta-outage-
report)

## Additional Research

Reporting, data, and information from other researchers from both inside and
outside the Solana ecosystem.

[UpdatesSolana Validators Adopt v1.16 UpdateRead](/news/solana-
validators-v1-16-update)[DevelopersElectric Capital 2022 Crypto Developer
ReportREAD](https://www.developerreport.com/developer-report)[State of the
networkMessari's State of Solana Q2
2023Read](https://messari.io/project/solana/quarterly-reports/q2-2023)

## It's time to get started

Have questions? Reach out to the Solana Foundation's product support team, or
dig into developer courses and materials.

[Reach Out](mailto:product@solana.org)[See Developer Materials](/developers)

![](https://cdn.builder.io/api/v1/pixel?apiKey=ce0c7323a97a4d91bd0baa7490ec9139)

Managed by

[](/)

[](/youtube)[](/twitter)[](/discord)[](/reddit)[](/github)[](/telegram)

© 2024 Solana Foundation. All rights reserved.

Solana

  * [Grants](https://solana.org/grants)
  * [Break Solana](https://break.solana.com/)
  * [Media Kit](/branding)
  * [Careers](https://jobs.solana.com/)
  * [Disclaimer](/tos)
  * [Privacy Policy](/privacy-policy)

Get Connected

  * [Ecosystem](/ecosystem)
  * [Blog](/news)
  * [Newsletter](/newsletter)

en

© 2024 Solana Foundation. All rights reserved.

