[](https://www.binance.com/en)

[Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/crypto/buy)

[Markets](https://www.binance.com/en/markets/overview)

Trade

Basic

  * [SpotBuy and sell on the Spot market with advanced tools](https://www.binance.com/en/trade/BTC_USDT?type=spot)
  * [MarginIncrease your profits with leverage](https://www.binance.com/en/trade?type=cross)
  * [P2PBuy & sell cryptocurrencies using bank transfer and 800+ options](https://p2p.binance.com/en)
  * [Convert & Block TradeThe easiest way to trade at all sizes](https://www.binance.com/en/convert)

Advanced

  * [Trading BotsTrade smarter with our various automated strategies - easy, fast and reliable](https://www.binance.com/en/trading-bots)
  * [Copy TradingFollow the most popular traders](https://www.binance.com/en/copy-trading)
  * [APIsUnlimited opportunities with one key](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-api)

[Futures](https://www.binance.com/en/futures/home)

  * [USDⓈ-M FuturesContracts settled in USDT and USDC](https://www.binance.com/en/futures)
  * [COIN-M FuturesContracts settled in cryptocurrency](https://www.binance.com/en/delivery)
  * [OptionsUSDT Options with limited downside and affordable entry](https://www.binance.com/en/eoptions)

[Earn](https://www.binance.com/en/earn)

[Square](https://www.binance.com/en/square)

  * [SquareStay informed with everything crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/square)
  * [Academy (Learn & Earn)Earn crypto by learning about blockchain](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn)
  * [BlogExpand your knowledge and get the latest insights](https://www.binance.com/en/blog)
  * [ResearchInstitutional-grade analysis, in-depth insights, and more](https://www.binance.com/en/research)

More

  * [VIP & InstitutionalYour trusted digital asset platform for VIPs and institutions](https://www.binance.com/en/vip-institutional-services)
  * [Launchpad & LaunchpoolDiscover and gain access to new token launches](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)
  * [MegadropLock your BNB and complete Web3 quests for boosted airdrop rewards](https://www.binance.com/en/megadrop)
  * [Mining PoolMine more rewards by connecting to the pool](https://pool.binance.com/en)
  * [PaySend, receive and spend crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/payment)
  * [LoansGet an instant loan secured by crypto assets](https://www.binance.com/en/loan)

  * [NFTExplore NFTs from creators worldwide](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/home)
  * [Fan TokenDiscover an all-new fandom and unlock unlimited fan experiences](https://www.binance.com/en/fan-token)
  * [Web3 WalletMeet the next-generation Web3 wallet](https://www.binance.com/en/web3wallet)
  * [BNB ChainThe most popular blockchain to build your own dApp](https://www.bnbchain.org)
  * [CharityBlockchain empowers charity to be more transparent, efficient, and traceable](https://www.binance.charity)

[Log
In](https://accounts.binance.com/en/login?loginChannel=blog&return_to=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYmluYW5jZS5jb20vZW4vYmxvZy9sZWFkZXJzaGlwL2hpZ2hsaWdodHMtZnJvbS1jenMtanVseS0zMS1hbWEtb24tdHdpdHRlci1zcGFjZXMtNTQwMTg3Nzk4NTI5MzEyNDMyOT9sYW5nPWVu)[Sign
Up](https://accounts.binance.com/en/register?registerChannel=blog&return_to=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYmluYW5jZS5jb20vZW4vYmxvZy9sZWFkZXJzaGlwL2hpZ2hsaWdodHMtZnJvbS1jenMtanVseS0zMS1hbWEtb24tdHdpdHRlci1zcGFjZXMtNTQwMTg3Nzk4NTI5MzEyNDMyOT9sYW5nPWVu)

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/images/common/logo.png)

Scan to Download App IOS & Android

[More Download
Options](https://www.binance.com/en/download?utm_source=&utm_campaign=)

##### [Binance Blog](/blog)

# Highlights From CZ’s July 31 AMA on Twitter Spaces

2023-08-01

## Main Takeaways

  * On July 31, 2023, Changpeng Zhao (CZ), Binance’s CEO, spent an hour on Twitter Spaces answering a slew of user questions.

  * Some of the most intriguing questions covered Binance’s recently obtained Dubai license, Binance Launchpad, and the launch of Coinbase’s layer-2 mainnet, Base.

  * Rather than resist competition, Binance embraces it. We welcome new products and blockchains emerging in the crypto space and are always looking for new ways to collaborate.

_What follows is a summary of CZ’s answers to some of the questions he
received during a Twitter AMA on July 31, 2023. Please note that this
transcript has been edited for length and clarity._

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20230801/69429f2f-73a6-457b-a1a2-1ff13554d68c.png)

##  On Binance’s Dubai License

 _Could you share some background and thoughts on Binance’s license in Dubai?_

**CZ:** It's been a long time in the works. First, we got the provisional
license about a year ago. It took another 12 months or so of detailed due
diligence to get to this next phase, which is the [_Operational Minimum Viable
Product (MVP) license_](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/ecosystem/binance-is-
the-first-virtual-asset-exchange-to-receive-an-operational-mvp-license-in-
dubai-7342057061995039467).

The process is extremely tough, but Dubai’s regulators are responsive. It's
good that the collaboration is there. Now that we have an Operational MVP
license, people can access the crypto exchange and fiat gateways. It's great
to see different parts of the world moving at different speeds, but Dubai is
definitely at the forefront.

## On Binance Launchpad

 _What is Binance Launchpad and why is it important for the ecosystem?_

**CZ:** We launched [_Binance Launchpad_](https://launchpad.binance.com/en) in
January 2019. We noticed that fundraising was easier during a bull market with
a lot of money flowing into crypto. But in bear markets, when money is harder
to come by, only a few strong projects are able to raise funds, and with more
difficulty. We wanted to help, so we got involved and created Binance
Launchpad, a centralized platform to raise funds in crypto.

So far, around 20 to 30 projects have gone through Launchpad. It's a process
where we want to help founders while also giving our community a good deal.
That's how we want to operate Launchpad. We'll continue to look for good
projects, but we also have very high requirements. They need to demonstrate
dedication and the ability to execute. Launchpad projects typically go through
nine months or more of vetting before we come to an agreement. That’s
generally how Binance Launchpad works.

## On Binance Merch

 _Is it possible to purchase Binance merch?_

**CZ:** Binance merchandise – what we call "merch" – we don't sell. We think
that selling it decreases its value. We want it to be exclusive and hard to
get. We are also not a fashion or physical shop. We don't do very good
logistics, shipping, etc. It takes a lot of time and effort, and we are not
optimized for that. We only want to give merchandise to people who are strong
supporters of the community.

Many people have suggested opening a shop, but I've always turned it down. I
want us to focus on software rather than hardware. We do spend money and
energy on merchandise, but I think it's a good way to show appreciation for
our community.

## On Team Management

 _How do you set up your team to keep track of trends and act quickly where
necessary?_

**CZ:** We have different teams in different areas already; we have people
specializing in blockchain, DeFi, NFTs, etc. Those people typically will give
me information, and we monitor those business units. We don't try to invent
trends, but when trends are happening, we want to latch onto them quickly.

I think identifying trends is not that difficult. The harder part is catching
trends when they happen. Do we have the right team, or can we quickly assemble
a new one? Or, are we able to identify leaders in the new space and invest in
them? I think we have a very strong team. Given our influence in the industry
and our brand, most projects are happy to work with Binance. For me, it's more
about execution than identification.

## On the Launch of Coinbase’s Base

 _What do you think of Coinbase launching its Base network? Do you see it as a
threat?_

**CZ:** No, we don't view it as a threat. I think the more, the merrier. There
are thousands of blockchains out there. I think for any player to issue a new
blockchain project is generally a good thing, as long as it's not a scam. Even
if it's a failed project, I think it's still a good experiment that brings
more choice to people. Coinbase has done a lot in the industry. They're the
pioneers in the US, so for them to launch something like this is very good. We
want to be supportive of it.

Given Binance’s role in the crypto space, it’s hard to find a player that
doesn't have any overlap with us. If we resisted competition, we wouldn’t be
able to work with anybody. Instead, we embrace competition. Though we overlap
with most players in some way, we always try to work with them in other ways.
Even Binance’s internal teams overlap in their responsibilities and product
offerings. I think it's great that Coinbase is doing this, and I would
encourage other platforms to launch new products and blockchains.

_You can listen to a recording of the AMA in full_[
_here_](https://twitter.com/binance/status/1685976178006351873) _.  _

_Please follow us on_[Twitter](https://twitter.com/binance) _for news of CZ’s
next AMA._

##  Further Reading

  * [ _CZ’s Principles_](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/from-cz/czs-principles-6343713009794494746)

  * [ _CZ on Time Management_](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/from-cz/cz-on-time-management-937115089915394194)

  * [ _CZ’s Book Recommendations_](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/from-cz/czs-book-recommendations-3164932959824224096)

194,864,480 users chose us. Find out why today.

Register Now

Like this post

###### Share Post

Article Outlines

Highlights From CZ’s July 31 AMA on Twitter Spaces

Main Takeaways

On Binance’s Dubai License

On Binance Launchpad

On Binance Merch

On Team Management

On the Launch of Coinbase’s Base

Further Reading

194,864,480 users chose us. Find out why today.

Register Now

### Community

[](https://discord.gg/jE4wt8g2H2)[](https://www.binance.com/en/community)[](https://www.tiktok.com/@binance?lang=en)[](https://www.facebook.com/binance)[](https://twitter.com/binance)[](https://www.reddit.com/r/binance)[](https://www.instagram.com/Binance/)[](https://coinmarketcap.com/exchanges/binance/)[](https://www.youtube.com/binanceyoutube)[](https://www.binance.com/en/community)

Theme

Theme

### About Us

  * [About](https://www.binance.com/en/about)
  * [Careers](https://www.binance.com/en/careers)
  * [Announcements](https://www.binance.com/en/support/announcement)
  * [News](https://www.binance.com/en/square/news/all)
  * [Press](https://www.binance.com/en/press)
  * [Legal](https://www.binance.com/en/legal/home)
  * [Terms](https://www.binance.com/en/terms)
  * [Privacy](https://www.binance.com/en/about-legal/privacy-portal)
  * [Building Trust](https://www.binance.com/en/land/building_trust)
  * [Blog](https://www.binance.com/en/blog)
  * [Community](https://www.binance.com/en/community)
  * [Sitemap](https://www.binance.com/en/country-region-selector)
  * [Risk Warning](https://www.binance.com/en/risk-warning)
  * [Notices](https://www.binance.com/en/support/list/notices)
  * [Downloads](https://www.binance.com/en/download)
  * [Desktop Application](https://www.binance.com/en/desktop-download)

### Products

  * [Exchange](https://www.binance.com/en/trade)
  * [Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/buy-sell-crypto)
  * [Leveraged Tokens](https://www.binance.com/en/leveraged-tokens/tokens/allTokens)
  * [TradingView](https://www.binance.com/en/land/tradingview)
  * [Pay](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/payment)
  * [Academy](https://academy.binance.com/en)
  * [Live](https://www.binance.com/en/live)
  * [Tax](https://www.binance.com/en/tax)
  * [Gift Card](https://www.binance.com/en/gift-card)
  * [Launchpad & Launchpool](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)
  * [Auto-Invest](https://www.binance.com/en/auto-invest)
  * [ETH Staking](https://www.binance.com/en/eth2)
  * [NFT](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/home)
  * [BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/bnb)
  * [BABT](https://www.binance.com/en/BABT?source=footer)
  * [Research](https://www.binance.com/en/research)
  * [Charity](https://www.binance.charity)

### Business

  * [P2P Merchant Application](https://c2c.binance.com/en/merchantApplication)
  * [P2Pro Merchant Application](https://p2p.binance.com/en/p2pro)
  * [Listing Application](https://www.binance.com/en/my/coin-apply)
  * [Institutional & VIP Services](https://www.binance.com/en/vip-institutional-services)
  * [Labs](https://labs.binance.com/)

### Learn

  * [Learn & Earn](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn)
  * [Browse Crypto Prices](https://www.binance.com/en/price)
  * [Bitcoin Price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/bitcoin)
  * [Ethereum Price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/ethereum)
  * [Browse Crypto Price Predictions](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction)
  * [Bitcoin Price Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction/bitcoin)
  * [Ethereum Price Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction/ethereum)
  * [Buy Bitcoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bitcoin)
  * [Buy BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bnb)
  * [Buy Ripple](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/xrp)
  * [Buy Dogecoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/dogecoin)
  * [Buy Ethereum](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/ethereum)
  * [Buy Tradable Altcoins](https://www.binance.com/en/altcoins/tradable)

### Service

  * [Affiliate](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/affiliate)
  * [Referral](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/referral?utm_source=Lite_web_footer)
  * [OTC Trading](https://www.binance.com/en/otc)
  * [Historical Market Data](https://www.binance.com/en/landing/data)
  * [Proof of Reserves](https://www.binance.com/en/proof-of-reserves)

### Support

  * [24/7 Chat Support](https://www.binance.com/en/chat?sourceEntry=4)
  * [Support Center](https://www.binance.com/en/support)
  * [Product Feedback & Suggestions](https://www.binance.com/en/my/user-support/feedback/entry)
  * [Fees](https://www.binance.com/en/fee/schedule)
  * [APIs](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-api)
  * [Binance Verify](https://www.binance.com/en/official-verification)
  * [Trading Rules](https://www.binance.com/en/trade-rule)
  * [Binance Airdrop Portal](https://www.binance.com/en/airdrop)
  * [Law Enforcement Requests](https://www.binance.com/en/support/law-enforcement)

Binance© 2024Cookie Preferences

