Skip to main content

[](/en/)

  * Learn
  * Use
  * Build
  * Participate
  * Research

Search```K`

Languages EN

Change page

[Overview](/en/developers/docs/)

Foundational topics

[Intro to Ethereum](/en/developers/docs/intro-to-ethereum/)

[Intro to Ether](/en/developers/docs/intro-to-ether/)

[Intro to dapps](/en/developers/docs/dapps/)

[Web2 vs Web3](/en/developers/docs/web2-vs-web3/)

[Accounts](/en/developers/docs/accounts/)

[Transactions](/en/developers/docs/transactions/)

[Blocks](/en/developers/docs/blocks/)

[Ethereum virtual machine (EVM)](/en/developers/docs/evm/)

[Opcodes](/en/developers/docs/evm/opcodes/)

[Gas](/en/developers/docs/gas/)

[Nodes and clients](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/)

[Run a node](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/run-a-node/)

[Client diversity](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/client-diversity/)

[Nodes as a service](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/nodes-as-a-
service/)

[Node architecture](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/node-architecture/)

[Light clients](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/light-clients/)

[Archive nodes](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/archive-nodes/)

[Bootnodes](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/bootnodes/)

[Networks](/en/developers/docs/networks/)

[Consensus mechanisms](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/)

[Proof-of-work](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pow/)

[Mining](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pow/mining/)

[Mining algorithms](/en/developers/docs/consensus-
mechanisms/pow/mining/mining-algorithms/)

[Dagger-Hashimoto](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pow/mining/mining-
algorithms/dagger-hashimoto/)

[Ethash](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pow/mining/mining-
algorithms/ethash/)

[Proof-of-stake](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/)

[Gasper](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/gasper/)

[Weak subjectivity](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/weak-
subjectivity/)

[Attestations](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/attestations/)

[PoS rewards and penalties](/en/developers/docs/consensus-
mechanisms/pos/rewards-and-penalties/)

[PoS attack and defense](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/attack-
and-defense/)

[Keys](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/keys/)

[Proof-of-stake versus proof-of-work](/en/developers/docs/consensus-
mechanisms/pos/pos-vs-pow/)

[Block proposal](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/block-proposal/)

[Proof-of-stake FAQs](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/faqs/)

[Proof-of-authority](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/poa/)

Ethereum stack

[Intro to the stack](/en/developers/docs/ethereum-stack/)

[Smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/)

[Smart contract languages](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/languages/)

[Smart contract anatomy](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/anatomy/)

[Smart contracts libraries](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/libraries/)

[Testing smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/testing/)

[Compiling smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/compiling/)

[Deploying smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/deploying/)

[Verifying smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/verifying/)

[Upgrading smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/upgrading/)

[Smart contract security](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/security/)

[Smart contract formal verification](/en/developers/docs/smart-
contracts/formal-verification/)

[Composability](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/composability/)

[Development networks](/en/developers/docs/development-networks/)

[Development frameworks](/en/developers/docs/frameworks/)

Ethereum client APIs

[JavaScript APIs](/en/developers/docs/apis/javascript/)

[Backend APIs](/en/developers/docs/apis/backend/)

[JSON-RPC](/en/developers/docs/apis/json-rpc/)

[Data and analytics](/en/developers/docs/data-and-analytics/)

[Block explorers](/en/developers/docs/data-and-analytics/block-explorers/)

[Storage](/en/developers/docs/storage/)

[Integrated Development Environments (IDEs)](/en/developers/docs/ides/)

[Programming languages](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/)

[Dart](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/dart/)

[Delphi](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/delphi/)

[.NET](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/dot-net/)

[Golang](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/golang/)

[Java](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/java/)

[JavaScript](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/javascript/)

[Python](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/python/)

[Ruby](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/ruby/)

[Rust](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/rust/)

Advanced

[Bridges](/en/developers/docs/bridges/)

[Standards](/en/developers/docs/standards/)

[Token standards](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/)

[ERC-20: Fungible Tokens](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/erc-20/)

[ERC-721: NFTs](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/erc-721/)

[ERC-777](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/erc-777/)

[ERC-1155](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/erc-1155/)

[ERC-4626](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/erc-4626/)

[Maximal extractable value (MEV)](/en/developers/docs/mev/)

[Oracles](/en/developers/docs/oracles/)

[Scaling](/en/developers/docs/scaling/)

[Optimistic rollups](/en/developers/docs/scaling/optimistic-rollups/)

[Zero-knowledge rollups](/en/developers/docs/scaling/zk-rollups/)

[State channels](/en/developers/docs/scaling/state-channels/)

[Sidechains](/en/developers/docs/scaling/sidechains/)

[Plasma](/en/developers/docs/scaling/plasma/)

[Validium](/en/developers/docs/scaling/validium/)

[Data availability](/en/developers/docs/data-availability/)

[Networking layer](/en/developers/docs/networking-layer/)

[Network addresses](/en/developers/docs/networking-layer/network-addresses/)

[Portal Network](/en/developers/docs/networking-layer/portal-network/)

[Data structures and encoding](/en/developers/docs/data-structures-and-
encoding/)

[Patricia Merkle Trie](/en/developers/docs/data-structures-and-
encoding/patricia-merkle-trie/)

[Recursive-length prefix (RLP)](/en/developers/docs/data-structures-and-
encoding/rlp/)

[Simple serialize (SSZ)](/en/developers/docs/data-structures-and-
encoding/ssz/)

[Web3 secret storage definition](/en/developers/docs/data-structures-and-
encoding/web3-secret-storage/)

Design fundamentals

[Intro to design and UX](/en/developers/docs/design-and-ux/)

# JavaScript API libraries

n

Last edit: [@nhsz(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/nhsz), August 15,
2023

See contributors

On this page

  * Prerequisites
  * Why use a library?
  * Library features
    * Connect to Ethereum nodes
    * Wallet functionality
    * Interact with smart contract functions
    * Utility functions
  * Available libraries
  * Further reading
  * Related topics
  * Related tutorials

In order for a web app to interact with the Ethereum blockchain (i.e. read
blockchain data and/or send transactions to the network), it must connect to
an Ethereum node.

For this purpose, every Ethereum client implements the [JSON-
RPC](/en/developers/docs/apis/json-rpc/) specification, so there are a uniform
set of [methods](/en/developers/docs/apis/json-rpc/#json-rpc-methods) that
applications can rely on.

If you want to use JavaScript to connect with an Ethereum node, it's possible
to use vanilla JavaScript but several convenience libraries exist within the
ecosystem that make this much easier. With these libraries, developers can
write intuitive, one-line methods to initialize JSON RPC requests (under the
hood) that interact with Ethereum.

Please note that since [The Merge](/en/roadmap/merge/), two connected pieces
of Ethereum software - an execution client and a consensus client - are
required to run a node. Please ensure your node includes both an execution and
consensus client. If your node is not on your local machine (e.g. your node is
running on an AWS instance) update the IP addresses in the tutorial
accordingly. For more information please see our page on [running a
node](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/run-a-node/).

## Prerequisites

As well as understanding JavaScript, it might be helpful to understand the
[Ethereum stack](/en/developers/docs/ethereum-stack/) and [Ethereum
clients](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/).

## Why use a library?

These libraries abstract away much of the complexity of interacting directly
with an Ethereum node. They also provide utility functions (e.g. converting
ETH to Gwei) so as a developer you can spend less time dealing with the
intricacies of Ethereum clients and more time focused on the unique
functionality of your application.

## Library features

### Connect to Ethereum nodes

Using providers, these libraries allow you to connect to Ethereum and read its
data, whether that's over JSON-RPC, INFURA, Etherscan, Alchemy or MetaMask.

**Ethers example**

    
    
     1// A Web3Provider wraps a standard Web3 provider, which is
    
    2// what MetaMask injects as window.ethereum into each page
    
    3const provider = new ethers.providers.Web3Provider(window.ethereum)
    
    4
    
    5// The MetaMask plugin also allows signing transactions to
    
    6// send ether and pay to change state within the blockchain.
    
    7// For this, we need the account signer...
    
    8const signer = provider.getSigner()
    
    ![ðŸ“‹](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f4cb.svg) Copy

**Web3js example**

    
    
     1var web3 = new Web3("http://localhost:8545")
    
    2// or
    
    3var web3 = new Web3(new Web3.providers.HttpProvider("http://localhost:8545"))
    
    4
    
    5// change provider
    
    6web3.setProvider("ws://localhost:8546")
    
    7// or
    
    8web3.setProvider(new Web3.providers.WebsocketProvider("ws://localhost:8546"))
    
    9
    
    10// Using the IPC provider in node.js
    
    11var net = require("net")
    
    12var web3 = new Web3("/Users/myuser/Library/Ethereum/geth.ipc", net) // mac os path
    
    13// or
    
    14var web3 = new Web3(
    
    15  new Web3.providers.IpcProvider("/Users/myuser/Library/Ethereum/geth.ipc", net)
    
    16) // mac os path
    
    17// on windows the path is: "\\\\.\\pipe\\geth.ipc"
    
    18// on linux the path is: "/users/myuser/.ethereum/geth.ipc"
    
    Show all
    
    ![ðŸ“‹](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f4cb.svg) Copy

Once set up you'll be able to query the blockchain for:

  * block numbers
  * gas estimates
  * smart contract events
  * network id
  * and more...

### Wallet functionality

These libraries give you functionality to create wallets, manage keys and sign
transactions.

Here's an examples from Ethers

    
    
    1// Create a wallet instance from a mnemonic...
    
    2mnemonic =
    
    3  "announce room limb pattern dry unit scale effort smooth jazz weasel alcohol"
    
    4walletMnemonic = Wallet.fromMnemonic(mnemonic)
    
    5
    
    6// ...or from a private key
    
    7walletPrivateKey = new Wallet(walletMnemonic.privateKey)
    
    8
    
    9walletMnemonic.address === walletPrivateKey.address
    
    10// true
    
    11
    
    12// The address as a Promise per the Signer API
    
    13walletMnemonic.getAddress()
    
    14// { Promise: '0x71CB05EE1b1F506fF321Da3dac38f25c0c9ce6E1' }
    
    15
    
    16// A Wallet address is also available synchronously
    
    17walletMnemonic.address
    
    18// '0x71CB05EE1b1F506fF321Da3dac38f25c0c9ce6E1'
    
    19
    
    20// The internal cryptographic components
    
    21walletMnemonic.privateKey
    
    22// '0x1da6847600b0ee25e9ad9a52abbd786dd2502fa4005dd5af9310b7cc7a3b25db'
    
    23walletMnemonic.publicKey
    
    24// '0x04b9e72dfd423bcf95b3801ac93f4392be5ff22143f9980eb78b3a860c4843bfd04829ae61cdba4b3b1978ac5fc64f5cc2f4350e35a108a9c9a92a81200a60cd64'
    
    25
    
    26// The wallet mnemonic
    
    27walletMnemonic.mnemonic
    
    28// {
    
    29//   locale: 'en',
    
    30//   path: 'm/44\'/60\'/0\'/0/0',
    
    31//   phrase: 'announce room limb pattern dry unit scale effort smooth jazz weasel alcohol'
    
    32// }
    
    33
    
    34// Note: A wallet created with a private key does not
    
    35//       have a mnemonic (the derivation prevents it)
    
    36walletPrivateKey.mnemonic
    
    37// null
    
    38
    
    39// Signing a message
    
    40walletMnemonic.signMessage("Hello World")
    
    41// { Promise: '0x14280e5885a19f60e536de50097e96e3738c7acae4e9e62d67272d794b8127d31c03d9cd59781d4ee31fb4e1b893bd9b020ec67dfa65cfb51e2bdadbb1de26d91c' }
    
    42
    
    43tx = {
    
    44  to: "0x8ba1f109551bD432803012645Ac136ddd64DBA72",
    
    45  value: utils.parseEther("1.0"),
    
    46}
    
    47
    
    48// Signing a transaction
    
    49walletMnemonic.signTransaction(tx)
    
    50// { Promise: '0xf865808080948ba1f109551bd432803012645ac136ddd64dba72880de0b6b3a7640000801ca0918e294306d177ab7bd664f5e141436563854ebe0a3e523b9690b4922bbb52b8a01181612cec9c431c4257a79b8c9f0c980a2c49bb5a0e6ac52949163eeb565dfc' }
    
    51
    
    52// The connect method returns a new instance of the
    
    53// Wallet connected to a provider
    
    54wallet = walletMnemonic.connect(provider)
    
    55
    
    56// Querying the network
    
    57wallet.getBalance()
    
    58// { Promise: { BigNumber: "42" } }
    
    59wallet.getTransactionCount()
    
    60// { Promise: 0 }
    
    61
    
    62// Sending ether
    
    63wallet.sendTransaction(tx)
    
    Show all
    
    ![ðŸ“‹](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f4cb.svg) Copy

[Read the full docs(opens in a new
tab)](https://docs.ethers.io/v5/api/signer/#Wallet)

Once set up you'll be able to:

  * create accounts
  * send transactions
  * sign transactions
  * and more...

### Interact with smart contract functions

JavaScript client libraries allow your application to call smart contract
functions by reading the Application Binary Interface (ABI) of a compiled
contract.

The ABI essentially explains the contract's functions in a JSON format and
allows you to use it like a normal JavaScript object.

So the following Solidity contract:

    
    
    1contract Test {
    
    2    uint a;
    
    3    address d = 0x12345678901234567890123456789012;
    
    4
    
    5    function Test(uint testInt)  { a = testInt;}
    
    6
    
    7    event Event(uint indexed b, bytes32 c);
    
    8
    
    9    event Event2(uint indexed b, bytes32 c);
    
    10
    
    11    function foo(uint b, bytes32 c) returns(address) {
    
    12        Event(b, c);
    
    13        return d;
    
    14    }
    
    15}
    
    Show all
    
    ![ðŸ“‹](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f4cb.svg) Copy

Would result in the following JSON:

    
    
    1[{
    
    2    "type":"constructor",
    
    3    "payable":false,
    
    4    "stateMutability":"nonpayable"
    
    5    "inputs":[{"name":"testInt","type":"uint256"}],
    
    6  },{
    
    7    "type":"function",
    
    8    "name":"foo",
    
    9    "constant":false,
    
    10    "payable":false,
    
    11    "stateMutability":"nonpayable",
    
    12    "inputs":[{"name":"b","type":"uint256"}, {"name":"c","type":"bytes32"}],
    
    13    "outputs":[{"name":"","type":"address"}]
    
    14  },{
    
    15    "type":"event",
    
    16    "name":"Event",
    
    17    "inputs":[{"indexed":true,"name":"b","type":"uint256"}, {"indexed":false,"name":"c","type":"bytes32"}],
    
    18    "anonymous":false
    
    19  },{
    
    20    "type":"event",
    
    21    "name":"Event2",
    
    22    "inputs":[{"indexed":true,"name":"b","type":"uint256"},{"indexed":false,"name":"c","type":"bytes32"}],
    
    23    "anonymous":false
    
    24}]
    
    Show all
    
    ![ðŸ“‹](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f4cb.svg) Copy

This means you can:

  * Send a transaction to the smart contract and execute its method
  * Call to estimate the gas a method execution will take when executed in the EVM
  * Deploy a contract
  * And more...

### Utility functions

Utility functions give you handy shortcuts that make building with Ethereum a
little easier.

ETH values are in Wei by default. 1 ETH = 1,000,000,000,000,000,000 WEI â€“ this
means you're dealing with a lot of numbers! `web3.utils.toWei` converts ether
to Wei for you.

And in ethers it looks like this:

    
    
    1// Get the balance of an account (by address or ENS name)
    
    2balance = await provider.getBalance("ethers.eth")
    
    3// { BigNumber: "2337132817842795605" }
    
    4
    
    5// Often you will need to format the output for the user
    
    6// which prefer to see values in ether (instead of wei)
    
    7ethers.utils.formatEther(balance)
    
    8// '2.337132817842795605'
    
    ![ðŸ“‹](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f4cb.svg) Copy

  * [Web3js utility functions(opens in a new tab)](https://docs.web3js.org/api/web3-utils)
  * [Ethers utility functions(opens in a new tab)](https://docs.ethers.io/v5/api/utils/)

## Available libraries

**Web3.js -** **_Ethereum JavaScript API._**

  * [Documentation(opens in a new tab)](https://docs.web3js.org/)
  * [GitHub(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/ethereum/web3.js/)

**Ethers.js -** **_Complete Ethereum wallet implementation and utilities in
JavaScript and TypeScript._**

  * [Documentation(opens in a new tab)](https://docs.ethers.io/)
  * [GitHub(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/ethers-io/ethers.js/)

**The Graph -** **_A protocol for indexing Ethereum and IPFS data and querying
it using GraphQL._**

  * [The Graph(opens in a new tab)](https://thegraph.com/)
  * [Graph Explorer(opens in a new tab)](https://thegraph.com/explorer/)
  * [Documentation(opens in a new tab)](https://thegraph.com/docs/)
  * [GitHub(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/graphprotocol/)
  * [Discord(opens in a new tab)](https://thegraph.com/discord)

**light.js -** **_A high-level reactive JS library optimized for light
clients._**

  * [GitHub(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/openethereum/js-libs/tree/master/packages/light.js)

**Web3-wrapper -** **_Typescript alternative to Web3.js._**

  * [Documentation(opens in a new tab)](https://0x.org/docs/web3-wrapper#introduction)
  * [GitHub(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/0xProject/0x-monorepo/tree/development/packages/web3-wrapper)

**Alchemyweb3 -** **_Wrapper around Web3.js with automatic retries and
enhanced apis._**

  * [Documentation(opens in a new tab)](https://docs.alchemy.com/reference/api-overview)
  * [GitHub(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/alchemyplatform/alchemy-web3)

**Alchemy NFT API -** **_API for fetching NFT data, including ownership,
metadata attributes and more._**

  * [Documentation(opens in a new tab)](https://docs.alchemy.com/alchemy/enhanced-apis/nft-api)
  * [GitHub(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/alchemyplatform/alchemy-web3)

**viem -** **_TypeScript Interface for Ethereum._**

  * [Documentation(opens in a new tab)](https://viem.sh)
  * [GitHub(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/wagmi-dev/viem)

## Further reading

 _Know of a community resource that helped you? Edit this page and add it!_

## Related topics

  * [Nodes and clients](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/)
  * [Development frameworks](/en/developers/docs/frameworks/)

## Related tutorials

  * [Set up Web3js to use the Ethereum blockchain in JavaScript](/en/developers/tutorials/set-up-web3js-to-use-ethereum-in-javascript/) _â€“ Instructions for getting web3.js set up in your project._
  * [Calling a smart contract from JavaScript](/en/developers/tutorials/calling-a-smart-contract-from-javascript/) _â€“ Using the DAI token, see how to call contracts function using JavaScript._
  * [Sending transactions using web3 and Alchemy](/en/developers/tutorials/sending-transactions-using-web3-and-alchemy/) _â€“ Step by step walkthrough for sending transactions from the backend._

back-to-top â†‘

### Was this article helpful?

YesNo

![ðŸ‘ˆ](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f448.svg)

Previous

[Development frameworks](/en/developers/docs/frameworks/)

![ðŸ‘‰](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f449.svg)

Next

[Backend APIs](/en/developers/docs/apis/backend/)

  * [Edit page(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/ethereum/ethereum-org-website/tree/dev/public/content/developers/docs/apis/javascript/index.md)
  * On this page

    * Prerequisites
    * Why use a library?
    * Library features
      * Connect to Ethereum nodes
      * Wallet functionality
      * Interact with smart contract functions
      * Utility functions
    * Available libraries
    * Further reading
    * Related topics
    * Related tutorials

Website last updated: May 22, 2024

[(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/ethereum/ethereum-org-
website)[(opens in a new tab)](https://twitter.com/ethdotorg)[(opens in a new
tab)](https://discord.gg/ethereum-org)

### Learn

  * [Learn Hub](/en/learn/)
  * [What is Ethereum?](/en/what-is-ethereum/)
  * [What is ether (ETH)?](/en/eth/)
  * [Ethereum wallets](/en/wallets/)
  * [What is Web3?](/en/web3/)
  * [Smart contracts](/en/smart-contracts/)
  * [Gas fees](/en/gas/)
  * [Run a node](/en/run-a-node/)
  * [Ethereum security and scam prevention](/en/security/)
  * [Quiz Hub](/en/quizzes/)
  * [Ethereum glossary](/en/glossary/)

### Use

  * [Guides](/en/guides/)
  * [Choose your wallet](/en/wallets/find-wallet/)
  * [Get ETH](/en/get-eth/)
  * [Dapps - Decentralized applications](/en/dapps/)
  * [Stablecoins](/en/stablecoins/)
  * [NFTs - Non-fungible tokens](/en/nft/)
  * [DeFi - Decentralized finance](/en/defi/)
  * [DAOs - Decentralized autonomous organizations](/en/dao/)
  * [Decentralized identity](/en/decentralized-identity/)
  * [Stake ETH](/en/staking/)
  * [Layer 2](/en/layer-2/)

### Build

  * [Builder's home](/en/developers/)
  * [Tutorials](/en/developers/tutorials/)
  * [Documentation](/en/developers/docs/)
  * [Learn by coding](/en/developers/learning-tools/)
  * [Set up local environment](/en/developers/local-environment/)
  * [Grants](/en/community/grants/)
  * [Foundational topics](/en/developers/docs/intro-to-ethereum/)
  * [UX/UI design fundamentals](/en/developers/docs/design-and-ux/)
  * [Enterprise - Mainnet Ethereum](/en/enterprise/)
  * [Enterprise - Private Ethereum](/en/enterprise/private-ethereum/)

### Participate

  * [Community hub](/en/community/)
  * [Online communities](/en/community/online/)
  * [Ethereum events](/en/community/events/)
  * [Contributing to ethereum.org](/en/contributing/)
  * [Translation Program](/en/contributing/translation-program/)
  * [Ethereum bug bounty program](/en/bug-bounty/)
  * [Ethereum Foundation](/en/foundation/)
  * [Ethereum Foundation Blog(opens in a new tab)](https://blog.ethereum.org/)
  * [Ecosystem Support Program(opens in a new tab)](https://esp.ethereum.foundation)
  * [Devcon(opens in a new tab)](https://devcon.org/)

### Research

  * [Ethereum Whitepaper](/en/whitepaper/)
  * [Ethereum roadmap](/en/roadmap/)
  * [Improved security](/en/roadmap/security/)
  * [Technical history of Ethereum](/en/history/)
  * [Open research](/en/community/research/)
  * [Ethereum Improvement Proposals](/en/eips/)
  * [Ethereum governance](/en/governance/)

  * [About us](/en/about/)
  * [Ethereum brand assets](/en/assets/)
  * [Code of conduct](/en/community/code-of-conduct/)
  * [Jobs](/en/about/#open-jobs)
  * [Privacy policy](/en/privacy-policy/)
  * [Terms of use](/en/terms-of-use/)
  * [Cookie policy](/en/cookie-policy/)
  * [Press Contact(opens in a new tab)](mailto:press@ethereum.org)

Is this page helpful?

