  * **Wallet**[**Mobile App** The world of Web3 in your pocket](/download)[**Browser Extension** An optimized Web3 experience for desktop](/browser-extension)
  * **Features**[**Swaps** Swap securely and seamlessly](/swap)[**Staking** Earn crypto rewards while securing networks](/staking)[**NFTs** Explore the world of NFTs](/nft)[**Security** Learn how we keep your assets & Web3 journey safe](/security)[**Buy Crypto** Buy crypto in under five minutes](/buy-crypto)[**SWIFT: Smart Contract Wallet** Explore Web3 easily with account abstraction features](/swift)
  * **Build**[**Developer Docs** Get guides for building powerful Web3 applications](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/)[**Wallet Core** Open-source, mobile-focused crypto wallet library](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/wallet-core)[**Submit dApp** Get your dApp in front of millions](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-dapps)[**Get assets listed** Elevate your asset’s exposure](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-assets)
  * **Support**[**FAQ** Get answers to your most pressing questions](https://community.trustwallet.com/c/helpcenter/8)[**Community Forum** Connect with our vibrant and diverse community](https://community.trustwallet.com/)[**Contact Us** Reach out for personalized support](https://support.trustwallet.com/en/support/home)
  * **About**[**About Us** Discover who we are and what drives us](/about-us)[**Careers** Join us in shaping the future of Web3](/careers)[**Press Kit** Download our official logo and other media assets](/press)[**Blog** Stay up-to-date on Web3 trends and insights](/blog)[**Terms of Service** What you need to know to use our services](/terms-of-service)[**Privacy Policy** Your privacy matters, learn how we protect it](/privacy-policy)

DarkLightLanguage

[Download Trust Wallet](/download)

[](/)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.4edbb099.svg)[**Mobile App** The world
of Web3 in your pocket](/download)[**Browser Extension** An optimized Web3
experience for desktop](/browser-extension)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.e7c57d68.svg)[**Swaps** Swap securely
and seamlessly](/swap)[**Staking** Earn crypto rewards while securing
networks](/staking)[**NFTs** Explore the world of NFTs](/nft)[**Security**
Learn how we keep your assets & Web3 journey safe](/security)[**Buy Crypto**
Buy crypto in under five minutes](/buy-crypto)[**SWIFT: Smart Contract
Wallet** Explore Web3 easily with account abstraction features](/swift)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.b373ab3f.svg)[**Developer Docs** Get
guides for building powerful Web3
applications](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/)[**Wallet Core**
Open-source, mobile-focused crypto wallet
library](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/wallet-core)[**Submit
dApp** Get your dApp in front of
millions](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-dapps)[**Get
assets listed** Elevate your asset’s
exposure](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-assets)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.1211abf0.svg)[**FAQ** Get answers to
your most pressing
questions](https://community.trustwallet.com/c/helpcenter/8)[**Community
Forum** Connect with our vibrant and diverse
community](https://community.trustwallet.com/)[**Contact Us** Reach out for
personalized support](https://support.trustwallet.com/en/support/home)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.9a6dd06f.svg)[**About Us** Discover who
we are and what drives us](/about-us)[**Careers** Join us in shaping the
future of Web3](/careers)[**Press Kit** Download our official logo and other
media assets](/press)[**Blog** Stay up-to-date on Web3 trends and
insights](/blog)[**Terms of Service** What you need to know to use our
services](/terms-of-service)[**Privacy Policy** Your privacy matters, learn
how we protect it](/privacy-policy)

[](/)

WalletFeaturesBuildSupportAbout

Language

[Download](/download)

[Home](/)  >  [Blog](/blog)  >  [Web3](/blog?category=Web3)  >  [SuperVerse
and the SUPER Token: Explained](/blog/super-verse-and-the-super-token-
explained)

##### Web3

# SuperVerse and the SUPER Token: Explained

Published on: Apr 18, 2024

##### Share post

[](https://facebook.com/trustwalletapp)[](https://github.com/trustwallet)[](https://instagram.com/trustwallet)[](https://twitter.com/trustwallet)[](https://discord.gg/trustwallet)[](https://reddit.com/r/trustapp)[](https://t.me/trustwallet)

  * **What is SuperVerse?**
  * **How Does SuperVerse Work?**
  * **What does SuperVerse bring to Web3?**
  * **The SUPER Token Explained**
  * **SUPER Token Use Cases**
  * **How to Buy SuperVerse (SUPER) Using Trust Wallet**

##### In Brief

Explore our beginner's guide to SuperVerse. Navigate the world of SUPER and
what it brings to Web3.

![SuperVerse and the SUPER Token:
Explained](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fsuperverse_beginners_guide_76afcc2f75.png&w=3840&q=75)

SuperVerse is a project that aims to redefine Web3 and crypto gaming—and at
the heart of this revolution lies the SUPER Token, which serves as the
backbone of the SuperVerse ecosystem. In this guide we’ll explore the
SuperVerse ecosystem, how to buy the SUPER token using Trust Wallet, and much
more.

### Before You Get Started

Before you explore SuperVerse in more detail, it’s important to remember that
you can buy, swap, send or receive SUPER using Trust Wallet.

You can [download Trust Wallet](https://trustwallet.com/download) as a mobile
app, or you can install the Trust Wallet Extension for your desktop browser.

![superverse-beginners-guide-1.gif](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fsuperverse_beginners_guide_1_ed08792bee.gif&w=3840&q=75)

[![Download-Trust-Wallet-Button.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2FDownload_Trust_Wallet_Button_3b2b015a21.png&w=3840&q=75)](https://short.trustwallet.com/TW-
blog)

## What is SuperVerse?

SuperVerse, previously known as SuperFarm, emerged in 2021. SuperVerse is a
crypto project that aims to revolutionize the way we interact with digital
assets, particularly focusing on Non-Fungible Tokens (NFTs) and [crypto
gaming](https://trustwallet.com/blog/crypto-gaming). At its core, SuperVerse
provides a decentralized platform where users can create, trade, and engage
with [NFTs](https://trustwallet.com/nft) in a variety of contexts, including
gaming, digital art, collectibles, and more.

SuperVerse seeks to break down the barriers to entry often associated with
traditional gaming and digital asset markets by providing a user-friendly
interface and leveraging the security and transparency of blockchain
technology. Through SuperVerse, users can explore new avenues of creativity,
ownership, and value exchange within the evolving landscape of
[Web3](https://trustwallet.com).

## How Does SuperVerse Work?

SuperVerse aims to revolutionize Web3 by making it more accessible and
engaging through [NFTs](https://trustwallet.com/nft) and gamified experiences.
SuperVerse operates as an integrated ecosystem designed to be the one-stop
shop for all things NFTs and crypto gaming. Imagine a single control center
for both the NFT marketplace and engaging crypto games. That's where
SuperVerse comes in. This underlying protocol acts as the foundation, ensuring
everything functions cohesively.

## What does SuperVerse bring to Web3?

SuperVerse strives to be a game-changer in [Web3](https://trustwallet.com) by
tackling two key areas: accessibility and user experience. Here's how they aim
to revolutionize the space:

### Bridging the Gap

SuperVerse recognizes the potential barrier Web3's complexity presents to new
users. By offering a unified platform encompassing both GigaMart (NFT
marketplace) and Impostors (social-gaming metaverse), they create a familiar
and engaging environment.

![superverse-beginners-guide-3.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fsuperverse_beginners_guide_3_a709fda542.png&w=3840&q=75)

GigaMart empowers NFT enthusiasts with advanced tools, streamlining the
trading process. Impostors bridges the gap between traditional (Web2) and Web3
gaming through its fun and social gameplay. This user-centric approach aims to
attract new users to Web3 by making it less intimidating and more enjoyable.

The rebranding from SuperFarm to SuperVerse signifies a strategic shift
towards a more practical and user-friendly platform. Their focus extends
beyond just crypto-enthusiasts, aiming to make Web3 accessible and valuable
for everyone, regardless of their prior blockchain experience.

In essence, SuperVerse offers a user-friendly gateway into the world of Web3
through a combination of familiar experiences, engaging games, and a powerful
governance token.

## The SUPER Token Explained

The SUPER token is an Ethereum-based token that serves as the native utility
token of the SuperVerse ecosystem, underpinning its decentralized economy. It
plays a pivotal role in facilitating various transactions, incentivizing
participation, and driving governance decisions within the platform.

The SUPER token operates on a transparent and equitable tokenomics model, with
a predetermined distribution mechanism designed to ensure widespread
accessibility and fair allocation. Through strategic partnerships, ecosystem
incentives, and community-driven initiatives, the SUPER token is distributed
to stakeholders across the SuperVerse ecosystem.

### Token Allocation Breakdown

**Total Supply:** 1,000,000,000 SUPER

#### Founders & Advisors (10%): 100,000,000 SUPER

**Vesting Schedule:** 12 month cliff followed by a 24 month linear unlock.
**Note:** No SUPER tokens have been accessed by the founders or advisors since
launch.

#### Development (10%): 100,000,000 SUPER

**Vesting Schedule:** 12 month cliff followed by a 24 month linear unlock.
**Note:** The team opted to keep all development funds locked, exceeding
initial tokenomics plans.

#### Ecosystem (9%): 90,000,000 SUPER

**Unlocked:** ~33,750,000 SUPER (3.3%) **Vesting Schedule:** 12 month cliff
followed by a 24 month linear unlock. **Note:** A portion of unlocked SUPER is
used for liquidity on various exchanges and blockchains.

#### NFT Drops (5%): 50,000,000 SUPER

**Unlocked:** ~3,412,827 SUPER (6.8%) **Vesting Schedule:** 12 month cliff.
**Note:** Users utilized unlocked SUPER for drops associated with EllioTrades
and SuperFarm Genesis NFT collections.

#### Staking (25%): 250,000,000 SUPER

**Unlocked:** ~5,500,000 SUPER (2.2%) **Vesting Schedule:** 12 month cliff.
**Note:** Active participants in existing farms received distributed unlocked
SUPER as rewards. No team tokens were utilized for staking, ensuring fair
distribution to the community.

#### Liquidity (1%): 10,000,000 SUPER

**Unlocked:** 10,000,000 SUPER (100%) **Note:** All tokens in this allocation
were used for initial liquidity at launch.

#### Seed Round (5%): 50,000,000 SUPER

**Unlocked:** ~31,916,829 SUPER (63.6%) **Vesting Schedule:** 6 month cliff
followed by a 24 month linear unlock (15% unlocked at TGE).

#### Private Sale Rounds (45%):

  * P1 (9%): 90,000,000 SUPER (100% unlocked) **Vesting Schedule:** 2 month cliff followed by a 6 month linear unlock (20% unlocked at TGE).

  * P2 (15%): 150,000,000 SUPER (100% unlocked) **Vesting Schedule:** 2 month cliff followed by a 6 month linear unlock (20% unlocked at TGE).

  * P3 (10%): 100,000,000 SUPER (100% unlocked) **Vesting Schedule:** 2 month cliff followed by a 6 month linear unlock (25% unlocked at TGE).

  * Initial DEX Offering (IDO) (1%): 10,000,000 SUPER (100% unlocked)

## SUPER Token Use Cases

Some of the SUPER token use cases include:

  * **Staking:** Holders of the SUPER token have the opportunity to stake their tokens, thereby contributing to the security and stability of the SuperVerse network. Stakers receive incentives in return, fostering long-term engagement and commitment to the ecosystem.

  * **Governance:** The SUPER token grants holders the right to participate in governance processes, enabling them to vote on proposals, amendments, and strategic initiatives within the SuperVerse ecosystem. This democratic approach ensures that the community has a voice in shaping the future direction of the platform.

  * **Rewards:** Active participation in the SuperVerse ecosystem is incentivized through various reward mechanisms, wherein users are rewarded with SUPER tokens for contributing valuable content, engaging in governance activities, and fostering community growth. These rewards serve to incentivize and motivate users to actively participate in the vibrant SuperVerse ecosystem.

## How to Buy SuperVerse (SUPER) Using Trust Wallet

You can buy crypto, including SUPER, using Trust Wallet, via our trusted
partners. Here’s how:

  * Select “Buy” from the home screen.

  * Search for “SuperVerse” or “SUPER” and select it.

  * Choose the currency you want to use, then enter the amount of SUPER you want to purchase.

  * Select the third party provider & payment method you’d like to use.

  * Select the Buy button and complete the remaining steps.

![superverse-beginners-guide-2.gif](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fsuperverse_beginners_guide_2_23e8e0e0bd.gif&w=3840&q=75)

Remember that in addition to SUPER, Trust Wallet lets you manage and interact
with 10M+ crypto assets across 100+ blockchains. Download the latest version
of Trust Wallet today.

[![Download-Trust-Wallet-Button.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2FDownload_Trust_Wallet_Button_3b2b015a21.png&w=3840&q=75)](https://short.trustwallet.com/TW-
blog)

Join the Trust Wallet community on [Telegram](https://rebrand.ly/TW-Telegram-
Announcements) Follow us on [X (formerly Twitter)](https://rebrand.ly/TW-
Twitter-Blog) [Instagram](https://rebrand.ly/TW-Insta-Blog)
[Facebook](https://rebrand.ly/TW-FB-Blog) [Reddit](https://rebrand.ly/TW-
Reddit-Blog) [Warpcast](https://warpcast.com/trustwalletapp)

> **Note:** Any cited numbers, figures, or illustrations are reported at the
> time of writing, and are subject to change.

#### Simple and convenient to use, seamless to explore

[Download Trust Wallet](/download)

##### Stay Connected:

[](https://facebook.com/trustwalletapp)[](https://github.com/trustwallet)[](https://instagram.com/trustwallet)[](https://twitter.com/trustwallet)[](https://discord.gg/trustwallet)[](https://reddit.com/r/trustapp)[](https://t.me/trustwallet)

  * **Wallet**[Mobile App](/download)[Browser Extension](/browser-extension)
  * **Features**[Buy Crypto](/buy-crypto)[Swaps](/swap)[Staking](/staking)[NFTs](/nft)[Security](/security)[SWIFT: Smart Contract Wallet](/swift)
  * **Build**[Developer Docs](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/)[Wallet Core](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/wallet-core)[Submit dApp](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-dapps)[Get assets listed](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-assets)
  * **Support**[FAQ](https://community.trustwallet.com/c/helpcenter/8)[Community Forum](https://community.trustwallet.com/)[Contact Us](https://support.trustwallet.com/en/support/home)
  * **About**[About Us](/about-us)[Careers](/careers)[Press Kit](/press)[Terms of Service](/terms-of-service)[Privacy Policy](/privacy-policy)[Blog](/blog)
  * ![A-LIGN ISO 27701](/_next/static/media/image.8354ab2c.svg)![A-LIGN ISO 27001](/_next/static/media/image.7f0b3bc9.svg)

**Download Trust Wallet**

The most trusted & secure crypto wallet.

[Download for iOS](https://apps.apple.com/app/apple-
store/id1288339409?mt=8)[Download
Extension![Chrome](/_next/static/media/raw.7dd85797.svg)](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/trust-
wallet/egjidjbpglichdcondbcbdnbeeppgdph)[Download APK](/download/apk)[Download
for Android![App
Store](/_next/image?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Fimage.5ee64b2e.png&w=256&q=75)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.wallet.crypto.trustapp)

