Skip to main content

[](/en/)

  * Learn
  * Use
  * Build
  * Participate
  * Research

Search```K`

Languages EN

  1. [Home](/en/)/
  2. [Contributing](/en/contributing/)/
  3. [Translation Program](/en/contributing/translation-program/)/
  4. [Acknowledgements](/en/contributing/translation-program/acknowledgements/)/
  5. [#certificate](/en/contributing/translation-program/acknowledgements/#certificate/)

# Contributor acknowledgements

The Translation Program is a collaborative effort and thousands of
contributors have gotten involved by volunteering their time to help us make
the website accessible in as many languages as possible.

This page is dedicated to acknowledging our translators and their efforts,
highlighting our most outstanding contributors, and supporting them on their
professional journeys.

All translators active in our project in Crowdin are featured on our
contributors page. [View all ethereum.org
translators](/en/contributing/translation-program/contributors/).

The most active translators in a given period will also earn their place on
the Translation Leaderboard.

![Translation Program hero shiba
image](/_next/image/?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Fdoge-
computer.482265f8.png&w=1920&q=75)

## Translation Leaderboard

Month ViewQuarter ViewAll-time View

#

Translator

Total Words

![](https://crowdin-
static.downloads.crowdin.com/avatar/15965461/medium/d0c82c3b7d4885069b13e4b4dc3f2963_default.png)

Satglow

Hungarian

20990

![](https://crowdin-
static.downloads.crowdin.com/avatar/16261326/medium/9ef2d59e242d11b24ec2a28e86480135.jpeg)

Feek131

Chinese Traditional

12287

![](https://crowdin-
static.downloads.crowdin.com/avatar/16276914/medium/7820e6b5685a42af4ea9d03b9e461a0b_default.png)

airwand

Vietnamese

10141

4

![](https://crowdin-
static.downloads.crowdin.com/avatar/16275116/medium/514d93e943fe6c7ac6a122f588df32f8_default.png)

Kuu_

Filipino

9986

5

![](https://crowdin-
static.downloads.crowdin.com/avatar/16275280/medium/2aefc9424db61914950a53b4b7e849b5_default.png)

Omegaaa

Vietnamese

9968

6

![](https://crowdin-
static.downloads.crowdin.com/avatar/16273026/medium/3a5e822145702ac3899ab0ba5ae1de19.jpg)

Velcro_RU

Russian

9959

7

![](https://crowdin-
static.downloads.crowdin.com/avatar/13461670/medium/c9291075edb8582a7efe26fe983237e1.jpg)

Herbie_23

Italian

8984

8

![](https://crowdin-
static.downloads.crowdin.com/avatar/14568334/medium/245b5c69aab62ffabb575daf603b70b8.jpg)

mr_giorgos

Greek

8435

9

![](https://crowdin-
static.downloads.crowdin.com/avatar/16298528/medium/319188ad42e19cfefdaa0c6c6bb88a2c.jpeg)

olumhenseben

Yoruba

6718

10

![](https://crowdin-
static.downloads.crowdin.com/avatar/15208868/medium/4ed4a0a0659f1c63e52f395079aeb3c4.jpg)

HiroyukiNaito

Japanese

6180

Show More

We want to feature outstanding translators based on recent activity as well as
highlight our most impactful all-time contributors. Our leaderboard tracks
data on the most active translators using a monthly, quarterly and all-time
view, and are updated at the start of each month. Translators are placed on
the leaderboards based on their number of ''winning'' words (number of
translated words that are approved during the review).

## Our translators

Community is at the heart of the ethereum.org Translation Program. Explore our
full community of translators below.

![](/_next/image/?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Fwhat-is-
ethereum.b37ce60e.png&w=640&q=75)

### [View all translators](/en/contributing/translation-program/contributors/)

Check out our full list of translators who dedicate their time and skills to
help make Ethereum content available to everyone.

## Certificate

We want to acknowledge our translators and support them on their career paths.
With this in mind, we have designed the ethereum.org translator certificate.

The certificate is intended for professional and upcoming translators who want
to use it as a reference, prove their expertise in translating technical
content or simply show their dedication to Ethereum.

If you have contributed to the Translation Program and at least 5,000 of your
translated words have been approved, you can request your translator
certificate by writing to us at translations@ethereum.org. Your message should
include the link to your Crowdin account and your full name (or alias, if you
prefer), which we will add to the certificate.

![translator certificate](/_next/image/?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Flight-
certificate.d2fce70d.png&w=1920&q=75)

## OATs

Contributors to the Translation Program are eligible for different OATs
(onchain achievement tokens) â€“ non-fungible tokens that prove their
participation in the ethereum.org Translation Program.

We have a number of different OATs available for translators, based on their
activity

If you have contributed to the translation effort in Crowdin, you have an OAT
waiting for you!

### How to claim

  1. Join our [Discord server(opens in a new tab)](https://ethereum.org/discord/)
  2. Paste a link to your Crowdin account in the #ðŸ¥‡ | proof-of-contribution channel.
  3. Wait for a member of our team to assign you the roles needed to claim your OATs.
  4. Claim your OATs!

You should only use self-custody wallets to claim OATs. Do not use exchange
accounts or other accounts you do not hold the private keys to, as these will
not allow you to access and manage your OATs.

### Was this page helpful?

YesNo

Website last updated: May 22, 2024

[(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/ethereum/ethereum-org-
website)[(opens in a new tab)](https://twitter.com/ethdotorg)[(opens in a new
tab)](https://discord.gg/ethereum-org)

### Learn

  * [Learn Hub](/en/learn/)
  * [What is Ethereum?](/en/what-is-ethereum/)
  * [What is ether (ETH)?](/en/eth/)
  * [Ethereum wallets](/en/wallets/)
  * [What is Web3?](/en/web3/)
  * [Smart contracts](/en/smart-contracts/)
  * [Gas fees](/en/gas/)
  * [Run a node](/en/run-a-node/)
  * [Ethereum security and scam prevention](/en/security/)
  * [Quiz Hub](/en/quizzes/)
  * [Ethereum glossary](/en/glossary/)

### Use

  * [Guides](/en/guides/)
  * [Choose your wallet](/en/wallets/find-wallet/)
  * [Get ETH](/en/get-eth/)
  * [Dapps - Decentralized applications](/en/dapps/)
  * [Stablecoins](/en/stablecoins/)
  * [NFTs - Non-fungible tokens](/en/nft/)
  * [DeFi - Decentralized finance](/en/defi/)
  * [DAOs - Decentralized autonomous organizations](/en/dao/)
  * [Decentralized identity](/en/decentralized-identity/)
  * [Stake ETH](/en/staking/)
  * [Layer 2](/en/layer-2/)

### Build

  * [Builder's home](/en/developers/)
  * [Tutorials](/en/developers/tutorials/)
  * [Documentation](/en/developers/docs/)
  * [Learn by coding](/en/developers/learning-tools/)
  * [Set up local environment](/en/developers/local-environment/)
  * [Grants](/en/community/grants/)
  * [Foundational topics](/en/developers/docs/intro-to-ethereum/)
  * [UX/UI design fundamentals](/en/developers/docs/design-and-ux/)
  * [Enterprise - Mainnet Ethereum](/en/enterprise/)
  * [Enterprise - Private Ethereum](/en/enterprise/private-ethereum/)

### Participate

  * [Community hub](/en/community/)
  * [Online communities](/en/community/online/)
  * [Ethereum events](/en/community/events/)
  * [Contributing to ethereum.org](/en/contributing/)
  * [Translation Program](/en/contributing/translation-program/)
  * [Ethereum bug bounty program](/en/bug-bounty/)
  * [Ethereum Foundation](/en/foundation/)
  * [Ethereum Foundation Blog(opens in a new tab)](https://blog.ethereum.org/)
  * [Ecosystem Support Program(opens in a new tab)](https://esp.ethereum.foundation)
  * [Devcon(opens in a new tab)](https://devcon.org/)

### Research

  * [Ethereum Whitepaper](/en/whitepaper/)
  * [Ethereum roadmap](/en/roadmap/)
  * [Improved security](/en/roadmap/security/)
  * [Technical history of Ethereum](/en/history/)
  * [Open research](/en/community/research/)
  * [Ethereum Improvement Proposals](/en/eips/)
  * [Ethereum governance](/en/governance/)

  * [About us](/en/about/)
  * [Ethereum brand assets](/en/assets/)
  * [Code of conduct](/en/community/code-of-conduct/)
  * [Jobs](/en/about/#open-jobs)
  * [Privacy policy](/en/privacy-policy/)
  * [Terms of use](/en/terms-of-use/)
  * [Cookie policy](/en/cookie-policy/)
  * [Press Contact(opens in a new tab)](mailto:press@ethereum.org)

Is this page helpful?

