[ New: Wallet recovery made easy with Ledger Recover, provided by Coincover
Get started ](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-recover)

Our Website now exists in . Do you want to change languages?

Yes, please No, I'm good

You can revert to English at any time by clicking on the language menu on the
top right corner of the page.

[ ![Ledger](https://www.ledger.com/wp-
content/themes/ledger-v2/public/images/ledger-logo-long.svg)
](https://www.ledger.com "Ledger")

  * Products
    * [Ledger Stax](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-stax "Ledger Stax")
    * [Ledger Nano X](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-nano-x "Ledger Nano X")
    * [Ledger Nano S Plus](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-nano-s-plus "Ledger Nano S Plus")
    * [Compare our devices](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/hardware-wallets-comparison "Compare our devices")
    * [Packs](https://shop.ledger.com/#category-bundle "Packs")
    * [Accessories](https://shop.ledger.com/#category-accessories "Accessories")
    * [Collaborations](https://www.ledger.com/collaborations "Collaborations")
    * [See all products](https://shop.ledger.com "See all products")
    * [Download Ledger Live](https://www.ledger.com/ledger-live "Download Ledger Live")
    * [Supported crypto](https://www.ledger.com/supported-crypto-assets "Supported crypto")
  * App and services
    * [Ledger Live](https://www.ledger.com/ledger-live "Ledger Live")
    * [Ledger Recover](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-recover "Ledger Recover")
    * [CL Card](https://www.ledger.com/cl-card "CL Card")
    * [Supported Services](https://www.ledger.com/supported-services "Supported Services")
    * [Crypto Prices](https://www.ledger.com/coin/price "Crypto Prices")
  * Learn
    * [Ledger Academy](https://www.ledger.com/academy "Ledger Academy")
    * [Learn and Earn](https://quest.ledger.com/ "Learn and Earn")
    * [Classroom](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-web-30-everything-you-need-to-know "Classroom")
    * [Blog](/blog "Blog")
    * [What is a crypto wallet](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/2-how-to-own-crypto/what-is-a-crypto-wallet "What is a crypto wallet")
    * [How to Buy](https://www.ledger.com/buy "How to Buy")
    * [How to Swap](https://www.ledger.com/swap "How to Swap")
    * [How to Stake](https://www.ledger.com/staking "How to Stake")
  * For Business
    * [Ledger Enterprise Solutions](https://enterprise.ledger.com?utm_source=mainsite&utm_medium=header "Ledger Enterprise Solutions")
    * [Ledger Partners](/partners "Ledger Partners")
    * [Ledger Co-branded Partnership](https://co-branded.ledger.com/ "Ledger Co-branded Partnership")
  * [For Developers](https://developers.ledger.com/ "For Developers")
  * [Support](https://support.ledger.com/hc "Support")
  * English
    * This page is available in English only

[__](https://shop.ledger.com/cart "Ledger Shop")

__

[Blog](https://www.ledger.com/blog/ledger-in-2022-releases-collabs-next-gen-
consumer-devices) __[Blog posts](https://www.ledger.com/category/blog-posts
"Blog posts")

[Blog posts](https://www.ledger.com/category/blog-posts "Blog posts"), [Company](https://www.ledger.com/category/company-news "Company"), [Enterprise](https://www.ledger.com/category/enterprise "Enterprise"), [Product](https://www.ledger.com/category/product-news "Product") | 01/09/2023 

# Ledger in 2022: Releases, Collabs & Next-Gen Devices

[Blog](https://www.ledger.com/blog/ledger-in-2022-releases-collabs-next-gen-
consumer-devices) __[Blog posts](https://www.ledger.com/category/blog-posts
"Blog posts")

  
Things to know:_  
_  
---  
  
– _2022 was a pivotal year for Web3, showing the direction for an industry
that needs more ownership, security, and freedom to thrive.  _  
  
– _Ledger reached many milestones, with the same North Star: to enable a
future where users, artists, and brands manage their digital assets with
control and freedom.  _  
  
– _We released the_[ _Ledger Nano S
Plus_](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-nano-s-plus) _and, during Ledger
Op3n, announced the upcoming availability of_[ _Ledger
Stax_](https://shop.ledger.com/products/ledger-stax) _, the next generation
Web3 hardware that you can_[ _preorder
here_](https://shop.ledger.com/products/ledger-stax) _.  _  
  
– _We also enriched your Ledger Live experience with new apps, coins &
services, announced the CL Card availability in Europe, launched _[_[ Ledger ]
Market_](https://market.ledger.com/) _, the world’s first secure NFT platform,
multiplied our cultural collabs, brought Web3 education to the next level,
enriched the_[ _Ledger Enterprise_](https://enterprise.ledger.com/) _platform
with new services, and more.  _  
  
– _Discover our biggest product, hardware & software developments in 2022._  
  
  
  
### **Our new hardware & consumer device**

##### **Ledger Nano S Plus – your DeFi & NFT friendly device**

The [Ledger Nano S Plus](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-nano-s-plus) is
the device we shipped in April to smoothly and securely explore DeFi, NFTs and
Web3. Its bigger screen enables a better user experience, and its increased
memory capacity allows the installation of +100 apps to explore the crypto
galaxy freely. So far, we have sold more than half a million Ledger Nano S
Plus devices.

##### **Ledger Stax – the future of consumer devices has arrived**

At Ledger, our ambition is to build the future of consumer devices. Over the
past few years, we’ve all witnessed an unprecedented surge of new
technologies, including cryptocurrencies, NFTs, and decentralized ledgers.
This trend is not a passing fad. It is a new chapter of the Internet where
billions of people will ultimately own and trade all things imaginable,
virtual or physical, money or art, identity or property. Every digital era
needs a hardware revolution to bring a shift to billions of people. People
need a new generation of consumer devices to onboard the next chapter of the
Internet.

During our Ledger Op3n edition in December 2022, we announced that Tony
Fadell, the iconic iPod and iPhone co-creator, teamed up with us to build
[Ledger Stax](https://shop.ledger.com/products/ledger-stax), our next
generation of Web3 hardware, making your crypto journey infinitely more
intuitive. It is a credit-card-sized device that will enable you to manage
over 500 digital assets, your NFT collections and to explore an ever-growing
range of Web3 apps through the Ledger Live app, connecting it to your
smartphone via Bluetooth.

### **Your Ledger Live Experience Enriched**

##### **Manage your NFTs seamlessly through your all-in-one-app**

Earlier this year, we announced that you can automatically display your
[Ethereum NFTs](https://www.ledger.com/manage-your-nfts) and [Polygon
NFTs](https://www.ledger.com/blog/manage-your-polygon-nfts-through-ledger-
live) through your Ledger Live “Account” section and seamlessly send them to
another wallet with the security of your Nano hardware wallet and no [blind-
signing](https://www.ledger.com/academy/cryptos-greatest-weakness-blind-
signing-explained). Watch this short guide:

##### **A wide range of coins & blockchains added to Ledger Live:**

In 2022, we integrated a wide range of coins and blockchains to make your Web3
experience complete and secure. Among them,
[hedera](https://www.ledger.com/manage-buy-hedera-hbar-through-ledger-live),
[cardano](https://www.ledger.com/cardano-is-here-buy-manage-your-ada-in-
ledger-live) and [cardano tokens](https://www.ledger.com/blog/ledger-expands-
cardano-support-manage-100-native-tokens-with-ledger-live),
[cronos](https://www.ledger.com/blog-ledger-live-adds-cronos-cro-support),
[solana](https://www.ledger.com/blog-you-can-now-buy-manage-solana-sol-
through-ledger-live), [elrond](https://www.ledger.com/blog/you-can-now-send-
receive-egld-elrond-through-ledger-live),
[filecoin](https://www.ledger.com/blog/filecoin-makes-its-way-to-ledger-live-
manage-fil-with-ease-and-security),
[osmosis](https://www.ledger.com/blog/manage-stake-your-osmosis-through-
ledger-live), [fantom](https://www.ledger.com/blog/cronos-fantom-moonbeam-
songbird-just-made-their-way-in-ledger-live),
[moonbeam](https://www.ledger.com/blog/cronos-fantom-moonbeam-songbird-just-
made-their-way-in-ledger-live), [songbird](https://www.ledger.com/blog/cronos-
fantom-moonbeam-songbird-just-made-their-way-in-ledger-live), and more. Find
the complete list of coins [here](https://www.ledger.com/supported-crypto-
assets/ledger-live).

##### **More apps added to your Discover section:**

We collaborated and partnered with a wide variety of DApps, exchanges, NFT
projects, payment providers and more to bring security and ease of use to
everyone. Among the partners we’ve added to your Discover Section are:

  * [Binance](https://www.ledger.com/binance-joins-ledger-live-securely-buy-80-crypto-with-credit-card), enabling you to easily buy 80+ crypto with your credit card and expand your portfolio across multiple blockchains with full ownership and security. 

  * [CIC](https://www.ledger.com/blog/for-us-based-users-swap-your-crypto-with-cic-through-ledger-live), our new swap partner available on your Ledger Live desktop and mobile app Swap tab. With CIC, you can securely swap a wide range of coins and tokens including BTC,ETH, BNB and ERC-20 tokens like USDT and USDC.

  * [Onjuno](https://www.ledger.com/blog/get-paid-in-crypto-ledger-partners-with-onjuno), a crypto checking account app that converts a part of your paycheck into crypto, is now compatible with your Ledger wallet.

  * [ZenLedger](https://www.ledger.com/blog-simplify-your-crypto-tax-reports-zenledger-meets-ledger-live), an app made for crypto users and tax professionals who need a simple way to process their crypto tax accounting. It can be used by anyone who would like their transactions easily aggregated and cleaned up into a readable format.

  * [Alkemi Earn](https://www.ledger.com/blog/say-hello-to-alkemi-earn-lend-and-borrow-crypto-without-leaving-ledger-live), a decentralized lending and borrowing platform that allows you to gain interest and earn passive income by looking up your crypto assets in a liquidity pool built on the Ethereum blockchain.

  * [Cryptonovae](https://cryptonovae.medium.com/ledger-and-cryptonovae-to-collaborate-and-make-market-overview-fast-and-easy-for-cryptocurrency-20fa9eb702f5), making price discovery and market overview fast and easy for cryptocurrency traders. Cryptonovae enables users to chart any cryptocurrency with tons of different indicators and customize it as they want.

  * [Dispatch](https://finance.yahoo.com/news/ledger-integrates-dispatch-offer-chain-140000367.html?guccounter=1&guce_referrer=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuZ29vZ2xlLmNvbS8&guce_referrer_sig=AQAAAI7BUJhs6nxlcZRjL2eyMam9RhFL89vSKlZiPCs8tvYYMkGa5KuAn6TDFdZGjlAURPjkXjLBDpBe2rv9wjTWHqTMNkwjhtSalIgbuj0o9zW-hyR19veN6Mn3oRPHiyd2M0qHVgp3QtnDjNJi5Y0gHLHYe0c1_FTb-kLBaOWIl3pO), an on-chain messaging inbox, enabling users to instantly view and engage with messages from their favorite projects, enabling them to stay up-to-date on event invites, incentivized surveys, and more.

  * [StackinSat](https://journalducoin.com/bitcoin/surfin-bitcoin-stackinsat-debarque-ledger-live/), a Bitcoin broker that offers users and businesses a simple and secure way to buy bitcoins.

##### **More Staking Opportunities** :

The staking process is often complicated and misunderstood. And that’s a
shame, because [crypto staking](https://www.ledger.com/staking) is an easy way
to passively grow your digital assets while helping to secure a blockchain
network.  

In September, we partnered with Figment, one of the world’s largest blockchain
services providers – to bring you a seamless and secure way to stake your
coins through Ledger Live. You can already stake your
[SOL](https://www.ledger.com/stake-your-solana-sol-with-complete-confidence-
using-ledger-validator), [OSMO](https://www.ledger.com/blog/manage-stake-your-
osmosis-through-ledger-live) and [ATOM](https://www.ledger.com/stake-your-
atom-coins-with-ledger-validator-2) coins with complete confidence using the
Ledger validator.

We’ve also partnered with [Kiln](https://www.ledger.com/blog/eth-staking-made-
easy-secure-kiln-joins-ledger-live), a staking platform that enables you to
participate in Ethereum’s security and earn rewards.

##### **An improved Ledger Live user journey**

We have improved your Ledger Live UX and UI experience with a new swap
interface making it easier to get the best deal, a new buy flow to make it
smoother to choose the best partner according to your country and payment
method, as well as a redesign of the wallet section of the mobile app.

##### **“Ledger Connect”: our upcoming browser extension**

As part of our mission to make your Web3 experience easy and secure, we have
announced [“Ledger Connect”](https://get-connect.ledger.com/), our upcoming
browser extension that will enable you to seamlessly connect your Ledger
hardware wallet to your favorite Web3 app without the need for a third-party
wallet.

“Ledger Connect” will also add a new security layer called “Web3 Check.” When
a Web3 app will look suspicious, “Ledger Connect” will automatically warn you
about potential security risks.

**[ Ledger ] Market – the world’s most secure NFT platform for artists &
brands**

Regarding NFTs, convenience currently wins over security, and scams are
everywhere. Brands and NFT artists have no choice but to comply with big
marketplaces with weak security standards.  
[ Ledger ] Market is our distribution platform enabling anyone to create,
store and distribute NFTs seamlessly and securely, featuring monthly curated
drops, custom Ledger collabs and product drops for the most premium and secure
NFT marketplace experience. So far, we have dropped the Genesis pass, Ledger
Stax, Deadfellaz, Agoria and Brick NFTs. RTFKT and Jen Stark drops are coming
soon. Learn more [here](https://market.ledger.com/about).

### **Web3 Education brought to the next level**

During Ledger Op3n 2022 in NYC, we announced new milestones in our Web3
Educational initiatives, including the launch of Ledger Quest, a Play-to-Learn
educational platform, along with other exciting initiatives including an
evolved, user-friendly and enriched version of the Ledger Academy and a
partnership with The Sandbox bringing education to the Metaverse.

### **Ledger Enterprise: more services, more possibilities**

[Ledger Enterprise](http://enterprise.ledger.com/) is a global technology
provider allowing companies from all backgrounds to secure and manage their
digital asset business. In 2022, we enriched our platform’s offering with
increased staking, NFT and DeFi capabilities enhancing more use cases for our
clients.

In 2022, [we launched](https://www.ledger.com/blog/staking-is-now-available-
on-ledger-enterprises-all-in-one-platform) Tezos, Polkadot and Ethereum
staking on the Ledger Enterprise platform, allowing users to seamlessly and
securely stake assets and maximize their rewards. We also announced our NFT
offering allowing our clients to mint, custody and distribute NFTs straight
from the Ledger Enterprise platform and [already onboarded famous
brands](blank) like Farfetch, Salesforce or Time magazine.

Finally, we expanded our DeFi capabilities allowing our clients to access more
than 450 DApps through Wallet Connect. We’ve also improved the Ledger[
Enterprise API](https://www.ledger.com/blog/automate-your-operations-and-
interact-with-web3-at-scale-with-ledger-enterprise-api), enabling our clients
to automate all their day-to-day operations and track relevant data in real-
time, saving time and money.

### **Cultural, Luxury Collabs & Ledger Pro Team, our new Ambassador Program**

In 2022, we’ve made a wide range of partnerships across art, luxury, music and
gaming fields to awaken a deeper connection with culture and provide
communities with the tools to safely navigate Web3.

We launched our own Pro Team, our ambassador program, just like a skateboard
company or shoe company like Nike or Adidas would. We want to work with the
strongest leaders who can give us direct feedback from their communities.

Among our first [Ledger Pro
Team](https://twitter.com/Ledger/status/1539628082566414338?s=20&t=Mc404NuZkhQDMnBQjteWgw&utm_source=Iterable&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=campaign_-12345)
members are [Bobby
Hundreds](https://links.ledger.com/u/click?_t=62c6a4ea5484430dbb7571e36c7bde50&_m=pQWbe06o0FpublRAGC0u2ul1nj1dfauX&_e=g09tP3nEQfLXWF7SLUV_JmYGD0M8dEXPlis6Sft0n_j8q7BtuNXABXmfHKEtzM6irgrKawTr2QmgUASMOSPtwikgn3i6Vw-
tFpVm7sMsOsvyA5qQ4LNzHrfoI3CWd5uiNga24rx-
RH6T5O-zyjbX7dA_zHuHkfL33XRHn7V2wTReDrNPnROK6GXZ5pDjedOvnJmJ0kXh3pen1K6dhL5CAE3fU65zFKHVUTVS_1BoAMDa16cJyX5gdlFTHBhT7bp7Sb9XL_A7vk4L0ouKGuZIfvSZD3SHQCEsT2nCSMKuLIG1BQMGOHKdsQJ3czEez7XGuZuxqJ8i3RC1o-tGA9TlQ-
PqejgnD82ua5o1-C6JeKM%3D), perhaps the best-spoken thinker on the intersection
of tech, fashion, identity, and community, [Mike
Shinoda](https://links.ledger.com/u/click?_t=62c6a4ea5484430dbb7571e36c7bde50&_m=pQWbe06o0FpublRAGC0u2ul1nj1dfauX&_e=g09tP3nEQfLXWF7SLUV_JoJ-9il_rgEup-
DotPXgjE5nIWiQZ9AjfRhouidybYbwTrLPitr9-5_1Cg5bwKTWkhueLcnTvZBnCxOYYYhHj8cIkXeFHnJBoFEcERk45HgTj4iZ8u9RnwkapvsFQnsKSJo728D7nmfn2Nkj5LnP1w9kWMLPrbHDQtr8tyaZpUZAApkVwZn1U7mK_1MLj_gp1YAZRCN7q4hA2alP93j-RUn-
De8SWMUO4qNHX4QuadOUqNWxBjsyRmYqL_F1kwIoZY9AwF4202NjcMWGRt45Oj6T4D3Nn7F7aYj5Wc1xsw7dRYcKyZjk7L5meAvocG_DaTdofDds1l7_CQ5hY7kcmF8%3D),
artist and musician, creator of the pioneering music NFT collection
Ziggurauts, well known for his work in Linkin Park and Fort Minor, [Dan
Held](https://links.ledger.com/u/click?_t=62c6a4ea5484430dbb7571e36c7bde50&_m=pQWbe06o0FpublRAGC0u2ul1nj1dfauX&_e=g09tP3nEQfLXWF7SLUV_JtARPy53ZgIZ9ayfMeZW94VWaCSYFrVgufRXeGuIK8Zubn6z_ALrqI4j62pEv8tqlEuTUiCdADoN_95gFi2_BPAxyEirO1_F96zPdFBm9Q66sCob3jib8bFkHv2627aqYrmKQ34YAUchFimzBPlxJFzSYS8lEbfTJoHRZITZfE_eC7mM66tCMT8SuXmkQoROdEQADzyLnsBeAifAv0TfOEhe-
pLzRi1shMKezpBvjDQV9H1RqAyJdsTAC-LKF4nE-itYwX-CmF7w6JUWC6W34iYYp-
fm1XOewDxMUuGIUkjvntRPP2vufBJME1YVyQ0RNL_n263BpXuGeTZduAVhGkI%3D), Bitcoin
community leader since the original 2013 SF Bitcoin Meetup days, and
[Deadfellaz](https://twitter.com/Deadfellaz?ref_src=twsrc%5Egoogle%7Ctwcamp%5Eserp%7Ctwgr%5Eauthor)
(Betty and Psych) are idealists with great taste and a long-term vision who
stand up for what they want.

We’ve also struck a wide range of partnerships, for instance, with Fendi
bringing a pair of fashionable accessories that can fit a Ledger Nano X, with
the Swiss luxury watchmaker Hublot, with the launch of 200 limited edition
luxury watches showcasing the Bitcoin Latin motto “Vires in Numeris”. And you
couldn’t miss Gunna [wearing](https://afrotech.com/gunna-ledger-nano-x-
diamond-chain) a diamond-encrusted chain and a Ledger around his neck at the
Met Gala, bringing Web3 culture to life. We’ve also partnered with [Stadium
Goods](https://www.farfetch.com/fr/shopping/men/stadium-goods-x-ledger-
portefeuille-nano-s-plus-item-18930025.aspx), [The
Hundreds](https://shop.ledger.com/products/ledger-nano-x-the-hundreds),
GensokiShi, Faze Clan, and many more artists and communities.

### **CL Card – Powered By Ledger – has arrived in Europe**

We announced the European launch of the Crypto Life “CL” Card, powered by
Ledger and provided by Baanx, a UK-based Web3 Fintech company.

Powered by Ledger’s unique digital security ecosystem, the CL Card allows
users to move assets quickly, seamlessly, and securely between their secured
Ledger wallet and their card account using the Ledger Live app. With the CL
Card, Ledger customers can spend their crypto or use it as collateral using
innovative features such as Cryptodraft & Stableloans that open a line of
credit to pay without selling their assets. Learn more
[here](https://www.ledger.com/cl-card).

### **Ledger Cathay Fund – Our venture to onboard the next billion users to
Web3**

In June, we launched a €100M early-stage venture fund, [Ledger Cathay
Capital](https://www.ledger.com/cathay-ledger-fund), in partnership with
Cathay Innovation, to onboard the next billion users on Web3.

Led by Cathay Innovation’s Denis Barrier and Ledger’s Pascal Gauthier and
Michael Louzado, our new venture invests globally in Seed to Series A
companies focused on emerging DeFi, security, infrastructure, digital
ownership technologies, protocols and more.  The Ledger Cathay fund aims at
unlocking the full potential of Web3 and reaching the next billion users while
ensuring security and trust at scale.

### **2023: New Year, New Projects**

For the year ahead, our strategy is clear: we will keep enhancing your
experience with new services, apps, tokens, hardware and software
improvements, and more.

##### **The future of Web3 hardware in the palm of your hands**

In 2023, your Web3 journey will reach a significant step with [Ledger
Stax](https://shop.ledger.com/products/ledger-stax) in the palm of your hands
starting from April 2023 ([preorder
here](https://shop.ledger.com/products/ledger-stax)). With Ledger Stax, you
will experience the future of Web3 hardware, with a much bigger and curved
touch screen, an ability to showcase your NFTs in unprecedented ways, and to
seamlessly access an ever-growing range of Web3 apps.

##### **More services, more drops, more projects**

We will keep enriching your Ledger Live app with new coins, services, and
DApps. In this regard, Ledger Connect, our upcoming browser extension, is an
important milestone that will soon allow you to connect your Ledger wallet to
your favorite Web3 apps without third-party wallets. enabling more ease of use
when interacting with Web3.

In parallel, the Ledger Enterprise B2B platform will increase staking
possibilities with new protocols, integrate on-ramp/off-ramp capabilities,
improve exchange connectivity, and more. And that’s not all. In 2023, the CL
Ledger, powered by Ledger, will be available in more countries, enabling
millions of users to make quick transfers between their CL Card and their
Ledger Live app and to spend their crypto in real life. On the NFT front,
Ledger Market, the world’s first secure NFT platform, will feature more drops
from leading artists, brands, and communities.

##### **Bringing the future of Web3 education to communities**

On the educational front will bring many improvements, too, including an
enhanced experience, more functionalities for the Ledger Academy, the full
launch of Ledger Quest with a variety of partnerships to enable people to
learn, play and earn POK NFTs from their favorite brands and creators, as well
as the launch of “Ledger Educate” our educational programs for organizations
and corporations that aim to educate their employees and achieve their Web3
transitions.  

##### **Looking ahead**

Your Web3 adventure is just beginning with us. We want to contribute to a
world where users, creators, and brands manage Web3 value with complete
ownership and freedom. Stay tuned, as many more exciting news are coming soon.

[](https://www.facebook.com/Ledger/)
[__](https://www.instagram.com/ledger/)[](https://twitter.com/Ledger)
[](https://www.linkedin.com/company/ledgerhq/)
[](https://www.reddit.com/r/ledgerwallet/)
[__](https://www.tiktok.com/@ledger)

More articles

[](https://www.ledger.com/blog-ledger-stax-now-shipping-a-message-from-
ledgers-ceo-pascal-gauthier "Ledger Stax Now Shipping: A Message From Ledger’s
CEO Pascal Gauthier")

[Blog posts](https://www.ledger.com/category/blog-posts "Blog posts"), [Company](https://www.ledger.com/category/company-news "Company") | 05/28/2024 

Ledger Stax Now Shipping: A Message From Ledger’s CEO Pascal Gaut...

[Read more](https://www.ledger.com/blog-ledger-stax-now-shipping-a-message-
from-ledgers-ceo-pascal-gauthier "Ledger Stax Now Shipping: A Message From
Ledger’s CEO Pascal Gauthier")

[](https://www.ledger.com/blog-cargo-checkct-our-home-made-tool-guarding-
against-timing-attacks-is-now-open-source "Cargo-checkct: our home-made tool
guarding against timing attacks is now open-source!")

[Blog posts](https://www.ledger.com/category/blog-posts "Blog posts"), [Donjon](https://www.ledger.com/category/donjon "Donjon") | 05/17/2024 

Cargo-checkct: our home-made tool guarding against timing attacks...

[Read more](https://www.ledger.com/blog-cargo-checkct-our-home-made-tool-
guarding-against-timing-attacks-is-now-open-source "Cargo-checkct: our home-
made tool guarding against timing attacks is now open-source!")

[](https://www.ledger.com/blog/device-apps-tutorials "Master Ledger Device
Apps development with step-by-step tutorials")

[Blog posts](https://www.ledger.com/category/blog-posts "Blog posts"), [Tech](https://www.ledger.com/category/tech "Tech") | 05/07/2024 

Master Ledger Device Apps development with step-by-step tutorials...

[Read more](https://www.ledger.com/blog/device-apps-tutorials "Master Ledger
Device Apps development with step-by-step tutorials")

### Stay in touch

Announcements can be found in our blog. Press contact:  
[media@ledger.com](mailto:media@ledger.com)

  * [__](https://www.reddit.com/r/ledgerwallet/ "Ledger Reddit")
  * [__](https://www.facebook.com/Ledger/ "Ledger Facebook")
  * [__](https://www.instagram.com/ledger/ "Ledger Instagram")
  * [__](https://twitter.com/Ledger "Ledger Twitter")
  * [__](https://www.youtube.com/Ledger "Ledger Youtube")
  * [__](https://www.linkedin.com/company/ledgerhq "Ledger Linkedin company")
  * [__](https://www.tiktok.com/@ledger "Ledger Tiktok")
  * [__](https://discord.com/invite/ledger "Ledger Discord")

### Subscribe to our  
newsletter

New coins supported, blog updates and exclusive offers directly in your inbox

  

Enter your email

Register to newsletter

Your email address will only be used to send you our newsletter, as well as
updates and offers. You can unsubscribe at any time using the link included in
the newsletter.

[Learn more about how we manage your data and your
rights.](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/privacy-notice#ledger-newsletter)

[![](https://www.ledger.com/wp-content/themes/ledger-v2/public/images/ledger-
logo-long.svg)](https://www.ledger.com "Ledger")

  * English
    * This page is available in English only

Copyright © Ledger SAS. All rights reserved. Ledger, Ledger Stax, Ledger Nano
S, Ledger Vault, Bolos are trademarks owned by Ledger SAS.  
  
1 rue du Mail, 75002 Paris, France  
  
Payment methods  
![](/wp-content/uploads/2021/11/logo-paypal-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-crypto-s.png?v=6)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-bitpay-s.png?v=6)  
![](/wp-content/uploads/2021/11/layer1.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-visa-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-maestro-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-mastercard-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-cb-s.png?v=2)

  * Products
    * [Ledger Stax](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-stax)
    * [Ledger Nano X](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-nano-x)
    * [Ledger Nano S Plus](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-nano-s-plus)
    * [Compare our devices](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/hardware-wallets-comparison)
    * [Bundles](https://shop.ledger.com/#category-bundle)
    * [Accessories](https://shop.ledger.com/#category-accessories)
    * [All products](https://shop.ledger.com)
    * [Downloads](https://www.ledger.com/ledger-live)

  * Crypto Assets
    * [Bitcoin wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/bitcoin)
    * [Ethereum wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/ethereum)
    * [Cardano wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/cardano)
    * [XRP wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/ripple)
    * [Monero wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/monero)
    * [USDT wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/tether)
    * [See all assets](https://www.ledger.com/supported-crypto-assets)

  * Crypto Services
    * [Crypto Prices](https://www.ledger.com/coin/price)
    * [Buy crypto](https://www.ledger.com/buy)
    * [Staking crypto](https://www.ledger.com/staking)
    * [Swap crypto](https://www.ledger.com/swap)

  * For Business
    * [Ledger Enterprise Solutions](https://enterprise.ledger.com/)

  * For Startups
    * [Funding from Ledger Cathay Capital](https://www.ledger.com/cathay-ledger-fund)

  * For Developers
    * [The Developer Portal](https://developers.ledger.com/)

  * Get started
    * [Start using your Ledger device](https://www.ledger.com/start)
    * [Compatible wallets and services](https://www.ledger.com/ledger-wallets-and-services)
    * [How to buy Bitcoin](https://www.ledger.com/buy-bitcoin)
    * [Guide before buying bitcoin](https://www.ledger.com/buy-bitcoin/how)
    * [Bitcoin Hardware Wallet](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/bitcoin-hardware-wallet)

  * See also
    * [Support](https://support.ledger.com/hc)
    * [Bounty program](https://donjon.ledger.com/bounty/)
    * [Resellers](/reseller)
    * [Ledger Press Kit](https://www.ledger.com/press)
    * [Affiliates](https://www.ledgerwallet.com/affiliates/)
    * [Status](https://status.ledger.com/)
    * [Partners](/partners)

  * Careers
    * [Join us](https://www.ledger.com/career)
    * [All jobs](https://www.ledger.com/jobs)

  * About
    * [Our vision](https://www.ledger.com/blog/we-are-ledger-a-brand-vision)
    * [Ledger Academy](https://www.ledger.com/academy)
    * [The company](/the-company)
    * [The people](/the-people-behind-ledger)
    * [Diversity](https://www.ledger.com/diversity)
    * [Blog](/blog)

  * Legal
    * [Legal Center](https://www.ledger.com/legal-center)
    * [Sales Terms and Conditions](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/terms-and-conditions)
    * [Privacy Policy](https://www.ledger.com/privacy-policy)
    * [Disclaimers](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/disclaimers)

![](https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=237213137153741&ev=PageView&noscript=1)

![](https://t.co/1/i/adsct?bci=4&eci=3&event=%7B%7D&event_id=2beeb04c-ae07-4bc4-b7e0-6f77537ebf1c&integration=gtm&p_id=Twitter&p_user_id=0&pl_id=b1a5db74-162f-45c8-8b4f-bc6baa0a88bf&tw_document_href=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Fblog%2Fledger-
in-2022-releases-collabs-next-gen-consumer-
devices&tw_iframe_status=0&txn_id=nzkax&type=javascript&version=2.3.30)![](https://analytics.twitter.com/1/i/adsct?bci=4&eci=3&event=%7B%7D&event_id=2beeb04c-ae07-4bc4-b7e0-6f77537ebf1c&integration=gtm&p_id=Twitter&p_user_id=0&pl_id=b1a5db74-162f-45c8-8b4f-bc6baa0a88bf&tw_document_href=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Fblog%2Fledger-
in-2022-releases-collabs-next-gen-consumer-
devices&tw_iframe_status=0&txn_id=nzkax&type=javascript&version=2.3.30)

By clicking “Accept All Cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your
device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our
marketing efforts.

Cookies Settings Accept All Cookies

![Company Logo](https://cdn.cookielaw.org/logos/df21fb3f-71b8-491b-89ee-
eb777bcaf866/637ca236-af9d-4a40-815f-1b6a15af499d/ea9d9f41-35f0-4c24-9a83-1ef746863067/White_64.png)

## Privacy Preference Center

  * ### Your Privacy

  * ### Strictly Necessary Cookies

  * ### Performance Cookies

  * ### Functional Cookies

  * ### Targeting Cookies

  * ### Social Media Cookies

#### Your Privacy

When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your
browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you,
your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as
you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but
it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your
right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on
the different category headings to find out more and change our default
settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience
of the site and the services we are able to offer.  
[More information](https://cookiepedia.co.uk/giving-consent-to-cookies)

#### Strictly Necessary Cookies

Always Active

These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched
off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by
you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy
preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block
or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then
work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.

View Vendor Details‎

#### Performance Cookies

Performance Cookies

These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure
and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are
the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All
information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If
you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our
site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.

View Vendor Details‎

#### Functional Cookies

Functional Cookies

These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and
personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose
services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then
some or all of these services may not function properly.

View Vendor Details‎

#### Targeting Cookies

Targeting Cookies

These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They
may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show
you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal
information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet
device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted
advertising.

View Vendor Details‎

#### Social Media Cookies

Social Media Cookies

These cookies are set by a range of social media services that we have added
to the site to enable you to share our content with your friends and networks.
They are capable of tracking your browser across other sites and building up a
profile of your interests. This may impact the content and messages you see on
other websites you visit. If you do not allow these cookies you may not be
able to use or see these sharing tools.

View Vendor Details‎

Back Button

### Vendors List

Filter Button

Consent Leg.Interest

checkbox label label

checkbox label label

checkbox label label

Clear

checkbox label label

Apply Cancel

Confirm My Choices

Allow All

[![Powered by
Onetrust](https://cdn.cookielaw.org/logos/static/powered_by_logo.svg)](https://www.onetrust.com/products/cookie-
consent/)

![](https://bat.bing.com/action/0?ti=134633242&tm=gtm002&Ver=2&mid=b0cd4df7-01d3-435c-855c-53e1d10efd1c&sid=bfa26b701cfd11efa4e47f23351c2cbd&vid=bfa277501cfd11ef95c00d408a93e1ad&vids=1&msclkid=N&pi=918639831&lg=en-
US&sw=800&sh=600&sc=24&tl=Ledger%20in%202022%3A%20Releases,%20Collabs%20%26%20Next-
Gen%20Devices%20%7C%20Ledger&p=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Fblog%2Fledger-
in-2022-releases-collabs-next-gen-consumer-
devices&r=&lt=2347&evt=pageLoad&sv=1&rn=690355)

![dot image
pixel](https://sp.analytics.yahoo.com/sp.pl?a=10000&d=Tue%2C%2028%20May%202024%2014%3A22%3A44%20GMT&n=0&b=Ledger%20in%202022%3A%20Releases%2C%20Collabs%20%26%20Next-
Gen%20Devices%20%7C%20Ledger&.yp=10159916&f=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Fblog%2Fledger-
in-2022-releases-collabs-next-gen-consumer-
devices&enc=UTF-8&yv=1.15.1&tagmgr=gtm)

Ledger

75.8K subscribers

[Introducing Ledger Stax](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ct0x31vhORY)

[]()

Ledger

Search

Watch later

Share

Copy link

Info

Shopping

Tap to unmute

If playback doesn't begin shortly, try restarting your device.

Full screen is unavailable. [Learn
More](https://support.google.com/youtube/answer/6276924)

More videos

## More videos

You're signed out

Videos you watch may be added to the TV's watch history and influence TV
recommendations. To avoid this, cancel and sign in to YouTube on your
computer.

CancelConfirm

Share

Include playlist

An error occurred while retrieving sharing information. Please try again
later.

[Watch
on](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ct0x31vhORY&embeds_referring_euri=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2F&embeds_referring_origin=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com&feature=emb_imp_woyt)

0:00

0:00 / 0:31•Live

•

[](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ct0x31vhORY "Watch on YouTube")

# An error occurred.

[Try watching this video on
www.youtube.com](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ct0x31vhORY), or enable
JavaScript if it is disabled in your browser.

Ledger

75.8K subscribers

[How to manage your NFTs through
Ledger](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MZwa5f7Xg1I)

[]()

Ledger

Search

Watch later

Share

Copy link

Info

Shopping

Tap to unmute

If playback doesn't begin shortly, try restarting your device.

Full screen is unavailable. [Learn
More](https://support.google.com/youtube/answer/6276924)

You're signed out

Videos you watch may be added to the TV's watch history and influence TV
recommendations. To avoid this, cancel and sign in to YouTube on your
computer.

CancelConfirm

More videos

## More videos

Share

Include playlist

An error occurred while retrieving sharing information. Please try again
later.

[Watch
on](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MZwa5f7Xg1I&embeds_referring_euri=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2F&embeds_referring_origin=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com&feature=emb_imp_woyt)

0:00

0:00 / 1:04•Live

•

[](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MZwa5f7Xg1I "Watch on YouTube")

# An error occurred.

[Try watching this video on
www.youtube.com](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MZwa5f7Xg1I), or enable
JavaScript if it is disabled in your browser.

Ledger

75.8K subscribers

[Use Ledger Live with Ledger
Stax](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BgL2tLCCS7k)

[]()

Ledger

Search

Watch later

Share

Copy link

Info

Shopping

Tap to unmute

If playback doesn't begin shortly, try restarting your device.

Full screen is unavailable. [Learn
More](https://support.google.com/youtube/answer/6276924)

More videos

## More videos

You're signed out

Videos you watch may be added to the TV's watch history and influence TV
recommendations. To avoid this, cancel and sign in to YouTube on your
computer.

CancelConfirm

Share

Include playlist

An error occurred while retrieving sharing information. Please try again
later.

[Watch
on](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BgL2tLCCS7k&embeds_referring_euri=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2F&embeds_referring_origin=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com&feature=emb_imp_woyt)

0:00

0:00 / 0:46•Live

•

[](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BgL2tLCCS7k "Watch on YouTube")

# An error occurred.

[Try watching this video on
www.youtube.com](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BgL2tLCCS7k), or enable
JavaScript if it is disabled in your browser.

