Build the future of Web3 with us. Check out our open positions today!

[![Luganodes
Logo](data:image/svg+xml;base64,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)](/)

[Home](/)

Product

Resources

Company

Contact us

[Guides](/blog/?interval=3&category=Guides)

3 min read

# KAVA — How to Stake $KAVA Tokens with Luganodes

KAVA Staking Guide

![](data:image/svg+xml;charset=utf-8,%3Csvg%20height='675'%20width='1200'%20xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%20version='1.1'%3E%3C/svg%3E)

![](data:image/png;base64,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)![Cover
Image](/static/bce7db100b02f8fbab838e18a9527855/bb8ee/Staking_Guide_kava_c25379776c.png)![Cover
Image](/static/bce7db100b02f8fbab838e18a9527855/bb8ee/Staking_Guide_kava_c25379776c.png)

Published on

3 July, 2023

Copy
Link[](https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Check%20out%20this%20blog%20by%20Luganodes%20-%20%22KAVA%20%E2%80%94%20How%20to%20Stake%20%24KAVA%20Tokens%20with%20Luganodes%22&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.luganodes.com%2Fblog%2FKAVASG%2F)[](https://www.linkedin.com/sharing/share-
offsite/?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.luganodes.com%2Fblog%2FKAVASG%2F&title=KAVA%20%E2%80%94%20How%20to%20Stake%20%24KAVA%20Tokens%20with%20Luganodes&summary=Check%20out%20this%20blog%20by%20Luganodes%20-%20%22KAVA%20%E2%80%94%20How%20to%20Stake%20%24KAVA%20Tokens%20with%20Luganodes%22)

# Introduction:

Kava Network is a groundbreaking Layer-1 blockchain that combines the best of
Ethereum and Cosmos SDK.

In this guide, we’ll show you how to delegate your $KAVA tokens with Luganodes
and start earning rewards in a few simple steps.

# Validator Details:

**Validator Name:** Luganodes

**Operator Address:** kavavaloper1zw8ce44kdqzfu0r2t9qwr75gqdcarclf9fj9lt

**Blockchain Explorer Link for the Validator:**
<https://www.mintscan.io/kava/validators/kavavaloper1zw8ce44kdqzfu0r2t9qwr75gqdcarclf9fj9lt>

# Unbonding Period:

  * Unbonding period is a timeframe in which the funds are locked when you unstake them
  * The **unbonding period** on **KAVA** chain is **21-days** , after which you can finalize the withdrawal, and the undelegated amount will be transferred to your available balance.

# Step-by-Step Staking Guide:

*In this guide we’ll be using [Keplr Dashboard](https://wallet.keplr.app/) to stake $KAVA tokens

**Step 1 — Set up your** [**Keplr Wallet**](https://www.keplr.app/download)

  * Head over to the official [Keplr Wallet](https://www.keplr.app/download) site to download the wallet

![2_YJoZPCHp7kp-eF7UgxbEIw.webp](https://better-
triumph-f08c8a30a5.media.strapiapp.com/2_Y_Jo_ZPC_Hp7kp_e_F7_Ugxb_E_Iw_ac386d41a9.webp)

  * For this staking guide, we’ll be using the [Keplr wallet chrome](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/keplr/dmkamcknogkgcdfhhbddcghachkejeap?hl=en) extension

![3_PI6WJjBtJBA2yWdAAr-lFQ.webp](https://better-
triumph-f08c8a30a5.media.strapiapp.com/3_PI_6_W_Jj_Bt_JBA_2y_Wd_A_Ar_l_FQ_1f8e057128.webp)

  * Once you’ve installed and set up your wallet, add $KAVA tokens to it and head over to the [Keplr Dashboard](https://wallet.keplr.app/)

![4_PySbNA_miT9vm0a4JbKbgg.webp](https://better-
triumph-f08c8a30a5.media.strapiapp.com/4_Py_Sb_NA_mi_T9vm0a4_Jb_Kbgg_acf7d2e2eb.webp)

**Step 2— Select KAVA chain**

  * Once you’re on the Keplr Dashboard, head over to **Chains** ![5_T_iV91LPHs4aC6KZBXLvRQ.webp](https://better-triumph-f08c8a30a5.media.strapiapp.com/5_T_i_V91_LP_Hs4a_C6_KZBX_Lv_RQ_a1c1b7617a.webp)

  * Search for KAVA and select the chain

![6_T_iV91LPHs4aC6KZBXLvRQ.webp](https://better-
triumph-f08c8a30a5.media.strapiapp.com/6_T_i_V91_LP_Hs4a_C6_KZBX_Lv_RQ_dddd3a6a5f.webp)
**Step 3— Select your Validator**

  * Once you’ve selected KAVA chain, under staking search for **Luganodes**

![7_A1fHE1DTm7cpn341tLUAfA.webp](https://better-
triumph-f08c8a30a5.media.strapiapp.com/7_A1f_HE_1_D_Tm7cpn341t_LU_Af_A_19c1fbf7df.webp)

  * Select **Delegate**

![8_cJvA4_vqLtlc1GX5Oh73Qg.webp](https://better-
triumph-f08c8a30a5.media.strapiapp.com/8_c_Jv_A4_vq_Ltlc1_GX_5_Oh73_Qg_3f93136782.webp)
**Step 4— Select the amount of tokens you want to stake and confirm the
transaction**

  * Once you’ve selected your Validator, enter the amount of tokens you want to delegate

![9_2TONH7vRPBwWxqTK5Q0wTA.webp](https://better-
triumph-f08c8a30a5.media.strapiapp.com/9_2_TONH_7v_RP_Bw_Wxq_TK_5_Q0w_TA_48c40485db.webp)

  * Approve the transaction

![10_dSWYjFnYetAxnBigThGWzA.webp](https://better-
triumph-f08c8a30a5.media.strapiapp.com/10_d_SW_Yj_Fn_Yet_Axn_Big_Th_G_Wz_A_1416055dbd.webp)

  * Once you’ve approved the transaction, you can see your staked tokens and your validator details on the dashboard

![11_ExTqipdqDKNDCfpaR00UTQ.webp](https://better-
triumph-f08c8a30a5.media.strapiapp.com/11_Ex_Tqipdq_DKND_Cfpa_R00_UTQ_a033ad122c.webp)

# Step-by-Step Unstaking Guide:

> Please note that Unbonding period on KAVA chain is 21 days and your assets
> won’t be generating any rewards during that time

**Step 1 — Log in to your Keplr Wallet**

  * Log in to your Keplr Wallet and head over to the Keplr dashboard you used during the staking process above

![12_Vj9AMpj9QEupykMkwUj4nQ.webp](https://better-
triumph-f08c8a30a5.media.strapiapp.com/12_Vj9_A_Mpj9_Q_Eupyk_Mkw_Uj4n_Q_498514adc8.webp)

  * Here you can see your validator details and staked amount, select the validator you want to unstake your KAVA tokens from

![13_D-mfXA7v4aV__SUohc6srw.webp](https://better-
triumph-f08c8a30a5.media.strapiapp.com/13_D_mf_XA_7v4a_V_S_Uohc6srw_1452e8206f.webp)
**Step 2— Unstake your assets**

  * Enter the amount of tokens you want to unstake/undelegate

![14_-JYHIVQnSlkBP9qKUGYyhw.webp](https://better-
triumph-f08c8a30a5.media.strapiapp.com/14_JYHIV_Qn_Slk_BP_9q_KUG_Yyhw_00959a1f4a.webp)

  * Approve the transaction

![15_Yp1Aas6tbKlDgkFXA2N5-A.webp](https://better-
triumph-f08c8a30a5.media.strapiapp.com/15_Yp1_Aas6tb_Kl_Dgk_FXA_2_N5_A_fedb3fe84d.webp)

  * Once you’ve confirmed the transaction, you can see you assets in the Pending unstake which you can withdraw/claim after the unbonding period is over ![16_3N896TlkeTaGgXfjuwd22w.webp](https://better-triumph-f08c8a30a5.media.strapiapp.com/16_3_N896_Tlke_Ta_Gg_Xfjuwd22w_92a8f6959a.webp)

## About Luganodes

Luganodes is a world-class, Swiss-operated, non-custodial blockchain
infrastructure provider that has rapidly gained recognition in the industry
for offering institutional-grade services. It was born out of the Lugano Plan
B Program, an initiative driven by Tether and the City of Lugano. Luganodes
maintains an exceptional 99.9% uptime with round-the-clock monitoring by SRE
experts. With support for 40+ PoS networks, it ranks among the top validators
on Polygon, Polkadot, Sui, and Tron. Luganodes prioritizes security and
compliance, holding the distinction of being one of the first staking
providers to adhere to all SOC 2 Type II, GDPR, and ISO 27001 standards as
well as offering Chainproof insurance to institutional clients.

Staking Guides

[![](data:image/svg+xml;charset=utf-8,%3Csvg%20height='281'%20width='500'%20xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%20version='1.1'%3E%3C/svg%3E)![](data:image/png;base64,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)![Blog
thumbnail](/static/22b8ef4af783d1be013027de0af704eb/86bab/EIGEN_b3006e7c3b.png)![Blog
thumbnail](/static/22b8ef4af783d1be013027de0af704eb/86bab/EIGEN_b3006e7c3b.png)[Guides](/blog/?interval=3&category=Guides)EigenLayer
— How to Claim & Stake $EIGEN Tokens with LuganodesThis guide outlines the
procedures for claiming and staking $EIGEN tokens with Luganodes, following
EigenLayer's new token launch. It provides step-by-step instructions for users
to participate in the staking process effectively.15 May, 20244 min
read](/blog/eigenSG/)[![](data:image/svg+xml;charset=utf-8,%3Csvg%20height='281'%20width='500'%20xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%20version='1.1'%3E%3C/svg%3E)![](data:image/png;base64,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)![Blog
thumbnail](/static/9a20e544cf2d9d7882987abf3b31fede/86bab/stacking_9d77bef22c.png)![Blog
thumbnail](/static/9a20e544cf2d9d7882987abf3b31fede/86bab/stacking_9d77bef22c.png)[Guides](/blog/?interval=3&category=Guides)
Stacks — How to Stack $STX with LuganodesExplore the benefits of Stacking on
Stacks L2 with this guide, detailing how to securely stack STX tokens using
Luganodes, and maximize returns on the Stacks blockchain. Perfect for
enhancing your crypto investments.5 May, 20244 min read](/blog/StacksSG/)

[View all posts](/blog)

Subscribe to get our latest updates!

New products & networks supported, staking research, blog updates, and
exclusive offers directly in your inbox.

Email

Staker Type

Type of Staker

By subscribing, I accept the [privacy policy](/privacypolicy).Subscribe

## Suggested  
articles

### Stay up to date

[Read All](/blog/?category=Guides)

[![](data:image/svg+xml;charset=utf-8,%3Csvg%20height='844'%20width='1500'%20xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%20version='1.1'%3E%3C/svg%3E)![](data:image/png;base64,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)![Blog
image](/static/ca3a61912a5670dc933267f568f44ed3/64737/Staking_Guide_aptos_7f0a29eb11.png)![Blog
image](/static/ca3a61912a5670dc933267f568f44ed3/64737/Staking_Guide_aptos_7f0a29eb11.png)GuidesAptos
— How to Stake $APT Tokens with LuganodesAptos is a layer 1 blockchain built
with the Move programming language. It promises users increased scalability,
reliability, security, and usability, with low transaction costs. In this
guide, we’ll show you how to delegate your $APT tokens with Luganodes and
start earning rewards in a few simple
steps.](/blog/APTSG)[![](data:image/svg+xml;charset=utf-8,%3Csvg%20height='844'%20width='1500'%20xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%20version='1.1'%3E%3C/svg%3E)![](data:image/png;base64,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)![Blog
image](/static/8136906e65429584ed05b230a1bdb045/64737/Staking_Guide_avalance_fcf7c83454.png)![Blog
image](/static/8136906e65429584ed05b230a1bdb045/64737/Staking_Guide_avalance_fcf7c83454.png)GuidesAvalanche
— How to Stake $AVAX Tokens with LuganodesAvalanche is an open-sourced and
smart contracts compatible platform created to develop decentralized
applications (dApps) and enterprise blockchain protocols. In this guide, we’ll
show you how to delegate your $AVAX tokens with Luganodes and start earning
rewards in a few simple
steps.](/blog/AVAXSG)[![](data:image/svg+xml;charset=utf-8,%3Csvg%20height='843'%20width='1500'%20xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%20version='1.1'%3E%3C/svg%3E)![](data:image/png;base64,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)![Blog
image](/static/7d6622aeb2275598efe7f5add6b4b8e2/e30c5/Staking_Guide_sui_a015bf2ac0.png)![Blog
image](/static/7d6622aeb2275598efe7f5add6b4b8e2/e30c5/Staking_Guide_sui_a015bf2ac0.png)GuidesSUI
— How to Stake $SUI Tokens with LuganodesSui is a scalable smart contract
platform with low-latency and asset-centric adaptation written in Move. In
this guide, we’ll show you how to delegate your $SUI tokens with Luganodes and
start earning rewards in a few simple
steps.](/blog/SUISG)[![](data:image/svg+xml;charset=utf-8,%3Csvg%20height='844'%20width='1500'%20xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%20version='1.1'%3E%3C/svg%3E)![](data:image/png;base64,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)![Blog
image](/static/2d1b276cefa8f950b4e309b2c3f34041/64737/Staking_Guide_multiversx_d6c5720794.png)![Blog
image](/static/2d1b276cefa8f950b4e309b2c3f34041/64737/Staking_Guide_multiversx_d6c5720794.png)GuidesMultiversX
— How to Stake $EGLD Tokens with LuganodesHow to Stake $EGLD Tokens with
Luganodes](/blog/EGLDSG)[![](data:image/svg+xml;charset=utf-8,%3Csvg%20height='844'%20width='1500'%20xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%20version='1.1'%3E%3C/svg%3E)![](data:image/png;base64,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)![Blog
image](/static/758885d82fbadc31541e62e65ff7740e/64737/image_124_87c5963afc.png)![Blog
image](/static/758885d82fbadc31541e62e65ff7740e/64737/image_124_87c5963afc.png)GuidesbitsCrunch
— How to Stake $BCUT Tokens with LuganodesDive into the future of blockchain
analytics by staking your $BCUT tokens with Luganodes, leveraging BitsCrunch's
AI-powered insights for rewards. Follow our simple guide to contribute to
network security and earn in just a few steps.](/blog/BCUTSG)

![](data:image/svg+xml;charset=utf-8,%3Csvg%20height='269'%20width='632'%20xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%20version='1.1'%3E%3C/svg%3E)

![Line
pattern](/static/c1a2eb9200e441157c01110f2f463004/3d614/linepattern3.svg)![Line
pattern](/static/c1a2eb9200e441157c01110f2f463004/3d614/linepattern3.svg)

[![White
logo](data:image/svg+xml;base64,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)](/)Secure
staking with leading blockchain infrastructure provider

LN Tech FZE,  
Saif Suite X3-46,  
SAIF Zone, Sharjah, UAE

[![](data:image/svg+xml;charset=utf-8,%3Csvg%20height='288'%20width='462'%20xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%20version='1.1'%3E%3C/svg%3E)![Verified
badge](/static/6ba07c96436f2c9565f80d24555d7bac/edf67/vsp-pro.svg)![Verified
badge](/static/6ba07c96436f2c9565f80d24555d7bac/edf67/vsp-
pro.svg)](https://www.stakingrewards.com/savings/luganodes/)

Products[Staking](/product/staking/)

[EigenLayer Staking](/product/eigenlayer/)

[zkRaaS](/product/zkraas/)

[Staking API](/product/stakingapi/)

[Managed Nodes](/product/managednodes/)

[Terminal](/product/luganodesterminal/)

ResourceClient Types

[Custodian](/client/custodian/)[Exchanges](/client/exchanges/)[Investors
(VCs)](/client/investors/)

Case Studies

[CoinList](/case-study/Coinlist_CS/)[Bitfinex](/case-study/Bitfinex_CS/)

[Blog](/blog/)

[Staking Guides](/blog/?interval=3&category=Guides#blog-list)

[Newsletter](/#signup)

[Docs](https://docs.luganodes.com/)

Company[About us](/aboutus/)

[Get in Touch](/#getInTouch)

[Security](https://security.luganodes.com/)

Social[Twitter](https://twitter.com/luganodes)

[LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/company/luganodes/)

[Telegram](https://t.me/luganodesofficial/)

[Medium](https://medium.com/luganodes)

[YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/@luganodes)

[Terms of use](/termsofservice/)[Privacy Policy](/privacypolicy/)

© 2024 Luganodes | All rights reserved

[Terms of use](/termsofservice/)[Privacy Policy](/privacypolicy/)

