Contact us

Thank you

Your submission has been received. We will reach out to you soon.

[Chainalysis](/)

  * Solutions
  * Customers
  * Services
  * Insights
  * Company
  * [Log in](https://app.chainalysis.com/login/)[Request a demo](https://www.chainalysis.com/request-a-demo/)

  * [Crypto Investigations](/solution/crypto-investigations/)Employ industry leading blockchain intelligence to tackle crypto challenges

  * [Web3 Growth](/solution/web3-growth/)Leverage on-chain user insights to boost engagement and success

  * [Crypto Risk](/solution/crypto-risk/)Delivering effective risk management solutions for regulatory compliance and operational safety

[Free Sanctions Screening](/free-cryptocurrency-sanctions-screening-
tools/)Avoid interaction with sanctioned activity

  * [Blockchain Intelligence](/blockchain-intelligence/)

Power your blockchain technology needs with industry-leading intelligence

[Transpose](/transpose/)Lightning fast, indexed blockchain data

  * [Chainalysis Platform](/platform/)Enterprise ready infrastructure for blockchain analysis solutions

Industries

  * [Law Enforcement](/law-enforcement/)Detect, disrupt, and deter crypto crime with blockchain insights

[Regulators](/regulators/)Protect consumers, establish safe markets, and
maintain financial stability

[Tax Agencies](/tax-agencies/)Administer, implement, and enforce tax policies
for digital assets

  * [Financial Institutions](/financial-institutions/)Generate new revenue opportunities with digital assets

[Centralized Exchanges](/centralized-exchanges/)Optimize crypto exchange
operations through data insights

  * [Consumer Brands](/consumer-brands/)Start your seamless transition into web3

[Decentralized Finance](/solutions/defi/)Scale projects securely with low-lift
integrations

[Customer Stories](/customer-stories/)

  * [![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/10/ct-state-police-featured-thumbnail.png)Connecticut State Police safeguards citizens from digital crimes](https://www.chainalysis.com/customer-stories/facing-crypto-crime-in-connecticut/)[![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/10/morabanc-featured-thumbnail.png)Morabanc serves as trusted entry point to world of digital assets](https://www.chainalysis.com/customer-stories/morabanc/)

  * [Investigations & Special Programs](/crypto-investigations-and-special-programs/)Professional investigators providing forensic analysis to resolve cybersecurity breaches and trace stolen funds
  * [Training & Certification](/chainalysis-certification-programs/)

Equip yourself with the knowledge needed to navigate cryptocurrency
confidently

  * [Chainalysis Academy ](https://academy.chainalysis.com/)

Get started with short training courses

  * [Blog](/blog/)[Crime](/blog/category/crime/)[Markets](/blog/category/markets/)[Policy & Regulation](/blog/category/policy-and-regulation/)[Crypto Basics](/blog/category/crypto-basics/)[Chainalysis in Action](/blog/category/chainalysis-in-action/)[Company News](/blog/category/company-news/)
  * [Webinars](/webinars/)View upcoming and on-demand webinars from our experts and industry leaders.[Podcast](/blog/category/podcast/)Public Key is the cryptocurrency and compliance podcast.[Chainalysis Links](/links-nyc/)The digital asset event where the public and private sectors meet.
  * [Reports](/reports/)

[![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/02/thumbnail-crime-
report.png)The 2024 Crypto Crime Report](https://go.chainalysis.com/crypto-
crime-2024.html)[![Geos report thumbnail image, and abstracted map with a
generic bar chart](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-
content/uploads/2024/01/thumbnail-geos-2023.png)The 2023 Geography of
Cryptocurrency Report](https://go.chainalysis.com/geography-of-
cryptocurrency-2023.html)

  * [Why Chainalysis](/why-chainalysis/)Turn blockchain transactions into insights and risk into compliance.
  * [About Chainalysis](/company/)Chainalysis is the blockchain data platform.
  * [Careers](/careers/)Chainalysis is growing fast, globally. Join us today.
  * [Chainalysis Government Solutions](/government/)[Partner Directory](https://partner.chainalysis.com/English/directory/)[Become a Partner](https://partner.chainalysis.com/English/)

[Chainalysis](/)

  * Solutions
  * Customers
  * Services
  * Insights
  * Company
  * [Log in](https://app.chainalysis.com/login/)[Request a demo](https://www.chainalysis.com/request-a-demo/)

Back arrow

Solutions

    * [Crypto Investigations](/solution/crypto-investigations/)
    * [Crypto Risk](/solution/crypto-risk/)
    * [Free Sanctions Screening](/free-cryptocurrency-sanctions-screening-tools/)
    * [Web3 Growth](/solution/web3-growth/)
    * [Blockchain Intelligence](/blockchain-intelligence/)
    * [Transpose](/transpose/)
    * * * *

    * [Chainalysis Platform](/platform/)

Back arrow

Customers

    * [Law Enforcement](/law-enforcement/)
    * [Regulators](/regulators/)
    * [Tax Agencies](/tax-agencies/)
    * [Financial Institutions](/financial-institutions/)
    * [Centralized Exchanges](/centralized-exchanges/)
    * [Consumer Brands](/consumer-brands/)
    * [Decentralized Finance](/solutions/defi/)
    * * * *

    * [Customer Stories](/customer-stories/)

Back arrow

Services

    * [Investigations & Special ProgramsProfessional investigators providing forensic analysis to resolve cybersecurity breaches and trace stolen funds](/crypto-investigations-and-special-programs/)
    * [Training & CertificationEquip yourself with the knowledge needed to navigate cryptocurrency confidently](/chainalysis-certification-programs/)
    * [Chainalysis AcademyGet started with short training courses](https://academy.chainalysis.com/)

Back arrow

Insights

    * [Blog](https://www.chainalysis.com/blog/)[Crime](/blog/category/crime/)[Markets](/blog/category/markets/)[Policy & Regulation](/blog/category/policy-and-regulation/)[Crypto Basics](/blog/category/crypto-basics/)[Chainalysis in Action](/blog/category/chainalysis-in-action/)[Company News](/blog/category/company-news/)
    * [Webinars](/webinars/)
    * [Podcast](/blog/category/podcast/)
    * [Chainalysis Links](/links-nyc/)
    * [Reports](/reports/)

Back arrow

Company

    * [Why ChainalysisTurn blockchain transactions into insights and risk into compliance](/why-chainalysis/)
    * [About ChainalysisChainalysis is the blockchain data platform.](/company/)
    * [CareersChainalysis is growing fast, globally. Join us today.](/careers/)
    * [Chainalysis Government Solutions](/government/)
    * [Partner Directory](https://partner.chainalysis.com/English/directory/)
    * [Become a Partner](https://partner.chainalysis.com/English/)

# Careers at Chainalysis

Chainalysis is the world’s leading blockchain analytics company. We create
transparency for a global economy built on blockchains, enabling more
financial freedom and less risk. Join us today.

[ View open positions ](/careers/job-openings/)

![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/10/life-at-
chainalysis-200.jpg)

## [Life at Chainalysis ](https://player.vimeo.com/video/734124257)

## Our Mission

Blockchain technology is transformative. It is expanding the global economy in
a fundamentally more equitable way, unlocking opportunities for more people
around the world to access wealth and information. The transformation has
begun with the mass global adoption of cryptocurrencies, but like all new
financial systems, it needs greater trust to realize its full potential.
That’s where we come in.

Businesses, governments, and banks use our solutions to investigate movement,
manage risk, and grow their business, paving the way for an economy built on
blockchains. Join this critical mission of safer, global financial freedom.

[ About us ](/company/)

900+  Employees

12  Global offices

![2023 Best Places to Work award](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-
content/uploads/2023/01/2023bptw-generalbadgeyear-fullcolor.svg)

## The future of work

We’ve always known that a hybrid model is the most equitable and inclusive
environment for all employees, especially across our global offices.
Regardless of region, timezone, office, or home, we prioritize a balance of
work and life.

At Chainalysis, you work with your manager to choose the Employee Squad that
fits you best. Each squad has different perks, but regardless of Squad, you’ll
benefit from a flexible work from home policy.

**@Office**  
If you’re part of our @office squad, you have work from home flexibility, but
are a commutable distance from an office. You’ll get a desk with your team,
and enjoy those in-person perks such as casual chats at the coffee machine,
celebrating birthdays/anniversaries/wins in-person, and a kitchen filled with
complimentary snacks and catered office lunches.

**@Remote**  
If you’re a member of the @remote squad, you have experience working remotely
and are familiar with the challenges and opportunities of remote life. You’ll
get a stipend to set up your home office, and have opportunities to visit our
global offices to ensure you experience in-person moments and celebrations.

### [Work from anywhere ](https://player.vimeo.com/video/734124539)

## Inclusion at Chainalysis

At Chainalysis, we know that diversity is our superpower. Chainalysis
employees mirror the world, as well as our customer base, across gender, race,
abilities, identity, cognitivity, and more. Employees join us from different
industries – from tech giants to government agencies, financial institutions,
and everything in between, all drawn to our mission, regardless of background.
The Chainalysis team is intersectional, inspiring, and inclusive, and we want
you to be a part of it.

### Our Values

01

###  Build Trust

Take every chance to build trust in your team, Chainalysis and the industry

02

###  Earn the Right

Don’t rest on your laurels, we re-earn our rights every day

03

###  Rigor

Question everything, be data-driven and deliver high quality work

04

###  Team First

Success comes through collaboration

05

###  Strong Convictions, Loosely Held

Act on today’s information, not yesterday’s

![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-
content/themes/chainalysis/static/images/map.svg)

## Build trust without borders

Chainalysis is building trust in the blockchains that underpin a new, digital
economy grounded in fairness and access to opportunity. To build a new global
economy, we need a global company. With employees in America, EMEA, APAC, and
LATAM, our employees around the world bring diversity of thought, region, and
experience to our mission.

[ Hear from our EMEA team  ](https://player.vimeo.com/video/734124889)

[ Hear from our North America team
](https://player.vimeo.com/video/734125351)

[ Hear from our Asia Pacific team  ](https://player.vimeo.com/video/734125120)

Latin America team

## R&D at Chainalysis

Research and Development at Chainalysis plays a central role in ensuring that
blockchains are used for clean purposes. Our data analytics platform is the
basis for our suite of investigation and compliance solutions and for our
global investigations into fraud, human trafficking, money laundering, and
other illicit activity involving cryptocurrencies. With the largest blockchain
data set around, we are the foundation to building a new, safe global economy
built on blockchains.

![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/08/photo-r-and-d-at-
chainalysis.jpg)

### [R&D at Chainalysis ](https://player.vimeo.com/video/734124431)

## Go-to-market at Chainalysis

The GTM teams at Chainalysis are at the forefront of helping private sector
agencies, financial regulators, tax authorities, cyber companies, crypto
businesses and financial institutions understand how illicit activity is
transacted on blockchains. They identify and work with 1,000 customers in 70+
countries to provide solutions that help identify bad actors on blockchains
and build a safe new economy for all consumers.

![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/08/careers-gtm-
couch.jpg)

### [Go-to-market at Chainalysis ](https://player.vimeo.com/video/734124747)

## Benefits

We know that when you feel supported at home, you flourish at work. That’s why
we’ve carefully selected perks and benefits that enable you to support
yourself, your family, and your community, and we trust you to take full
advantage of them.

![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/08/icon-vacation.svg)

###  Vacation

We offer generous paid vacation and sick time, with all global offices also
closing for the December holidays.

![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/08/icon-parental-
leave.svg)

###  Parental Leave

All Chainalysis parents — biological, adoptive, and foster — receive generous
paid leave to capture precious moments and spend quality time with their
family.

![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/08/icon-education.svg)

###  Crypto Education + Purchasing Perk

You don’t have to know about crypto to work here, we will teach you all you
need to know! That starts with education on the blockchain basics and a crypto
purchasing perk so you can experience how it works first hand.

![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/08/icon-wellness.svg)

###  360 Wellness

To keep you feeling your best — mentally and physically — you’ll get access to
virtual therapists, meditation, along with the ability to take days off for
your mental wellbeing.

![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/08/icon-pro-
development.svg)

###  Professional Development

Whether you’re leading a team or just starting your career, learning never
stops. We want you to always have the opportunity to develop, and we offer
generous annual reimbursement for all employees to use annually.

![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/08/icon-remote.svg)

###  Remote Benefits

Build the home office that enables your best work with a monthly WFH
reimbursement and office-build out stipend, but don’t forget to fly to a
Chainalysis office during the year for one of the sponsored trips you receive
as a remote employee.

![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/08/icon-days-of-
reflection.svg)

###  Days of Reflection

A Chainalysis tradition, Days of Reflection are intentional company-wide days
of reflection designed around International Women’s Day, Harvey Milk Day,
Juneteenth, World Humanitarian Day, and UN International Migrants Day. With
education and internal programming, we offer the opportunity to learn more
about and invest in our communities.

![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/08/icon-medical.svg)

###  Medical, Dental & Vision

To support you and your family in all scenarios, we offer low-to-no cost
medical, dental, and vision plans that are available on Day 1 — so your health
doesn’t have to wait.

[ View open positions ](/careers/job-openings/)

## In the news

[ ![WIRED Magazine](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/08/media-wired-logo.png)
](https://www.wired.com/story/tracers-in-the-dark-welcome-to-video-crypto-
anonymity-myth/) [ ![Fast Company](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/08/media-fast-company-logo.png)
](https://www.fastcompany.com/90756505/the-8-billion-crypto-unicorn-that-
crypto-loves-to-hate) [ ![Bloomberg](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/09/logo-bloomberg-1.png)
](https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2022-09-21/crypto-tracer-
chainalysis-busts-bitcoin-btc-anonymity)

## Equal Employment Opportunity & Accommodation

Building an inclusive digital economy takes an inclusive workforce. We
encourage applicants across any race, ethnicity, gender/gender expression,
age, spirituality, ability, experience and more. Additionally, if you need any
accommodations to make our interview process more accessible to you due to a
disability, don’t hesitate to let us know. We can’t wait to meet you.

Learn more about how [we protect applicant
privacy](https://www.chainalysis.com/applicant-privacy-policy/).

Subscribe to our weekly newsletter

Thank you for subscribing to the Chainalysis weekly newsletter.

Solutions

  * [Platform](https://www.chainalysis.com/platform/)
  * [Crypto Investigations Solution](https://www.chainalysis.com/solution/crypto-investigations/)
  * [Crypto Risk Solution](https://www.chainalysis.com/solution/crypto-risk/)
  * [Web3 Growth Solution ](https://www.chainalysis.com/solution/web3-growth/)
  * [Blockchain Intelligence](https://www.chainalysis.com/blockchain-intelligence/)
  * [Transpose](https://www.chainalysis.com/transpose/)
  * [Free Sanctions Screening](https://www.chainalysis.com/free-cryptocurrency-sanctions-screening-tools/)

Industries

  * [Law Enforcement](https://www.chainalysis.com/law-enforcement/)
  * [Centralized Exchanges](https://www.chainalysis.com/centralized-exchanges/)
  * [Financial Institutions](https://www.chainalysis.com/financial-institutions/)
  * [Tax Agencies](https://www.chainalysis.com/tax-agencies/)
  * [Regulators](https://www.chainalysis.com/regulators/)
  * [Decentralized Finance](https://www.chainalysis.com/solutions/defi/)
  * [Consumer Brands](https://www.chainalysis.com/consumer-brands/)

Careers

  * [Open Positions](https://www.chainalysis.com/careers/job-openings/)

Company

  * [About Us](https://www.chainalysis.com/company/)
  * [Chainalysis Partner Locator](https://partner.chainalysis.com/english/directory/)
  * [Become a Chainalysis Partner](https://partner.chainalysis.com/English/)

Contact Us

  * [Sales](mailto:sales@chainalysis.com)
  * [Media](mailto:media@chainalysis.com)

Resources

  * [Blog](https://www.chainalysis.com/blog/)
  * [Webinars](https://www.chainalysis.com/webinars/)
  * [Podcast](https://www.chainalysis.com/blog/category/podcast/)
  * [Reports](https://www.chainalysis.com/reports/)

Services

  * [Investigations & Special Programs](https://www.chainalysis.com/crypto-investigations-and-special-programs/)
  * [Training & Certification](https://www.chainalysis.com/chainalysis-certification-programs/)

[![Chainalysis Linkedin](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/11/icon-linkedin-
lightblue.svg)](https://www.linkedin.com/company/chainalysis/)[![Chainalysis
Twitter](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/10/icon-footer-
twitter-x-blue.svg)](https://twitter.com/chainalysis)[![Chainalysis
YouTube](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/11/icon-youtube-
lightblue.svg)](https://www.youtube.com/c/Chainalysis)[![Chainalysis
Telegram](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/03/icon-
telegram-lightblue.svg)](https://t.me/chainalysisinc)

© 2024, Chainalysis

  * [Privacy Policy](https://www.chainalysis.com/privacy-policy/)

  * [Legal](https://www.chainalysis.com/legal/)

Change region

  * [English](https://www.chainalysis.com/careers/)

![websights](https://ws.zoominfo.com/pixel/Na6GzfmL0i0pW4qWYEKS)
![](https://cdn.bizible.com/ipv?_biz_r=&_biz_h=-417244810&_biz_u=28132e3c24ee4b67fa563b0bb0d20887&_biz_l=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.chainalysis.com%2Fcareers%2F&_biz_t=1716906597472&_biz_i=Chainalysis%20Careers&_biz_n=0&rnd=586604&cdn_o=a&_biz_z=1716906597472)![](https://cdn.bizibly.com/u?_biz_u=28132e3c24ee4b67fa563b0bb0d20887&_biz_l=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.chainalysis.com%2Fcareers%2F&_biz_t=1716906597473&_biz_i=Chainalysis%20Careers&rnd=701142&cdn_o=a&_biz_z=1716906597473)

![](https://bat.bing.com/action/0?ti=136016409&tm=gtm002&Ver=2&mid=93de4a58-77cf-4ba9-b7e2-770ecf4c9856&sid=c21e83601cfe11ef9504c98722dc2195&vid=c21e7e601cfe11ef9a17d34f94e9ef6d&vids=1&msclkid=N&pi=918639831&lg=en-
US&sw=800&sh=600&sc=24&tl=Chainalysis%20Careers&p=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.chainalysis.com%2Fcareers%2F&r=&evt=pageLoad&sv=1&rn=969357)

![](https://t.co/i/adsct?bci=3&eci=2&event_id=d2afd4b6-1d41-419c-a0e4-465d22fb4b7d&events=%5B%5B%22pageview%22%2C%7B%7D%5D%5D&integration=advertiser&p_id=Twitter&p_user_id=0&pl_id=c4ba3dc2-0da4-43a3-be1d-32ffba0f86ae&tw_document_href=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.chainalysis.com%2Fcareers%2F&tw_iframe_status=0&tw_order_quantity=0&tw_sale_amount=0&txn_id=o942f&type=javascript&version=2.3.30)![](https://analytics.twitter.com/i/adsct?bci=3&eci=2&event_id=d2afd4b6-1d41-419c-a0e4-465d22fb4b7d&events=%5B%5B%22pageview%22%2C%7B%7D%5D%5D&integration=advertiser&p_id=Twitter&p_user_id=0&pl_id=c4ba3dc2-0da4-43a3-be1d-32ffba0f86ae&tw_document_href=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.chainalysis.com%2Fcareers%2F&tw_iframe_status=0&tw_order_quantity=0&tw_sale_amount=0&txn_id=o942f&type=javascript&version=2.3.30)

## Cookies

When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your
browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you,
your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as
you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but
it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your
right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on
the different category headings to find out more and change our default
settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience
of the site and the services we are able to offer.  
[More information](https://www.chainalysis.com/privacy-policy/)

Allow All

###  Manage Consent Preferences

#### Strictly Necessary Cookies

Always Active

Strictly Necessary Cookies

These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched
off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by
you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy
preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block
or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then
work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.

#### Performance Cookies

Performance Cookies

These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure
and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are
the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All
information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If
you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our
site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.

#### Functional Cookies

Functional Cookies

These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and
personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose
services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then
some or all of these services may not function properly.

#### Targeting Cookies

Targeting Cookies

These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They
may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show
you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal
information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet
device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted
advertising.

Confirm My Choices

[](https://www.onetrust.com/products/cookie-consent/)

Back Button

Back

### Performance Cookies

Vendor Search Search Icon Filter Icon

Clear Filters

Information storage and access

Apply

Consent Leg.Interest

All Consent Allowed

Select All Vendors

Select All Vendors

All Consent Allowed

Confirm My Choices

[](https://www.onetrust.com/products/cookie-consent/)

When you visit our website, it may store or retrieve information on your
browser, mostly in the form of cookies. By clicking “Accept All Cookies”, you
agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation,
analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts. Because we respect
your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies.
Click on the "Cookie Settings" to find out more and change our default
settings.

Cookies Settings Accept All Cookies

