[](https://www.binance.com/en)

[Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/crypto/buy)

[Markets](https://www.binance.com/en/markets/overview)

Trade

Basic

  * [SpotBuy and sell on the Spot market with advanced tools](https://www.binance.com/en/trade/BTC_USDT?type=spot)
  * [MarginIncrease your profits with leverage](https://www.binance.com/en/trade?type=cross)
  * [P2PBuy & sell cryptocurrencies using bank transfer and 800+ options](https://p2p.binance.com/en)
  * [Convert & Block TradeThe easiest way to trade at all sizes](https://www.binance.com/en/convert)

Advanced

  * [Trading BotsTrade smarter with our various automated strategies - easy, fast and reliable](https://www.binance.com/en/trading-bots)
  * [Copy TradingFollow the most popular traders](https://www.binance.com/en/copy-trading)
  * [APIsUnlimited opportunities with one key](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-api)

[Futures](https://www.binance.com/en/futures/home)

  * [USDⓈ-M FuturesContracts settled in USDT and USDC](https://www.binance.com/en/futures)
  * [COIN-M FuturesContracts settled in cryptocurrency](https://www.binance.com/en/delivery)
  * [OptionsUSDT Options with limited downside and affordable entry](https://www.binance.com/en/eoptions)

[Earn](https://www.binance.com/en/earn)

[Square](https://www.binance.com/en/square)

  * [SquareStay informed with everything crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/square)
  * [Academy (Learn & Earn)Earn crypto by learning about blockchain](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn)
  * [BlogExpand your knowledge and get the latest insights](https://www.binance.com/en/blog)
  * [ResearchInstitutional-grade analysis, in-depth insights, and more](https://www.binance.com/en/research)

More

  * [VIP & InstitutionalYour trusted digital asset platform for VIPs and institutions](https://www.binance.com/en/vip-institutional-services)
  * [Launchpad & LaunchpoolDiscover and gain access to new token launches](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)
  * [MegadropLock your BNB and complete Web3 quests for boosted airdrop rewards](https://www.binance.com/en/megadrop)
  * [Mining PoolMine more rewards by connecting to the pool](https://pool.binance.com/en)
  * [PaySend, receive and spend crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/payment)
  * [LoansGet an instant loan secured by crypto assets](https://www.binance.com/en/loan)

  * [NFTExplore NFTs from creators worldwide](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/home)
  * [Fan TokenDiscover an all-new fandom and unlock unlimited fan experiences](https://www.binance.com/en/fan-token)
  * [Web3 WalletMeet the next-generation Web3 wallet](https://www.binance.com/en/web3wallet)
  * [BNB ChainThe most popular blockchain to build your own dApp](https://www.bnbchain.org)
  * [CharityBlockchain empowers charity to be more transparent, efficient, and traceable](https://www.binance.charity)

[Log
In](https://accounts.binance.com/en/login?loginChannel=SEO_page&return_to=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYmluYW5jZS5jb20vZW4vcHJpY2U%3D)[Sign
Up](https://accounts.binance.com/en/register?registerChannel=SEO_page&return_to=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYmluYW5jZS5jb20vZW4vcHJpY2U%3D)

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/images/common/logo.png)

Scan to Download App IOS & Android

[More Download
Options](https://www.binance.com/en/download?utm_source=&utm_campaign=)

Top 100 Crypto Prices by Market Cap

## About Crypto Prices

Cryptocurrency is a digital or virtual currency that uses cryptography for
security. It operates independently of central banks and governments. While
Bitcoin is the most popular cryptocurrency, top cryptocurrencies by market cap
include Ethereum, BNB, Litecoin, XRP, Dogecoin, among others.

The value of a cryptocurrency is determined by the interplay of supply and
demand on leading digital currency exchanges. Several elements influence
cryptocurrency’s prices, such as prevailing market sentiment, impactful news
events, noteworthy announcements, and shifts in regulatory stances. Given
these factors, the value of a cryptocurrency can fluctuate within brief
timeframes, making it a highly volatile investment.

### How can I predict cryptocurrency prices?

There is no definitive way to predict cryptocurrency prices as they are highly
volatile and influenced by a wide range of factors. Some methods analysts use
to predict prices include analyzing market trends and sentiment, studying
technical charts and indicators, and following news and developments in the
cryptocurrency industry. Additionally, Binance machine learning algorithms are
helpful when making [predictions](/en/price-prediction) about future crypto
prices. However, remember that while these methods may offer estimates on
future crypto prices and help you make informed decisions, they are in no way
definitive.

### How much is a cryptocurrency worth?

The value of a cryptocurrency is determined by supply and demand. The supply
of a cryptocurrency is limited by the number of coins that will ever be
created. The demand for a cryptocurrency is driven by a variety of factors,
including its perceived value, its utility, and the overall health of the
cryptocurrency market. The most valuable cryptocurrency is Bitcoin (BTC)
followed by the second most valuable cryptocurrency is Ethereum (ETH). Other
popular cryptocurrencies include Tether (USDT), BNB (BNB), XRP (XRP), among
others.

### What are the top crypto coins right now?

At the time of writing, the top crypto coins by market capitalization are:  

  1. Bitcoin (BTC)
  2. Ethereum (ETH)
  3. Tether (USDT)
  4. BNB (BNB)
  5. XRP (XRP)
  6. USD Coin (USDC)
  7. Cardano (ADA)
  8. Dogecoin (DOGE)
  9. Solana (SOL)
  10. TRON (TRX)

### What affects cryptocurrency prices?

  * Supply and demand: The basic economics principle of supply and demand plays a major role in determining cryptocurrency prices. If the demand for a particular cryptocurrency is high and its supply is limited, the price will likely increase.
  * Market sentiment: The overall sentiment of the market can also affect cryptocurrency prices. If investors are bullish, prices tend to rise. Conversely, if investors are bearish, prices tend to fall.
  * Regulation: Government regulations and laws can also influence cryptocurrency prices. If a government announces a crackdown on cryptocurrency trading, prices may drop. On the other hand, if a government announces plans to regulate or legitimize cryptocurrencies, prices may rise.
  * Media coverage: The media can also have a significant impact on cryptocurrency prices. Positive news coverage can boost prices, while negative coverage can lead to price declines.
  * Volatility: Cryptocurrency prices can be highly volatile, meaning they can fluctuate dramatically in a short period of time. A variety of factors can bring about such volatility, including market sentiment, regulations, and investor sentiment.
  * Adoption: The more businesses, merchants, and individuals start accepting and using cryptocurrencies for trade, the more their values and prices are likely to increase.

### How to read cryptocurrency price charts?

Reading cryptocurrency price charts begins with understanding its key
elements: price and volume. The vertical (Y) axis shows the price, while the
horizontal (X) axis denotes time. 'Candlestick' patterns show price movements
over specific periods, with the color denoting increase (usually green) or
decrease (usually red). Volume bars beneath indicate trading activity
intensity. Key indicators, like Moving Averages and Relative Strength Index
(RSI), can help interpret market trends and potential reversals.

### Why is crypto so volatile?

The volatility of cryptocurrencies is primarily influenced by factors such as
24/7 trading accessibility, liquidity challenges, speculation, and market
sentiment. Unlike traditional markets, crypto trading operates round-the-
clock, leading to more frequent price fluctuations. News-driven speculation
and regulatory changes can trigger immediate reactive trading. Limited coin
supply, like Bitcoin, also spurs demand-induced volatility.

[All Crypto](/en/price)[Top Gaining](/en/price/top-gaining-crypto)[Top
Losing](/en/price/top-losing-crypto)[New Cryptocurrencies](/en/price/new-
cryptocurrency)

# Cryptocurrency Prices

Sorted by market cap

[1![Bitcoin
BTC](https://s2.coinmarketcap.com/static/img/coins/64x64/1.png)BitcoinBTC](/en/price/bitcoin)[2![Ethereum
ETH](https://s2.coinmarketcap.com/static/img/coins/64x64/1027.png)EthereumETH](/en/price/ethereum)[3![Tether
USDt USDT](https://s2.coinmarketcap.com/static/img/coins/64x64/825.png)Tether
USDtUSDT](/en/price/tether)[4![BNB
BNB](https://s2.coinmarketcap.com/static/img/coins/64x64/1839.png)BNBBNB](/en/price/bnb)[5![Solana
SOL](https://s2.coinmarketcap.com/static/img/coins/64x64/5426.png)SolanaSOL](/en/price/solana)[6![USDC
USDC](https://s2.coinmarketcap.com/static/img/coins/64x64/3408.png)USDCUSDC](/en/price/usd-
coin)[7![XRP
XRP](https://s2.coinmarketcap.com/static/img/coins/64x64/52.png)XRPXRP](/en/price/xrp)[8![Dogecoin
DOGE](https://s2.coinmarketcap.com/static/img/coins/64x64/74.png)DogecoinDOGE](/en/price/dogecoin)[9![Toncoin
TON](https://s2.coinmarketcap.com/static/img/coins/64x64/11419.png)ToncoinTON](/en/price/toncoin)[10![Cardano
ADA](https://s2.coinmarketcap.com/static/img/coins/64x64/2010.png)CardanoADA](/en/price/cardano)[11![Shiba
Inu SHIB](https://s2.coinmarketcap.com/static/img/coins/64x64/5994.png)Shiba
InuSHIB](/en/price/shiba-inu)[12![Avalanche
AVAX](https://s2.coinmarketcap.com/static/img/coins/64x64/5805.png)AvalancheAVAX](/en/price/avalanche)[13![Chainlink
LINK](https://s2.coinmarketcap.com/static/img/coins/64x64/1975.png)ChainlinkLINK](/en/price/chainlink)[14![Polkadot
DOT](https://s2.coinmarketcap.com/static/img/coins/64x64/6636.png)PolkadotDOT](/en/price/polkadot-
new)[15![TRON
TRX](https://s2.coinmarketcap.com/static/img/coins/64x64/1958.png)TRONTRX](/en/price/tron)[16![Bitcoin
Cash BCH](https://s2.coinmarketcap.com/static/img/coins/64x64/1831.png)Bitcoin
CashBCH](/en/price/bitcoin-cash)[17![NEAR Protocol
NEAR](https://s2.coinmarketcap.com/static/img/coins/64x64/6535.png)NEAR
ProtocolNEAR](/en/price/near-protocol)[18![Polygon
MATIC](https://s2.coinmarketcap.com/static/img/coins/64x64/3890.png)PolygonMATIC](/en/price/polygon)[19![Pepe
PEPE](https://s2.coinmarketcap.com/static/img/coins/64x64/24478.png)PepePEPE](/en/price/pepe)[20![Uniswap
UNI](https://s2.coinmarketcap.com/static/img/coins/64x64/7083.png)UniswapUNI](/en/price/uniswap)[21![Litecoin
LTC](https://s2.coinmarketcap.com/static/img/coins/64x64/2.png)LitecoinLTC](/en/price/litecoin)[22![Internet
Computer
ICP](https://s2.coinmarketcap.com/static/img/coins/64x64/8916.png)Internet
ComputerICP](/en/price/internet-computer)[23![UNUS SED LEO
LEO](https://s2.coinmarketcap.com/static/img/coins/64x64/3957.png)UNUS SED
LEOLEO](/en/price/unus-sed-leo)[24![Dai
DAI](https://s2.coinmarketcap.com/static/img/coins/64x64/4943.png)DaiDAI](/en/price/multi-
collateral-dai)[25![Ethereum Classic
ETC](https://s2.coinmarketcap.com/static/img/coins/64x64/1321.png)Ethereum
ClassicETC](/en/price/ethereum-classic)[26![Aptos
APT](https://s2.coinmarketcap.com/static/img/coins/64x64/21794.png)AptosAPT](/en/price/aptos)[27![Render
RNDR](https://s2.coinmarketcap.com/static/img/coins/64x64/5690.png)RenderRNDR](/en/price/render)[28![dogwifhat
WIF](https://s2.coinmarketcap.com/static/img/coins/64x64/28752.png)dogwifhatWIF](/en/price/dogwifhat)[29![Hedera
HBAR](https://s2.coinmarketcap.com/static/img/coins/64x64/4642.png)HederaHBAR](/en/price/hedera)[30![Arbitrum
ARB](https://s2.coinmarketcap.com/static/img/coins/64x64/11841.png)ArbitrumARB](/en/price/arbitrum)[31![Immutable
IMX](https://s2.coinmarketcap.com/static/img/coins/64x64/10603.png)ImmutableIMX](/en/price/immutable-x)[32![Cosmos
ATOM](https://s2.coinmarketcap.com/static/img/coins/64x64/3794.png)CosmosATOM](/en/price/cosmos)[33![Mantle
MNT](https://s2.coinmarketcap.com/static/img/coins/64x64/27075.png)MantleMNT](/en/price/mantle)[34![Kaspa
KAS](https://s2.coinmarketcap.com/static/img/coins/64x64/20396.png)KaspaKAS](/en/price/kaspa)[35![Filecoin
FIL](https://s2.coinmarketcap.com/static/img/coins/64x64/2280.png)FilecoinFIL](/en/price/filecoin)[36![Cronos
CRO](https://s2.coinmarketcap.com/static/img/coins/64x64/3635.png)CronosCRO](/en/price/cronos)[37![Stellar
XLM](https://s2.coinmarketcap.com/static/img/coins/64x64/512.png)StellarXLM](/en/price/stellar)[38![First
Digital USD
FDUSD](https://s2.coinmarketcap.com/static/img/coins/64x64/26081.png)First
Digital USDFDUSD](/en/price/first-digital-usd)[39![The Graph
GRT](https://s2.coinmarketcap.com/static/img/coins/64x64/6719.png)The
GraphGRT](/en/price/the-graph)[40![Bittensor
TAO](https://s2.coinmarketcap.com/static/img/coins/64x64/22974.png)BittensorTAO](/en/price/bittensor)[41![Stacks
STX](https://s2.coinmarketcap.com/static/img/coins/64x64/4847.png)StacksSTX](/en/price/stacks)[42![FLOKI
FLOKI](https://s2.coinmarketcap.com/static/img/coins/64x64/10804.png)FLOKIFLOKI](/en/price/floki-
inu)[43![Bonk
BONK](https://s2.coinmarketcap.com/static/img/coins/64x64/23095.png)BonkBONK](/en/price/bonk1)[44![OKB
OKB](https://s2.coinmarketcap.com/static/img/coins/64x64/3897.png)OKBOKB](/en/price/okb)[45![Optimism
OP](https://s2.coinmarketcap.com/static/img/coins/64x64/11840.png)OptimismOP](/en/price/optimism-
ethereum)[46![Monero
XMR](https://s2.coinmarketcap.com/static/img/coins/64x64/328.png)MoneroXMR](/en/price/monero)[47![VeChain
VET](https://s2.coinmarketcap.com/static/img/coins/64x64/3077.png)VeChainVET](/en/price/vechain)[48![Arweave
AR](https://s2.coinmarketcap.com/static/img/coins/64x64/5632.png)ArweaveAR](/en/price/arweave)[49![Maker
MKR](https://s2.coinmarketcap.com/static/img/coins/64x64/1518.png)MakerMKR](/en/price/maker)[50![Sui
SUI](https://s2.coinmarketcap.com/static/img/coins/64x64/20947.png)SuiSUI](/en/price/sui)[51![Injective
INJ](https://s2.coinmarketcap.com/static/img/coins/64x64/7226.png)InjectiveINJ](/en/price/injective)[52![Fantom
FTM](https://s2.coinmarketcap.com/static/img/coins/64x64/3513.png)FantomFTM](/en/price/fantom)[53![Theta
Network
THETA](https://s2.coinmarketcap.com/static/img/coins/64x64/2416.png)Theta
NetworkTHETA](/en/price/theta-network)[54![THORChain
RUNE](https://s2.coinmarketcap.com/static/img/coins/64x64/4157.png)THORChainRUNE](/en/price/thorchain)[55![Lido
DAO LDO](https://s2.coinmarketcap.com/static/img/coins/64x64/8000.png)Lido
DAOLDO](/en/price/lido-dao)[56![Celestia
TIA](https://s2.coinmarketcap.com/static/img/coins/64x64/22861.png)CelestiaTIA](/en/price/celestia)[57![Fetch.ai
FET](https://s2.coinmarketcap.com/static/img/coins/64x64/3773.png)Fetch.aiFET](/en/price/fetch)[58![Core
CORE](https://s2.coinmarketcap.com/static/img/coins/64x64/23254.png)CoreCORE](/en/price/core-
dao)[59![Bitget Token
BGB](https://s2.coinmarketcap.com/static/img/coins/64x64/11092.png)Bitget
TokenBGB](/en/price/bitget-token-new)[60![Ondo
ONDO](https://s2.coinmarketcap.com/static/img/coins/64x64/21159.png)OndoONDO](/en/price/ondo-
finance)[61![Pyth Network
PYTH](https://s2.coinmarketcap.com/static/img/coins/64x64/28177.png)Pyth
NetworkPYTH](/en/price/pyth-network)[62![Jupiter
JUP](https://s2.coinmarketcap.com/static/img/coins/64x64/29210.png)JupiterJUP](/en/price/jupiter-
ag)[63![Sei
SEI](https://s2.coinmarketcap.com/static/img/coins/64x64/23149.png)SeiSEI](/en/price/sei)[64![Algorand
ALGO](https://s2.coinmarketcap.com/static/img/coins/64x64/4030.png)AlgorandALGO](/en/price/algorand)[65![Aave
AAVE](https://s2.coinmarketcap.com/static/img/coins/64x64/7278.png)AaveAAVE](/en/price/aave)[66![Starknet
STRK](https://s2.coinmarketcap.com/static/img/coins/64x64/22691.png)StarknetSTRK](/en/price/starknet-
token)[67![Beam
BEAM](https://s2.coinmarketcap.com/static/img/coins/64x64/28298.png)BeamBEAM](/en/price/onbeam)[68![Gala
GALA](https://s2.coinmarketcap.com/static/img/coins/64x64/7080.png)GalaGALA](/en/price/gala)[69![Flow
FLOW](https://s2.coinmarketcap.com/static/img/coins/64x64/4558.png)FlowFLOW](/en/price/flow)[70![Ethena
ENA](https://s2.coinmarketcap.com/static/img/coins/64x64/30171.png)EthenaENA](/en/price/ethena)[71![Chiliz
CHZ](https://s2.coinmarketcap.com/static/img/coins/64x64/4066.png)ChilizCHZ](/en/price/chiliz)[72![JasmyCoin
JASMY](https://s2.coinmarketcap.com/static/img/coins/64x64/8425.png)JasmyCoinJASMY](/en/price/jasmy)[73![Akash
Network
AKT](https://s2.coinmarketcap.com/static/img/coins/64x64/7431.png)Akash
NetworkAKT](/en/price/akash-network)[74![Bitcoin SV
BSV](https://s2.coinmarketcap.com/static/img/coins/64x64/3602.png)Bitcoin
SVBSV](/en/price/bitcoin-sv)[75![SingularityNET
AGIX](https://s2.coinmarketcap.com/static/img/coins/64x64/2424.png)SingularityNETAGIX](/en/price/singularitynet)[76![dYdX
\(Native\)
DYDX](https://s2.coinmarketcap.com/static/img/coins/64x64/28324.png)dYdX
(Native)DYDX](/en/price/dydx-chain)[77![BitTorrent \(New\)
BTT](https://s2.coinmarketcap.com/static/img/coins/64x64/16086.png)BitTorrent
(New)BTT](/en/price/bittorrent-new)[78![Axie Infinity
AXS](https://s2.coinmarketcap.com/static/img/coins/64x64/6783.png)Axie
InfinityAXS](/en/price/axie-infinity)[79![Flare
FLR](https://s2.coinmarketcap.com/static/img/coins/64x64/7950.png)FlareFLR](/en/price/flare)[80![Quant
QNT](https://s2.coinmarketcap.com/static/img/coins/64x64/3155.png)QuantQNT](/en/price/quant)[81![Neo
NEO](https://s2.coinmarketcap.com/static/img/coins/64x64/1376.png)NeoNEO](/en/price/neo)[82![Wormhole
W](https://s2.coinmarketcap.com/static/img/coins/64x64/29587.png)WormholeW](/en/price/wormhole)[83![MultiversX
EGLD](https://s2.coinmarketcap.com/static/img/coins/64x64/6892.png)MultiversXEGLD](/en/price/multiversx-
egld)[84![BOOK OF MEME
BOME](https://s2.coinmarketcap.com/static/img/coins/64x64/29870.png)BOOK OF
MEMEBOME](/en/price/book-of-meme)[85![Worldcoin
WLD](https://s2.coinmarketcap.com/static/img/coins/64x64/13502.png)WorldcoinWLD](/en/price/worldcoin-
org)[86![Ronin
RON](https://s2.coinmarketcap.com/static/img/coins/64x64/14101.png)RoninRON](/en/price/ronin)[87![Pendle
PENDLE](https://s2.coinmarketcap.com/static/img/coins/64x64/9481.png)PendlePENDLE](/en/price/pendle)[88![The
Sandbox SAND](https://s2.coinmarketcap.com/static/img/coins/64x64/6210.png)The
SandboxSAND](/en/price/the-sandbox)[89![KuCoin Token
KCS](https://s2.coinmarketcap.com/static/img/coins/64x64/2087.png)KuCoin
TokenKCS](/en/price/kucoin-token)[90![Synthetix
SNX](https://s2.coinmarketcap.com/static/img/coins/64x64/2586.png)SynthetixSNX](/en/price/synthetix)[91![Tezos
XTZ](https://s2.coinmarketcap.com/static/img/coins/64x64/2011.png)TezosXTZ](/en/price/tezos)[92![eCash
XEC](https://s2.coinmarketcap.com/static/img/coins/64x64/10791.png)eCashXEC](/en/price/ecash)[93![Mina
MINA](https://s2.coinmarketcap.com/static/img/coins/64x64/8646.png)MinaMINA](/en/price/mina)[94![EOS
EOS](https://s2.coinmarketcap.com/static/img/coins/64x64/1765.png)EOSEOS](/en/price/eos)[95![Notcoin
NOT](https://s2.coinmarketcap.com/static/img/coins/64x64/28850.png)NotcoinNOT](/en/price/notcoin)[96![Gnosis
GNO](https://s2.coinmarketcap.com/static/img/coins/64x64/1659.png)GnosisGNO](/en/price/gnosis-
gno)[97![Conflux
CFX](https://s2.coinmarketcap.com/static/img/coins/64x64/7334.png)ConfluxCFX](/en/price/conflux-
network)[98![AIOZ Network
AIOZ](https://s2.coinmarketcap.com/static/img/coins/64x64/9104.png)AIOZ
NetworkAIOZ](/en/price/aioz-network)[99![Decentraland
MANA](https://s2.coinmarketcap.com/static/img/coins/64x64/1966.png)DecentralandMANA](/en/price/decentraland)[100![ORDI
ORDI](https://s2.coinmarketcap.com/static/img/coins/64x64/25028.png)ORDIORDI](/en/price/ordi)

[1](/en/price)[2](/en/price?page=2)[3](/en/price?page=3)...[101](/en/price?page=101)[](/en/price?page=2)

### Community

[](https://discord.gg/jE4wt8g2H2)[](https://www.binance.com/en/community)[](https://www.tiktok.com/@binance?lang=en)[](https://www.facebook.com/binance)[](https://twitter.com/binance)[](https://www.reddit.com/r/binance)[](https://www.instagram.com/Binance/)[](https://coinmarketcap.com/exchanges/binance/)[](https://www.youtube.com/binanceyoutube)[](https://www.binance.com/en/community)

English

English

العربية

العربية (البحرين)

български

Čeština

Dansk

Deutsch (Schweiz)

Ελληνικά

English (UAE)

English (Australia)

English (Bahrain)

English (India)

English (Japan)

English (Kazakhstan)

English (Nigeria)

English (New Zealand)

English (South Africa)

Español (España)

Español (Argentina)

Español (Latinoamérica)

Español (México)

Français

Français (Afrique)

magyar nyelv

Bahasa Indonesia

Italiano

日本語

Қазақша (Қазақстан)

Қазақша

ລາວ

latviešu valoda

Polski

Português

Português (Brasil)

Română

Русский

Русский (Казахстан)

Русский (Украина)

සිංහල

Slovenčina

Slovenščina

Svenska

Türkçe

Українська

Tiếng Việt

简体中文

繁體中文

USD-$

USD-$

AED-د.إ

ARS-ARS$

AUD-A$

BDT-৳

BGN-лв

BHD-.د.ب

BOB-$b

BRL-R$

CAD-C$

CHF-CHF

CNY-¥

COP-COL$

CZK-Kč

DKK-KR

EGP-E£

EUR-€

GBP-£

HKD-HKD

HRK-kn

HUF-Ft

IDR-Rp

INR-₹

JPY-¥

KES-KSh

KWD-ك.د

KZT-₸

MAD-م.د.

MNT-₮

MXN-Mex$

NZD-NZ$

OMR-ر.ع.

PEN-S/.

PHP-₱

PKR-₨

PLN-zł

QAR-ر.ق

RON-lei

RUB-₽

SAR-ر.س

SEK-kr

THB-฿

TRY-₺

TWD-NT$

UAH-₴

UGX-USh

VES-Bs

VND-₫

ZAR-R

Theme

English

USD

Theme

### About Us

  * [About](https://www.binance.com/en/about)
  * [Careers](https://www.binance.com/en/careers)
  * [Announcements](https://www.binance.com/en/support/announcement)
  * [News](https://www.binance.com/en/square/news/all)
  * [Press](https://www.binance.com/en/press)
  * [Legal](https://www.binance.com/en/legal/home)
  * [Terms](https://www.binance.com/en/terms)
  * [Privacy](https://www.binance.com/en/about-legal/privacy-portal)
  * [Building Trust](https://www.binance.com/en/land/building_trust)
  * [Blog](https://www.binance.com/en/blog)
  * [Community](https://www.binance.com/en/community)
  * [Sitemap](https://www.binance.com/en/country-region-selector)
  * [Risk Warning](https://www.binance.com/en/risk-warning)
  * [Notices](https://www.binance.com/en/support/list/notices)
  * [Downloads](https://www.binance.com/en/download)
  * [Desktop Application](https://www.binance.com/en/desktop-download)

### Products

  * [Exchange](https://www.binance.com/en/trade)
  * [Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/buy-sell-crypto)
  * [Leveraged Tokens](https://www.binance.com/en/leveraged-tokens/tokens/allTokens)
  * [TradingView](https://www.binance.com/en/land/tradingview)
  * [Pay](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/payment)
  * [Academy](https://academy.binance.com/en)
  * [Live](https://www.binance.com/en/live)
  * [Tax](https://www.binance.com/en/tax)
  * [Gift Card](https://www.binance.com/en/gift-card)
  * [Launchpad & Launchpool](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)
  * [Auto-Invest](https://www.binance.com/en/auto-invest)
  * [ETH Staking](https://www.binance.com/en/eth2)
  * [NFT](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/home)
  * [BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/bnb)
  * [BABT](https://www.binance.com/en/BABT?source=footer)
  * [Research](https://www.binance.com/en/research)
  * [Charity](https://www.binance.charity)

### Business

  * [P2P Merchant Application](https://c2c.binance.com/en/merchantApplication)
  * [P2Pro Merchant Application](https://p2p.binance.com/en/p2pro)
  * [Listing Application](https://www.binance.com/en/my/coin-apply)
  * [Institutional & VIP Services](https://www.binance.com/en/vip-institutional-services)
  * [Labs](https://labs.binance.com/)

### Learn

  * [Learn & Earn](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn)
  * [Browse Crypto Prices](https://www.binance.com/en/price)
  * [Bitcoin Price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/bitcoin)
  * [Ethereum Price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/ethereum)
  * [Browse Crypto Price Predictions](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction)
  * [Bitcoin Price Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction/bitcoin)
  * [Ethereum Price Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction/ethereum)
  * [Buy Bitcoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bitcoin)
  * [Buy BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bnb)
  * [Buy Ripple](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/xrp)
  * [Buy Dogecoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/dogecoin)
  * [Buy Ethereum](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/ethereum)
  * [Buy Tradable Altcoins](https://www.binance.com/en/altcoins/tradable)

### Service

  * [Affiliate](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/affiliate)
  * [Referral](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/referral?utm_source=Lite_web_footer)
  * [OTC Trading](https://www.binance.com/en/otc)
  * [Historical Market Data](https://www.binance.com/en/landing/data)
  * [Proof of Reserves](https://www.binance.com/en/proof-of-reserves)

### Support

  * [24/7 Chat Support](https://www.binance.com/en/chat?sourceEntry=4)
  * [Support Center](https://www.binance.com/en/support)
  * [Product Feedback & Suggestions](https://www.binance.com/en/my/user-support/feedback/entry)
  * [Fees](https://www.binance.com/en/fee/schedule)
  * [APIs](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-api)
  * [Binance Verify](https://www.binance.com/en/official-verification)
  * [Trading Rules](https://www.binance.com/en/trade-rule)
  * [Binance Airdrop Portal](https://www.binance.com/en/airdrop)
  * [Law Enforcement Requests](https://www.binance.com/en/support/law-enforcement)

Binance© 2024Cookie Preferences

![Company Logo](https://cdn.cookielaw.org/logos/99f99939-5a0d-4feb-
aef3-ba45f16b6907/5bfb9945-c83c-46f9-8bd7-55e8fd1975b5/02e50907-93f6-477d-a8a2-d581dace49c2/binance-h.png)

## Privacy Preference Center

When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your
browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you,
your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as
you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but
it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your
right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on
the different category headings to find out more and change our default
settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience
of the site and the services we are able to offer.  
[Cookie Policy](https://www.binance.com/en/cookie-privacy)

Allow All

###  Manage Consent Preferences

#### Strictly Necessary Cookies

Always Active

These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched
off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by
you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy
preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block
or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then
work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.

Cookies Details‎

#### Functional Cookies

Functional Cookies

These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and
personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose
services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then
some or all of these services may not function properly.

Cookies Details‎

#### Targeting Cookies

Targeting Cookies

Targeting cookies may be set through our site by ourselves and our advertising
partners. First parties and third parties will use them to build a profile of
your interests based on the browsing information they collect from you, which
includes uniquely identifying your browser and terminal equipment. If you do
not allow these cookies you will still see basic advertising on your browser
that is generic and not based on your interests

Cookies Details‎

#### Performance Cookies

Performance Cookies

These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure
and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are
the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All
information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If
you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our
site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.

Cookies Details‎

Back Button

### Cookie List

Search Icon

Filter Icon

Clear

checkbox label label

Apply Cancel

Consent Leg.Interest

checkbox label label

checkbox label label

checkbox label label

Reject All Confirm My Choices

[![Powered by
Onetrust](https://cdn.cookielaw.org/logos/static/powered_by_logo.svg)](https://www.onetrust.com/products/cookie-
consent/)

