Skip to main content

[](/en/)

  * Learn
  * Use
  * Build
  * Participate
  * Research

Search```K`

Languages EN

![An illustration of a futuristic city, representing the Ethereum
ecosystem.](/_next/image/?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Fhero.94a1ecc4.png&w=1920&q=75)

Ethereum

# Welcome to Ethereum

Ethereum is the community-run technology powering the cryptocurrency ether
(ETH) and thousands of decentralized applications.

[Explore Ethereum](/en/learn/)

## Get started

ethereum.org is your portal into the world of Ethereum. The tech is new and
ever-evolving ‚Äì it helps to have a guide. Here's what we recommend you do if
you want to dive in.

![Illustration of a person working on a
computer.](/_next/image/?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Fhackathon_transparent.0818b178.png&w=1504&q=75)

![Illustration of a robot with a vault for a body, representing an Ethereum
wallet.](/_next/image/?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Fwallet-
cropped.0b00eef8.png&w=640&q=75)

### [Pick a wallet](/en/wallets/find-wallet/)

A wallet lets you connect to Ethereum and manage your funds.

![Illustration of a group of people marvelling at an ether \(ETH\) glyph in
awe.](/_next/image/?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Feth.28aff33d.png&w=640&q=75)

### [Get ETH](/en/get-eth/)

ETH is the currency of Ethereum ‚Äì you can use it in applications.

![Illustration of a doge using a
computer.](/_next/image/?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Fdoge-
computer.482265f8.png&w=640&q=75)

### [Use a dapp](/en/dapps/)

Dapps are applications powered by Ethereum. See what you can do.

![An illustration of a hand creating an ETH logo made of lego
bricks.](/_next/image/?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Fdevelopers-eth-
blocks.62390e1a.png&w=640&q=75)

### [Start building](/en/developers/)

If you want to start coding with Ethereum, we have documentation, tutorials,
and more in our developer portal.

## What is Ethereum?

Ethereum is a technology that's home to digital money, global payments, and
applications. The community has built a booming digital economy, bold new ways
for creators to earn online, and so much more. It's open to everyone, wherever
you are in the world ‚Äì all you need is the internet.

[What is Ethereum?](/en/what-is-ethereum/)[More on digital money](/en/eth/)

![Illustration of a person peering into a bazaar, meant to represent
Ethereum.](/_next/image/?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Fwhat-is-
ethereum.b37ce60e.png&w=1504&q=75)

## A fairer financial system

Today, billions of people can‚Äôt open bank accounts, others have their payments
blocked. Ethereum's decentralized finance (DeFi) system never sleeps or
discriminates. With just an internet connection, you can send, receive,
borrow, earn interest, and even stream funds anywhere in the world.

[Explore DeFi](/en/defi/)

![Illustration of hands offering an ETH
symbol.](/_next/image/?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Fimpact_transparent.7420c423.png&w=1504&q=75)

## The internet of assets

Ethereum isn't just for digital money. Anything you can own can be
represented, traded and put to use as non-fungible tokens (NFTs). You can
tokenise your art and get royalties automatically every time it's re-sold. Or
use a token for something you own to take out a loan. The possibilities are
growing all the time.

[More on NFTs](/en/nft/)

![An Eth logo being displayed via
hologram.](/_next/image/?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Finfrastructure_transparent.8849e91b.png&w=1504&q=75)

## An open internet

Today, we gain access to 'free' internet services by giving up control of our
personal data. Ethereum services are open by default ‚Äì you just need a wallet.
These are free and easy to set up, controlled by you, and work without any
personal info.

[Explore the open internet](/en/dapps/?category=technology)[More on
wallets](/en/wallets/)

![Illustration of a futuristic computer set up, powered by Ethereum
crystals.](/_next/image/?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Ffuture_transparent.465fbd2d.png&w=1504&q=75)

Code examples

Your own bank

You can build a bank powered by logic you've programmed.

Your own currency

You can create tokens that you can transfer and use across applications.

A JavaScript Ethereum wallet

You can use existing languages to interact with Ethereum and other
applications.

An open, permissionless DNS

You can reimagine existing services as decentralized, open applications.

## A new frontier for development

Ethereum and its apps are transparent and open source. You can fork code and
re-use functionality others have already built. If you don't want to learn a
new language you can just interact with open-sourced code using JavaScript and
other existing languages.

[Developer portal](/en/developers/)

## Ethereum today

The latest network statistics

Total ETH staked

The total amount of ETH currently being staked and securing the network.

32.19M

30d90d

Transactions today

The number of transactions successfully processed on the network in the last
24 hours.

1.157M

30d90d

Value locked in DeFi (USD)

The amount of money in decentralized finance (DeFi) applications, the Ethereum
digital economy.

$148.6B

30d90d

Nodes

Ethereum is run by thousands of volunteers around the globe, known as nodes.

5,336

30d90d

* * *

## Join the ethereum.org community

Join almost **40 000 members** on our [Discord server(opens in a new
tab)](https://ethereum.org/discord/).

Join our monthly community calls for exciting updates on Ethereum.org
development and important ecosystem news. Get the chance to ask questions,
share ideas, and provide feedback - it's the perfect opportunity to be part of
the thriving Ethereum community.

‚òéÔ∏è ethereum.org Community Call - May 2024

May 29, 2024 at 16:00

(UTC)

[Join Discord(opens in a new tab)](https://ethereum.org/discord/)[Add to
calendar(opens in a new
tab)](https://www.google.com/calendar/event?eid=Mzh0aTByNTFibGg1YnU5YjdzOXVtOXRrN20gY185ZTRiMWIyNzYwNzQzNDYzODE2MTAwYTE2OWQxNDI0MzAzNTJhN2NmYzMzNDRiMWU3ODVkYjUyMzg1YzlmZDM2QGc)

Upcoming calls

* * *

No upcoming calls

Previous calls

* * *

May 22, 2024

[üõ† QA session - ethereum.org portal(opens in a new
tab)](https://www.google.com/calendar/event?eid=NGNpbjQ3aXRrc2sydm5jOGc4MHQ0cm1ibGogY185ZTRiMWIyNzYwNzQzNDYzODE2MTAwYTE2OWQxNDI0MzAzNTJhN2NmYzMzNDRiMWU3ODVkYjUyMzg1YzlmZDM2QGc)

May 8, 2024

[üõ† QA session - ethereum.org portal(opens in a new
tab)](https://www.google.com/calendar/event?eid=NmV1djRtYWo1cmw4aDU1ZWdpbHAyMTg5ZWsgY185ZTRiMWIyNzYwNzQzNDYzODE2MTAwYTE2OWQxNDI0MzAzNTJhN2NmYzMzNDRiMWU3ODVkYjUyMzg1YzlmZDM2QGc)

Apr 24, 2024

[üõ† QA session - ethereum.org portal(opens in a new
tab)](https://www.google.com/calendar/event?eid=MnY5Z2ppbWRjajliNzllNGM5cDJhZXJvZWYgY185ZTRiMWIyNzYwNzQzNDYzODE2MTAwYTE2OWQxNDI0MzAzNTJhN2NmYzMzNDRiMWU3ODVkYjUyMzg1YzlmZDM2QGc)

Mar 27, 2024

[üõ† QA session - ethereum.org portal(opens in a new
tab)](https://www.google.com/calendar/event?eid=NTdsamJrY2xtZHU0dHJ2N2tnZGduMmNsdjcgY185ZTRiMWIyNzYwNzQzNDYzODE2MTAwYTE2OWQxNDI0MzAzNTJhN2NmYzMzNDRiMWU3ODVkYjUyMzg1YzlmZDM2QGc)

## Explore ethereum.org

![Illustration of a spaceship representing the increased power after Ethereum
upgrades.](/_next/image/?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Fmerge.1565d431.png&w=640&q=75)

### [Level up your upgrade knowledge](/en/roadmap/)

The Ethereum roadmap consists of interconnected upgrades designed to make the
network more scalable, secure, and sustainable.

![Illustration of a futuristic
computer/device.](/_next/image/?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Finfrastructure_transparent.8849e91b.png&w=640&q=75)

### [Ethereum for enterprise](/en/enterprise/)

See how Ethereum can open up new business models, reduce your costs and
future-proof your business.

![Illustration of a group of builders working
together.](/_next/image/?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Fenterprise-
eth.d2a3f314.png&w=640&q=75)

### [The Ethereum community](/en/community/)

Ethereum is all about community. It's made up of people from all different
backgrounds and interests. See how you can join in.

![An Ethereum logo made of lego
bricks.](/_next/image/?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Ffinance_transparent.a4abc782.png&w=1200&q=75)

## Contribute to ethereum.org

This website is open source with hundreds of community contributors. You can
propose edits to any of the content on this site, suggest awesome new
features, or help us squash bugs.

[More on contributing](/en/contributing/)[GitHub(opens in a new
tab)](https://github.com/ethereum/ethereum-org-website)

Website last updated: May 22, 2024

[(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/ethereum/ethereum-org-
website)[(opens in a new tab)](https://twitter.com/ethdotorg)[(opens in a new
tab)](https://discord.gg/ethereum-org)

### Learn

  * [Learn Hub](/en/learn/)
  * [What is Ethereum?](/en/what-is-ethereum/)
  * [What is ether (ETH)?](/en/eth/)
  * [Ethereum wallets](/en/wallets/)
  * [What is Web3?](/en/web3/)
  * [Smart contracts](/en/smart-contracts/)
  * [Gas fees](/en/gas/)
  * [Run a node](/en/run-a-node/)
  * [Ethereum security and scam prevention](/en/security/)
  * [Quiz Hub](/en/quizzes/)
  * [Ethereum glossary](/en/glossary/)

### Use

  * [Guides](/en/guides/)
  * [Choose your wallet](/en/wallets/find-wallet/)
  * [Get ETH](/en/get-eth/)
  * [Dapps - Decentralized applications](/en/dapps/)
  * [Stablecoins](/en/stablecoins/)
  * [NFTs - Non-fungible tokens](/en/nft/)
  * [DeFi - Decentralized finance](/en/defi/)
  * [DAOs - Decentralized autonomous organizations](/en/dao/)
  * [Decentralized identity](/en/decentralized-identity/)
  * [Stake ETH](/en/staking/)
  * [Layer 2](/en/layer-2/)

### Build

  * [Builder's home](/en/developers/)
  * [Tutorials](/en/developers/tutorials/)
  * [Documentation](/en/developers/docs/)
  * [Learn by coding](/en/developers/learning-tools/)
  * [Set up local environment](/en/developers/local-environment/)
  * [Grants](/en/community/grants/)
  * [Foundational topics](/en/developers/docs/intro-to-ethereum/)
  * [UX/UI design fundamentals](/en/developers/docs/design-and-ux/)
  * [Enterprise - Mainnet Ethereum](/en/enterprise/)
  * [Enterprise - Private Ethereum](/en/enterprise/private-ethereum/)

### Participate

  * [Community hub](/en/community/)
  * [Online communities](/en/community/online/)
  * [Ethereum events](/en/community/events/)
  * [Contributing to ethereum.org](/en/contributing/)
  * [Translation Program](/en/contributing/translation-program/)
  * [Ethereum bug bounty program](/en/bug-bounty/)
  * [Ethereum Foundation](/en/foundation/)
  * [Ethereum Foundation Blog(opens in a new tab)](https://blog.ethereum.org/)
  * [Ecosystem Support Program(opens in a new tab)](https://esp.ethereum.foundation)
  * [Devcon(opens in a new tab)](https://devcon.org/)

### Research

  * [Ethereum Whitepaper](/en/whitepaper/)
  * [Ethereum roadmap](/en/roadmap/)
  * [Improved security](/en/roadmap/security/)
  * [Technical history of Ethereum](/en/history/)
  * [Open research](/en/community/research/)
  * [Ethereum Improvement Proposals](/en/eips/)
  * [Ethereum governance](/en/governance/)

  * [About us](/en/about/)
  * [Ethereum brand assets](/en/assets/)
  * [Code of conduct](/en/community/code-of-conduct/)
  * [Jobs](/en/about/#open-jobs)
  * [Privacy policy](/en/privacy-policy/)
  * [Terms of use](/en/terms-of-use/)
  * [Cookie policy](/en/cookie-policy/)
  * [Press Contact(opens in a new tab)](mailto:press@ethereum.org)

Is this page helpful?

Data source: [Beaconcha.in(opens in a new tab)](https://beaconcha.in/)

Data source: [Etherscan(opens in a new tab)](https://etherscan.io/)

Data source: [DeFi Llama(opens in a new tab)](https://defillama.com/)

Data source: [Etherscan(opens in a new tab)](https://etherscan.io/nodetracker)

