[](/)

[ staking ](/staking)

protocols

[ bridges ](/bridges)

[ oracles ](/oracles)

[ liquid staking ](/liquid-staking)

business

[ development ](/products/)

[ institutional staking ](/institutional-staking)

[ everstake capital ](https://everstake.capital/)

[ blog ](/blog)

about us

[ about company ](/about)

[ our products ](/products)

[ crypto reports ](/crypto-reports)

[ chatgpt plugin ](/everstake-chatgpt-plugin-leading-crypto-ai-for-optimal-
staking)

[ eth staking ](/staking/ethereum)

[stake now](/staking)

[](/)

  1. [home](/)
  2. / [ blog ](/blog)
  3. / [ what is gevu... ](/blog/what-is-gevulot-comprehensive-overview)

#  What is Gevulot? Comprehensive overview

03 May 2024

7 min read

7 min read

Article content

What is Gevulot and how does it work?

Competitive advantages of Gevulot

Current stack and how it works

Who are the users of Gevulot?

Future of Gelulot

Everstake and Gevulot Partnership

Gevulot: Conclusion

STAKE  
FROM 0.1 ETH

With the first non-custodial ETH staking solution from Everstake for ~7% APR

stake now

Meet our new partner Gevulot! Gevulot is a fully permissionless and
programmable Layer-1 blockchain built by the founder of Equilibrium Group.

In this review, we'll take a look at what Gevulot is, how it works, and what
makes it truly unique. We will take a detailed look at the main advantages and
features and tell how it can be useful for supporting the blockchain network.

## What is Gevulot and how does it work?

[Gevulot](https://gevulot.com) is the first credibly neutral decentralized
prover layer for the modular stack, designed with the vision to make proving
decentralized, performant, and cost-effective. Its internet-scale compute
network is optimized exclusively for zero-knowledge proving and verification.

Gevulot enables new applications utilizing provable computing to become
economically viable. At the same time, it ensures that providers achieve
maximum resource efficiency and revenue by aggregating workloads across the
industry.

Similar to other PoS blockchains, Gevulot has balances, transfers, and staking
with the native token, as well as proof system deployment, which resembles
smart contract deployment. However, the two main differences from most other
blockchains are that Gevulot lacks a traditional smart contract state, and
computation verification is done through validating ZKPs rather than re-
execution.

## Competitive advantages of Gevulot

Let's take a look at the main features that will ensure fast and reliable work
in a decentralized network.

### 1\. High-performance

Gevulot offers speed and efficiency through its lightweight layer 1 network
optimized specifically for zk-proving and verification. Furthermore, Gevulot
optimizes computation by distributing the proving workload to a small subset
of provers.

### 2\. Liveness and execution guarantees

The network ensures high liveness and reliable execution guarantees through
its economic security strategies and mechanisms, such as customizable
redundancy, fallback mechanisms, and the use of VRF for distributing work
among provers.

### 3\. Censorship resistance

Beside being truly decentralized, Gevulot utilizes a verifiable random
function (VRF) for leader selection among validators and workload distribution
among provers to mitigate the risk of censorship.

### 4\. Low and predictable fees

The networks can scale horizontally, without increasing the cost structure.
The user sets the maximum fee depending on how many cycles they want the
program to run for. This helps teams forecast their costs and enables them to
give a better experience to their end users.

### 5\. Fair workload distribution

Gevulot distributes the proving workload to small groups of provers rather
than choosing a single prover per task. This ensures viability as long as at
least one of the group provers can generate the proof within the specified
time.

## Current stack and how it works

Programs on Gevulot come in two varieties: provers and verifiers. Users can
permissionlessly deploy any arbitrary prover and verifier program on Gevulot,
similarly to deploying a smart contract on Ethereum. Programs can be written
in various programming languages.

Gevulot’s dual-node architecture includes two primary node types: provers and
validators. All provers are part of the global prover set. Nested within the
global prover set, custom prover sets enable a modular approach for data
storage and allow the integration of distinct external software for various
use cases.

**The first version of process flow:**

  1. Users submit proving workloads as transactions, 
  2. Validators process transactions, 
  3. Validators order them into blocks and broadcast workloads to provers, 
  4. The selected prover completes proving workloads 
  5. All provers participate in verifying proofs.
  6. Finality reached on Gevulot.

**The second version of process flow:**

  1. Users submit proving workloads.
  2. Validators process workload txs, order them into blocks and broadcast them to provers.
  3. The selected prover generates the proof and submits it to the mempool. The proof can already be shared with the user if verification is done on Ethereum or elsewhere.
  4. All provers participate in verifying proofs.
  5. Once 2/3 has verified proof, it is bundled into a block.
  6. Finality reached on Gevulot.

This system ensures data integrity and verifiability and improves the
scalability of operations in various programming environments.

## Who are the users of Gevulot?

Gevulot is a cost-effective and highly performant proving solution for any
protocol or application that utilizes provable computing​​. While the future
may bring new use cases, some examples today include Validity Rollups, Privacy
Rollups, different implementations of ZkVMs, ZK-bridges and ZK Mining.

## Future of Gelulot

Gevulot aims to revolutionize decentralized proof generation by significantly
reducing the cost of proving through the aggregation of workloads across
various use cases. Its architecture and economic model are designed to adapt
to the rising proof demand.

Gevulot's core values are low cost, high performance and availability,
permissionless deployment, and credibility neutrality. As a result, all these
features help Gevulot become the leading ZK cloud compute infrastructure.
Gevulot is set to empower developers and projects in shaping a decentralized
future where provable computing, privacy and efficiency are paramount.

## Everstake and Gevulot Partnership

Everstake is excited to announce a partnership with Gevulot to strengthen our
collaboration in the blockchain ecosystem. As we launch this initiative on the
testnet, Everstake plans to participate as a validator and prover node
operator.

## Gevulot: Conclusion

Gevulot has a special approach and is designed to make proving decentralized,
productive and cost-effective. Thanks to this, Gevulot is ready to change the
approach to decentralized applications and emerge as a leader in the modular
stack infrastructure, promoting a more accessible blockchain environment.

By establishing a new partnership with Everstake, Gevulot continues to advance
its mission to make effective tools accessible and efficient for all users of
the blockchain ecosystem.

[Stake with Everstake](https://everstake.one/staking) | [Follow us on X](https://twitter.com/everstake_pool) | [Connect with us on Discord](https://discord.com/invite/m9YSnAsm44)

STAKE  
FROM 0.1 ETH

With the first non-custodial ETH staking solution from Everstake for ~7% APR

stake now

Dark \- Light

![Everstake Logo](https://cdn.buttercms.com/OMoRHrcTTz4AsfGlHJm0)

Everstake

Content Manager

[ ](https://twitter.com/everstake_pool/) [
](https://www.facebook.com/everstake.one/) [
](https://www.linkedin.com/company/everstakeofficial/)

Everstake is one of the most reliable PoS validators on the market, with
current volumes of customer staked funds exceeding 2B$ and over 735K+
delegators as of March 2023.

### subscribe

Learn more about staking from a few letters

#### to our newsletter

your e-mail

subscribe

Please enter a valid email address

You are subscribed!

You will receive on-time and unique content through our newsletter

###  Contact us

####  Have questions?  
We’re always there to answer!

Our distributed team of 20+ community managers is online 24/7 and is ready to
assist you.

[ Book a call with us
](https://calendar.google.com/calendar/u/0/appointments/schedules/AcZssZ0P1Gk5eYeQcs5shpHMUuvO3WFZHgqZuq3ZNJitr-
IfHxnIzPT_WDX-FRMukAHclS7wAhkY0Ahx)[ Follow us on Twitter
](https://twitter.com/everstake_pool)[ Stay in touch via Discord
](https://discord.gg/NvcW47V3Xb)

Everstake

[ Terms of Use ](/docs/terms-of-use.pdf) & [ Privacy Policy ](/docs/privacy-
policy.pdf)

Copyright © 2024 Everstake

[ staking ](/staking)

[ status ](https://status.everstake.one/)

[ Report vulnerability ](/report-vulnerability)

[ about us ](/about)

[ business ](/institutional-staking)

[](https://twitter.com/everstake_pool) [](https://www.reddit.com/r/Everstake/)
[](https://www.linkedin.com/company/everstakeofficial/)
[](https://www.youtube.com/@everstake7336)

[](https://www.stakingrewards.com/savings/everstake/)

Everstake

[ Terms of Use ](/docs/terms-of-use.pdf) & [ Privacy Policy ](/docs/privacy-
policy.pdf)

Copyright © 2024 Everstake

This website uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience

close

got it

