[](./)

[Get Sling](./download)

[](./)

[Get Sling](./download)

###### Careers

## Help us simplify the way the world connects financially

Our goal is to connect billions of people worldwide through effortless,
instant, global payments using blockchain technology.

[See open positions ](./careers#open-roles)

![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/BDaTZojNsNGvWrN91No9WU96Pws.jpg)

![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/BDaTZojNsNGvWrN91No9WU96Pws.jpg)

![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/BDaTZojNsNGvWrN91No9WU96Pws.jpg)

  * ![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/1Al9J9LPqEkJzB1eTEXP7BSFKPM.jpg)

![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/trBmbBHrGvXZAmIKXP7WpMwrR4g.jpg)

![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/kjqUPpouBlsgR61YaZFOQnF8.png)

![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/oqD0BNpLbapZsQ0PPktHIxkv5c.png)

![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/WX7YE5SufUljn6qSsM8ct4ZV98I.png)

![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/Ry3UjaET383kCMdkM1zh8lSfks.png)

## Advanced technology,  
human design.

**We believe in better money, made for the internet.**

We believe that everyone in the world should be able to connect to an instant
and easy-to-use global financial system. That people should own their own
money and not be creditors to banks or held hostage by high fees.

We believe that people should pay people â not random strings of letters and
numbers. That it shouldn't matter what country they're in or what currency
they use, sending money and participating in the global economy should be
instant, simple and nearly free.

**We're building Sling to make that a reality.**

## The team

We're a small team of designers, engineers, operators, compliance and fincrime
experts. We have offices in New York, London and Amsterdam and our team is
distributed across the US, UK, Spain, Poland and the Netherlands.

[Meet the team](./team)

![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/UOhjID3RUMTz7kpPtAqD1XQ2Md4.png)

![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/UOhjID3RUMTz7kpPtAqD1XQ2Md4.png)

![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/UOhjID3RUMTz7kpPtAqD1XQ2Md4.png)

## Our values

##### Openness fosters collaboration

Weâre open by nature, welcoming healthy debate and feedback knowing our
transparency fosters a culture of collaboration.

##### Disciplined Efficiency

Weâre disciplined in our prioritization and work iteratively to build Sling
efficiently from the ground up so we can pass savings onto our customers.

##### Being Good Eggs

We think good people drive success - kindness fuels collaboration and an
environment where everyone is comfortable to do their best work.

##### See it, Say it, Sort it

We embrace ownership and accountability as a team. We strive for high quality
and work together to create real value for our customers.

![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/rPVy8JkGUpT3mIEysxOjj2UBKU.png?scale-
down-to=1024)

![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/rPVy8JkGUpT3mIEysxOjj2UBKU.png?scale-
down-to=1024)

![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/62IufUEbBb2NiZGqwlJjfMx6fyY.jpg)

![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/62IufUEbBb2NiZGqwlJjfMx6fyY.jpg)

![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/QtXq0ZirD2es4Q1TDIAve8X8U.png)

![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/QtXq0ZirD2es4Q1TDIAve8X8U.png)

![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/hCCiWt3T4FLZUoy2BZj62PSZSOU.png)

![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/hCCiWt3T4FLZUoy2BZj62PSZSOU.png)

## Perks and benefits

Competitive salary and equity

Competitive salary and equity

Flexible work hours

Flexible work hours

Paid parental leave

Paid parental leave

Transport benefits

Transport benefits

Pension

Pension

Lunch on us in the office

Lunch on us in the office

Medical & Dental

Medical & Dental

Flexible working location

Flexible working location

Regular team events and offsites

Regular team events and offsites

## Committed to diversity

We embrace diversity at Sling. To build a product thatâs loved by everyone,
we need a team with all kinds of different perspectives, experiences, and
backgrounds. That's why we're committed to hiring people regardless of race,
religion, colour, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity,
age or disability.

  * ![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/571nqwXCNK4YYngUCFgeBbYdElI.png)

![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/2ljiArlapGPExemdjFJpNexOGIw.jpeg)

![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/0SUBm4lSsN46wnpjMM5Sp0TROw.png)

![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/xJLeI08ze2rSFsCBn1VDdt5P6Q.jpeg)

![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/B9dqyqpj5vreFKSnhi41wzlk.jpg)

![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/T56nbqZlD8Fv3B61y2YnqjcQtE.png)

## Our open roles

[Content CreatorLondon](./careers/content-creator)

[Content CreatorLondon](./careers/content-creator)

[Careers](./careers)

[The team](./team)

[Legal Documents](./legal)

[Blog](./blog)

[FAQs](https://intercom.help/sling-money/en/collections/3985639-frequently-
asked-questions)

[Status](https://statuspage.incident.io/sling)

[](https://www.facebook.com/Sling.Money/)

[](https://twitter.com/SlingMoney)

[](https://www.instagram.com/Sling.Money/)

[](https://www.linkedin.com/company/sling-money/)

[Â© 2024 Avian Labs, Inc.](https://avianlabs.net)

Registered Money Services Business in the United States, FinCEN registration
number is 31000228678609.

Registered Virtual Asset Service Provider in the Netherlands, the company
registration number 91273323.

[Careers](./careers)

[The team](./team)

[Legal Documents](./legal)

[Blog](./blog)

[FAQs](https://intercom.help/sling-money/en/collections/3985639-frequently-
asked-questions)

[Status](https://statuspage.incident.io/sling)

[](https://www.facebook.com/Sling.Money/)

[](https://twitter.com/SlingMoney)

[](https://www.instagram.com/Sling.Money/)

[](https://www.linkedin.com/company/sling-money/)

[Â© 2024 Avian Labs, Inc.](https://avianlabs.net)

Registered Money Services Business in the United States, FinCEN registration
number is 31000228678609.

Registered Virtual Asset Service Provider in the Netherlands, the company
registration number 91273323.

[Careers](./careers)

[The team](./team)

[Legal Documents](./legal)

[Blog](./blog)

[FAQs](https://intercom.help/sling-money/en/collections/3985639-frequently-
asked-questions)

[Status](https://statuspage.incident.io/sling)

[](https://www.facebook.com/Sling.Money/)

[](https://twitter.com/SlingMoney)

[](https://www.instagram.com/Sling.Money/)

[](https://www.linkedin.com/company/sling-money/)

[Â© 2024 Avian Labs, Inc.](https://avianlabs.net)

Registered Money Services Business in the United States, FinCEN registration
number is 31000228678609.

Registered Virtual Asset Service Provider in the Netherlands, the company
registration number 91273323.

