s m a r t

w a l l e t s

a t

l i g h t s p e e d

[Squads](../)

[Protocol](../protocol)

[Extension](../extension)

[Use Cases](../use-cases)

[About](https://www.sqds.io/)

[Blog](../blog)

[](../)

Get started

[Squads](../)

[Protocol](../protocol)

[Extension](../extension)

[Use Cases](../use-cases)

[About](https://www.sqds.io/)

[Blog](../blog)

[](../)

Get started

[](../)

[](../)

[](../)

Product

Squads

Protocol

[Extension](../extension)

[Use Cases](../use-cases)

[Why Multisig](https://squads.so/blog/what-are-multisig-wallets)

Resources

[Github](https://github.com/Squads-Protocol)

[SDK](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@sqds/multisig)

[Documentation](https://docs.squads.so/main/basics/welcome-to-squads)

[Blog](../blog)

Company

[Brand assets](../brand-assets)

[About](../about)

[Twitter](https://twitter.com/squadsprotocol)

[Discord](https://discord.com/invite/YPXz64TrKs)

[Farcaster](https://warpcast.com/squads)

Legal

[Terms of Service](../legal/terms-of-service)

[Privacy Policy](https://gainsboro-items-473422.framer.app/legal/privacy-
policy)

All rights reserved

Â© Squads Protocol 2024

[](../)

Product

Squads

Protocol

[Extension](../extension)

[Use Cases](../use-cases)

[Why Multisig](https://squads.so/blog/what-are-multisig-wallets)

Resources

[Github](https://github.com/Squads-Protocol)

[SDK](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@sqds/multisig)

[Documentation](https://docs.squads.so/main/basics/welcome-to-squads)

[Blog](../blog)

Company

[Brand assets](../brand-assets)

[About](../about)

[Twitter](https://twitter.com/squadsprotocol)

[Discord](https://discord.com/invite/YPXz64TrKs)

[Farcaster](https://warpcast.com/squads)

Legal

[Terms of Service](../legal/terms-of-service)

[Privacy Policy](https://gainsboro-items-473422.framer.app/legal/privacy-
policy)

All rights reserved

Â© Squads Protocol 2024

# Introducing: Squads

# Introducing: Squads

# Introducing: Squads

# Introducing: Squads

Mar 1, 2023

![Squads Solana multisig platform manage developer assets treasury management
multisignature wallet program upgrades best solana wallet developer team
manage crypto
solana](https://framerusercontent.com/images/juNDYm2T0ghBgahPZtyR8x6Tuk.png)

![Squads Solana multisig platform manage developer assets treasury management
multisignature wallet program upgrades best solana wallet developer team
manage crypto
solana](https://framerusercontent.com/images/juNDYm2T0ghBgahPZtyR8x6Tuk.png)

![Squads Solana multisig platform manage developer assets treasury management
multisignature wallet program upgrades best solana wallet developer team
manage crypto
solana](https://framerusercontent.com/images/juNDYm2T0ghBgahPZtyR8x6Tuk.png)

![Squads Solana multisig platform manage developer assets treasury management
multisignature wallet program upgrades best solana wallet developer team
manage crypto
solana](https://framerusercontent.com/images/juNDYm2T0ghBgahPZtyR8x6Tuk.png)

If you want to learn about Squads, Squads Protocol and Squads Labs, but only
have time to read one article - this is it, this is the article.  
  

### TL;DR

![squads-labs-platform-squads-protocol-smart-contract-wallet-infrastructure-
solana-svm-rollups-multsig-multisignature-wallet-
squads](https://framerusercontent.com/images/DO9fJC4DKniLsu0ebwTChl5i0.png)

  * Squads is a crypto company operations platform that simplifies management of developer and treasury assets for teams building on Solana and SVM. With Squads, teams can secure their treasuries, programs, validators, tokens in a multisig and jointly manage them. Think of it as a SaaS like product for teams building crypto companies, protocols and products on SVM.

  * Squads is built on top of Squads Protocol - an open source, formally verified and immutable smart contract wallet infrastructure layer for Solana and SVM. Squads Protocol powers the multi-signature aspect of Squads allowing teams to manage various on-chain assets together in an intuitive, secure and decentralized way.

  * Squads Labs is a company that is developing Squads Protocol and is currently building various commercial products on top of it, including Squads ([squads.so](http://squads.so/)) and Fuse ([fuse.squads.so](http://fuse.squads.so/)) as well as working on the next iteration of the protocol (v4).  
  

## Introduction

![squads-solana-multisig-platform-treasury-and-developer-assets-management-
manage-token-on-solana-programs-validators-nft-solana-multisignature-wallet-
squads](https://framerusercontent.com/images/4YuTxJcw9SxQ6GwKfhDVtljg0.png)

The process of developing a protocol or product in crypto has many unique
aspects and challenges that do not exist in a traditional web2 environment.
Unique challenges require unique solutions. With this in mind, we have built
Squads to offer a user-friendly experience for crypto developers and operators
when it comes to managing their core developer and treasury assets throughout
the entire process of bringing their vision to life.

While every teamâs journey is unique, most teams at some point raise VC
funding or get a grant, deploy a program on chain, launch a token and start
their own validator. Squads solves three core problems when it comes to
managing these assets:

  * user experience - we have transformed a lot of the experiences that previously required developers to interact with the CLI into well-designed user flows all contained within an intuitive interface;

  * security - Squads is built on top of Squads Protocol which is a smart contract wallet infrastructure layer for Solana that allows to secure ownership of these assets with multi-signature logic, requiring multiple signatories to approve actions. That allows to decentralize control over these assets amongst the team and removes single points of failure;

  * transparency - by requiring multisig approvals for management of these assets, parsing a lot of the relevant data in our interface and making it human readable, we provide teams with much greater transparency, allowing for the main stakeholders to have more visibility and a way to approve actions critical for the development of their project.  
  

## Protocol

![squads-protocol-open-source-solana-immutable-protocol-formally-verified-
audited-by-neodyme-ottersec-audit-firm-solana-smart-contract-wallet-account-
abtstraction-infrastructure-solana-
squads](https://framerusercontent.com/images/HAWk5AgecBs8CJBNmjbCgMe4UU.png)

Squads is built on top of Squads Protocol - a library of programs on Solana
that together comprise the smart contract wallet layer for the ecosystem,
allowing developers to leverage program level account abstraction and build a
variety of products such as smart wallets and treasury management tools. Smart
contract wallets is the most programmable, secure and transparent
infrastructure layer for self-custody of crypto assets.

The most widely known example of a smart contract wallet is a multisig. They
have been around since the early days of Bitcoin and are widely used for the
purposes of self-custody of crypto assets across blockchains with Ethereum and
[Safe](https://gnosis-safe.io/) leading the charge in terms of adoption and
awareness. A multisig is a non-custodial solution where control over assets is
not exercised by a single private key, but rather by multiple private keys
acting as owners of a smart contract where the assets reside. It can be
thought of as a safe that requires multiple unique keys to open it and move
the assets. That means that even if one of the keys is compromised - the
assets are secure (no single point of failure).

Every Squad is a multisig at its core, which ensures that any transaction or
action taken within Squads requires the approval of multiple members of the
team. As a result, the risk of unauthorized or malicious activity is greatly
reduced, as it becomes impossible for a single owner to access and manipulate
funds or trigger harmful transactions to the protocol.

Squads Labs has been developing Squads Protocol since May 2021 and the current
version (v3) has been finalized and made immutable in February 2023. Squads
Labs is currently working on the next iteration of the protocol (v4) which
will allow for greater programmability, permissioning and many other advanced
features.

To ensure security and reliability of the protocol we made sure that itâs:

  * Open source (<https://github.com/Squads-Protocol/squads-mpl>)

  * Immutable (<https://solana.fm/address/SMPLecH534NA9acpos4G6x7uf3LWbCAwZQE9e8ZekMu?cluster=mainnet-solanafmbeta>)

  * Formally verified (<https://osec.io/blog/2023-01-26-formally-verifying-solana-programs>)

  * 3x times audited by Neodyme, OtterSec and Bramah Systems.

As of February 2022 close to USD 500 million in value has been secured by
Squads Protocol.

![squads-platform-value-stored-tvl-programs-delegated-how-many-projects-are-
using-squads-
solana](https://framerusercontent.com/images/lqInOQ7ynmYoCLKKoWS0Xxb0Kg.png)

##  
Platform

At Squads we have identified that teams coming to build on Solana acquire two
main types of on-chain assets throughout the lifetime of building out their
projects: (1) treasury assets (VC funding, grants, revenue); and (2) developer
assets (program, token, validator). Our product offering simplifies ownership
and management of both as well providing a multi-signature functionality for
securing them.

### Treasury assets

![solana-treasury-management-multisig-security-staking-nfts-
solana](https://framerusercontent.com/images/NgK5xpXIm3jKpiUoRJDrOHAK5JM.png)

When designing the treasury management aspect of Squads, we focused on
fundamentals and figured out the main pain points teams run into when managing
their treasury assets on-chain, which translated into a feature set allowing
teams to:

  * Secure their treasury (fungible tokens and NFTs) in a multisig

  * Swap treasury assets (thanks to [Jupiter Exchange](https://jup.ag/))

  * Stake SOL with any Solana validator or various liquid staking providers

  * Track balance of their vault and view historical data

  * Add contacts and easily send transactions to them

  * Send crypto to multiple addresses in a single transactions

  * Interact with various dapps in protocols in the Solana ecosystem to diversify their treasury.

### Developer assets

![solana-multisig-program-upgrades-multisignature-programs-management-upgrade-
authority-key-developers-assets-validators-solana-tokens-tx-builder-squads-
platform](https://framerusercontent.com/images/p4yliCVsrimer5M53LBOesdRs.png)

Developer journey for teams building on Solana is full of surprises and
chewing glass, so we wanted to make sure that when it comes to securing and
managing core developer assets the experience is smooth and intuitive.

Program upgrades workflow and custody of the program upgrade authority are
both burning questions for any team that ships to mainnet. He who controls the
upgrade authority - controls the program, so the stakes are as high as they
can be. With Squads, teams can transfer upgrade authority to a multisig, thus
ensuring that control over the program does not reside with a single key. Once
the authority is with a Squad, program upgrades happen via our user flow and
require multisig approval before deployments allowing for greater security,
transparency and decentralization.

Withdraw authority to a validator and token authority for your protocol token
can be secured in a Squad and managed via user flows and dashboards we have
built out for both.

Finally, the transaction builder allows to create custom transactions and
populate them with arbitrary instructions providing an open design space for
developers to craft custom workflows for interacting with their own or third
party programs on Solana.

Squads is widely adopted by teams on Solana with treasury management, program
management and transaction building being the most popular features to date.
Our users include teams like Marginfi, Drift, Helius, Kamino, Clockwork, Pyth,
Raydium, Jito and many others.  
  

## Labs

![squads-labs-contributor-squads-platform-squads-protocol-fuse-solana-smart-
wallet-
squads](https://framerusercontent.com/images/sy3RDJJPzag3gizx3qmjJ7G8Y.png)

[Squads Labs](http://sqds.io/) is a company that is the main contributor to
Squads Protocol as well an entity delivering various product experiences on
top of it. More information about the team can be found
[here](https://squads.so/about).

Our partners and investors include Multicoin Capital, Jump Crypto, Collab +
Currency, Delphi Digital, Reciprocal Ventures, Solana Ventures and others.  
  

### Get Started:

_Squads platform:  _[_https://v3.squads.so/_](https://v3.squads.so/)_  
Read the documentation:
_[_https://docs.squads.so/squads-v3-docs/_](https://docs.squads.so/squads-v3-docs/)_  
Review the code:  _[_https://github.com/Squads-Protocol/squads-
mpl_](https://github.com/Squads-Protocol/squads-mpl) _  
Join the community:
_[_https://discord.com/invite/tYpY9UfRFx_](https://discord.com/invite/tYpY9UfRFx)

If you want to learn about Squads, Squads Protocol and Squads Labs, but only
have time to read one article - this is it, this is the article.  
  

### TL;DR

![squads-labs-platform-squads-protocol-smart-contract-wallet-infrastructure-
solana-svm-rollups-multsig-multisignature-wallet-
squads](https://framerusercontent.com/images/DO9fJC4DKniLsu0ebwTChl5i0.png)

  * Squads is a crypto company operations platform that simplifies management of developer and treasury assets for teams building on Solana and SVM. With Squads, teams can secure their treasuries, programs, validators, tokens in a multisig and jointly manage them. Think of it as a SaaS like product for teams building crypto companies, protocols and products on SVM.

  * Squads is built on top of Squads Protocol - an open source, formally verified and immutable smart contract wallet infrastructure layer for Solana and SVM. Squads Protocol powers the multi-signature aspect of Squads allowing teams to manage various on-chain assets together in an intuitive, secure and decentralized way.

  * Squads Labs is a company that is developing Squads Protocol and is currently building various commercial products on top of it, including Squads ([squads.so](http://squads.so/)) and Fuse ([fuse.squads.so](http://fuse.squads.so/)) as well as working on the next iteration of the protocol (v4).  
  

## Introduction

![squads-solana-multisig-platform-treasury-and-developer-assets-management-
manage-token-on-solana-programs-validators-nft-solana-multisignature-wallet-
squads](https://framerusercontent.com/images/4YuTxJcw9SxQ6GwKfhDVtljg0.png)

The process of developing a protocol or product in crypto has many unique
aspects and challenges that do not exist in a traditional web2 environment.
Unique challenges require unique solutions. With this in mind, we have built
Squads to offer a user-friendly experience for crypto developers and operators
when it comes to managing their core developer and treasury assets throughout
the entire process of bringing their vision to life.

While every teamâs journey is unique, most teams at some point raise VC
funding or get a grant, deploy a program on chain, launch a token and start
their own validator. Squads solves three core problems when it comes to
managing these assets:

  * user experience - we have transformed a lot of the experiences that previously required developers to interact with the CLI into well-designed user flows all contained within an intuitive interface;

  * security - Squads is built on top of Squads Protocol which is a smart contract wallet infrastructure layer for Solana that allows to secure ownership of these assets with multi-signature logic, requiring multiple signatories to approve actions. That allows to decentralize control over these assets amongst the team and removes single points of failure;

  * transparency - by requiring multisig approvals for management of these assets, parsing a lot of the relevant data in our interface and making it human readable, we provide teams with much greater transparency, allowing for the main stakeholders to have more visibility and a way to approve actions critical for the development of their project.  
  

## Protocol

![squads-protocol-open-source-solana-immutable-protocol-formally-verified-
audited-by-neodyme-ottersec-audit-firm-solana-smart-contract-wallet-account-
abtstraction-infrastructure-solana-
squads](https://framerusercontent.com/images/HAWk5AgecBs8CJBNmjbCgMe4UU.png)

Squads is built on top of Squads Protocol - a library of programs on Solana
that together comprise the smart contract wallet layer for the ecosystem,
allowing developers to leverage program level account abstraction and build a
variety of products such as smart wallets and treasury management tools. Smart
contract wallets is the most programmable, secure and transparent
infrastructure layer for self-custody of crypto assets.

The most widely known example of a smart contract wallet is a multisig. They
have been around since the early days of Bitcoin and are widely used for the
purposes of self-custody of crypto assets across blockchains with Ethereum and
[Safe](https://gnosis-safe.io/) leading the charge in terms of adoption and
awareness. A multisig is a non-custodial solution where control over assets is
not exercised by a single private key, but rather by multiple private keys
acting as owners of a smart contract where the assets reside. It can be
thought of as a safe that requires multiple unique keys to open it and move
the assets. That means that even if one of the keys is compromised - the
assets are secure (no single point of failure).

Every Squad is a multisig at its core, which ensures that any transaction or
action taken within Squads requires the approval of multiple members of the
team. As a result, the risk of unauthorized or malicious activity is greatly
reduced, as it becomes impossible for a single owner to access and manipulate
funds or trigger harmful transactions to the protocol.

Squads Labs has been developing Squads Protocol since May 2021 and the current
version (v3) has been finalized and made immutable in February 2023. Squads
Labs is currently working on the next iteration of the protocol (v4) which
will allow for greater programmability, permissioning and many other advanced
features.

To ensure security and reliability of the protocol we made sure that itâs:

  * Open source (<https://github.com/Squads-Protocol/squads-mpl>)

  * Immutable (<https://solana.fm/address/SMPLecH534NA9acpos4G6x7uf3LWbCAwZQE9e8ZekMu?cluster=mainnet-solanafmbeta>)

  * Formally verified (<https://osec.io/blog/2023-01-26-formally-verifying-solana-programs>)

  * 3x times audited by Neodyme, OtterSec and Bramah Systems.

As of February 2022 close to USD 500 million in value has been secured by
Squads Protocol.

![squads-platform-value-stored-tvl-programs-delegated-how-many-projects-are-
using-squads-
solana](https://framerusercontent.com/images/lqInOQ7ynmYoCLKKoWS0Xxb0Kg.png)

##  
Platform

At Squads we have identified that teams coming to build on Solana acquire two
main types of on-chain assets throughout the lifetime of building out their
projects: (1) treasury assets (VC funding, grants, revenue); and (2) developer
assets (program, token, validator). Our product offering simplifies ownership
and management of both as well providing a multi-signature functionality for
securing them.

### Treasury assets

![solana-treasury-management-multisig-security-staking-nfts-
solana](https://framerusercontent.com/images/NgK5xpXIm3jKpiUoRJDrOHAK5JM.png)

When designing the treasury management aspect of Squads, we focused on
fundamentals and figured out the main pain points teams run into when managing
their treasury assets on-chain, which translated into a feature set allowing
teams to:

  * Secure their treasury (fungible tokens and NFTs) in a multisig

  * Swap treasury assets (thanks to [Jupiter Exchange](https://jup.ag/))

  * Stake SOL with any Solana validator or various liquid staking providers

  * Track balance of their vault and view historical data

  * Add contacts and easily send transactions to them

  * Send crypto to multiple addresses in a single transactions

  * Interact with various dapps in protocols in the Solana ecosystem to diversify their treasury.

### Developer assets

![solana-multisig-program-upgrades-multisignature-programs-management-upgrade-
authority-key-developers-assets-validators-solana-tokens-tx-builder-squads-
platform](https://framerusercontent.com/images/p4yliCVsrimer5M53LBOesdRs.png)

Developer journey for teams building on Solana is full of surprises and
chewing glass, so we wanted to make sure that when it comes to securing and
managing core developer assets the experience is smooth and intuitive.

Program upgrades workflow and custody of the program upgrade authority are
both burning questions for any team that ships to mainnet. He who controls the
upgrade authority - controls the program, so the stakes are as high as they
can be. With Squads, teams can transfer upgrade authority to a multisig, thus
ensuring that control over the program does not reside with a single key. Once
the authority is with a Squad, program upgrades happen via our user flow and
require multisig approval before deployments allowing for greater security,
transparency and decentralization.

Withdraw authority to a validator and token authority for your protocol token
can be secured in a Squad and managed via user flows and dashboards we have
built out for both.

Finally, the transaction builder allows to create custom transactions and
populate them with arbitrary instructions providing an open design space for
developers to craft custom workflows for interacting with their own or third
party programs on Solana.

Squads is widely adopted by teams on Solana with treasury management, program
management and transaction building being the most popular features to date.
Our users include teams like Marginfi, Drift, Helius, Kamino, Clockwork, Pyth,
Raydium, Jito and many others.  
  

## Labs

![squads-labs-contributor-squads-platform-squads-protocol-fuse-solana-smart-
wallet-
squads](https://framerusercontent.com/images/sy3RDJJPzag3gizx3qmjJ7G8Y.png)

[Squads Labs](http://sqds.io/) is a company that is the main contributor to
Squads Protocol as well an entity delivering various product experiences on
top of it. More information about the team can be found
[here](https://squads.so/about).

Our partners and investors include Multicoin Capital, Jump Crypto, Collab +
Currency, Delphi Digital, Reciprocal Ventures, Solana Ventures and others.  
  

### Get Started:

_Squads platform:  _[_https://v3.squads.so/_](https://v3.squads.so/)_  
Read the documentation:
_[_https://docs.squads.so/squads-v3-docs/_](https://docs.squads.so/squads-v3-docs/)_  
Review the code:  _[_https://github.com/Squads-Protocol/squads-
mpl_](https://github.com/Squads-Protocol/squads-mpl) _  
Join the community:
_[_https://discord.com/invite/tYpY9UfRFx_](https://discord.com/invite/tYpY9UfRFx)

If you want to learn about Squads, Squads Protocol and Squads Labs, but only
have time to read one article - this is it, this is the article.  
  

### TL;DR

![squads-labs-platform-squads-protocol-smart-contract-wallet-infrastructure-
solana-svm-rollups-multsig-multisignature-wallet-
squads](https://framerusercontent.com/images/DO9fJC4DKniLsu0ebwTChl5i0.png)

  * Squads is a crypto company operations platform that simplifies management of developer and treasury assets for teams building on Solana and SVM. With Squads, teams can secure their treasuries, programs, validators, tokens in a multisig and jointly manage them. Think of it as a SaaS like product for teams building crypto companies, protocols and products on SVM.

  * Squads is built on top of Squads Protocol - an open source, formally verified and immutable smart contract wallet infrastructure layer for Solana and SVM. Squads Protocol powers the multi-signature aspect of Squads allowing teams to manage various on-chain assets together in an intuitive, secure and decentralized way.

  * Squads Labs is a company that is developing Squads Protocol and is currently building various commercial products on top of it, including Squads ([squads.so](http://squads.so/)) and Fuse ([fuse.squads.so](http://fuse.squads.so/)) as well as working on the next iteration of the protocol (v4).  
  

## Introduction

![squads-solana-multisig-platform-treasury-and-developer-assets-management-
manage-token-on-solana-programs-validators-nft-solana-multisignature-wallet-
squads](https://framerusercontent.com/images/4YuTxJcw9SxQ6GwKfhDVtljg0.png)

The process of developing a protocol or product in crypto has many unique
aspects and challenges that do not exist in a traditional web2 environment.
Unique challenges require unique solutions. With this in mind, we have built
Squads to offer a user-friendly experience for crypto developers and operators
when it comes to managing their core developer and treasury assets throughout
the entire process of bringing their vision to life.

While every teamâs journey is unique, most teams at some point raise VC
funding or get a grant, deploy a program on chain, launch a token and start
their own validator. Squads solves three core problems when it comes to
managing these assets:

  * user experience - we have transformed a lot of the experiences that previously required developers to interact with the CLI into well-designed user flows all contained within an intuitive interface;

  * security - Squads is built on top of Squads Protocol which is a smart contract wallet infrastructure layer for Solana that allows to secure ownership of these assets with multi-signature logic, requiring multiple signatories to approve actions. That allows to decentralize control over these assets amongst the team and removes single points of failure;

  * transparency - by requiring multisig approvals for management of these assets, parsing a lot of the relevant data in our interface and making it human readable, we provide teams with much greater transparency, allowing for the main stakeholders to have more visibility and a way to approve actions critical for the development of their project.  
  

## Protocol

![squads-protocol-open-source-solana-immutable-protocol-formally-verified-
audited-by-neodyme-ottersec-audit-firm-solana-smart-contract-wallet-account-
abtstraction-infrastructure-solana-
squads](https://framerusercontent.com/images/HAWk5AgecBs8CJBNmjbCgMe4UU.png)

Squads is built on top of Squads Protocol - a library of programs on Solana
that together comprise the smart contract wallet layer for the ecosystem,
allowing developers to leverage program level account abstraction and build a
variety of products such as smart wallets and treasury management tools. Smart
contract wallets is the most programmable, secure and transparent
infrastructure layer for self-custody of crypto assets.

The most widely known example of a smart contract wallet is a multisig. They
have been around since the early days of Bitcoin and are widely used for the
purposes of self-custody of crypto assets across blockchains with Ethereum and
[Safe](https://gnosis-safe.io/) leading the charge in terms of adoption and
awareness. A multisig is a non-custodial solution where control over assets is
not exercised by a single private key, but rather by multiple private keys
acting as owners of a smart contract where the assets reside. It can be
thought of as a safe that requires multiple unique keys to open it and move
the assets. That means that even if one of the keys is compromised - the
assets are secure (no single point of failure).

Every Squad is a multisig at its core, which ensures that any transaction or
action taken within Squads requires the approval of multiple members of the
team. As a result, the risk of unauthorized or malicious activity is greatly
reduced, as it becomes impossible for a single owner to access and manipulate
funds or trigger harmful transactions to the protocol.

Squads Labs has been developing Squads Protocol since May 2021 and the current
version (v3) has been finalized and made immutable in February 2023. Squads
Labs is currently working on the next iteration of the protocol (v4) which
will allow for greater programmability, permissioning and many other advanced
features.

To ensure security and reliability of the protocol we made sure that itâs:

  * Open source (<https://github.com/Squads-Protocol/squads-mpl>)

  * Immutable (<https://solana.fm/address/SMPLecH534NA9acpos4G6x7uf3LWbCAwZQE9e8ZekMu?cluster=mainnet-solanafmbeta>)

  * Formally verified (<https://osec.io/blog/2023-01-26-formally-verifying-solana-programs>)

  * 3x times audited by Neodyme, OtterSec and Bramah Systems.

As of February 2022 close to USD 500 million in value has been secured by
Squads Protocol.

![squads-platform-value-stored-tvl-programs-delegated-how-many-projects-are-
using-squads-
solana](https://framerusercontent.com/images/lqInOQ7ynmYoCLKKoWS0Xxb0Kg.png)

##  
Platform

At Squads we have identified that teams coming to build on Solana acquire two
main types of on-chain assets throughout the lifetime of building out their
projects: (1) treasury assets (VC funding, grants, revenue); and (2) developer
assets (program, token, validator). Our product offering simplifies ownership
and management of both as well providing a multi-signature functionality for
securing them.

### Treasury assets

![solana-treasury-management-multisig-security-staking-nfts-
solana](https://framerusercontent.com/images/NgK5xpXIm3jKpiUoRJDrOHAK5JM.png)

When designing the treasury management aspect of Squads, we focused on
fundamentals and figured out the main pain points teams run into when managing
their treasury assets on-chain, which translated into a feature set allowing
teams to:

  * Secure their treasury (fungible tokens and NFTs) in a multisig

  * Swap treasury assets (thanks to [Jupiter Exchange](https://jup.ag/))

  * Stake SOL with any Solana validator or various liquid staking providers

  * Track balance of their vault and view historical data

  * Add contacts and easily send transactions to them

  * Send crypto to multiple addresses in a single transactions

  * Interact with various dapps in protocols in the Solana ecosystem to diversify their treasury.

### Developer assets

![solana-multisig-program-upgrades-multisignature-programs-management-upgrade-
authority-key-developers-assets-validators-solana-tokens-tx-builder-squads-
platform](https://framerusercontent.com/images/p4yliCVsrimer5M53LBOesdRs.png)

Developer journey for teams building on Solana is full of surprises and
chewing glass, so we wanted to make sure that when it comes to securing and
managing core developer assets the experience is smooth and intuitive.

Program upgrades workflow and custody of the program upgrade authority are
both burning questions for any team that ships to mainnet. He who controls the
upgrade authority - controls the program, so the stakes are as high as they
can be. With Squads, teams can transfer upgrade authority to a multisig, thus
ensuring that control over the program does not reside with a single key. Once
the authority is with a Squad, program upgrades happen via our user flow and
require multisig approval before deployments allowing for greater security,
transparency and decentralization.

Withdraw authority to a validator and token authority for your protocol token
can be secured in a Squad and managed via user flows and dashboards we have
built out for both.

Finally, the transaction builder allows to create custom transactions and
populate them with arbitrary instructions providing an open design space for
developers to craft custom workflows for interacting with their own or third
party programs on Solana.

Squads is widely adopted by teams on Solana with treasury management, program
management and transaction building being the most popular features to date.
Our users include teams like Marginfi, Drift, Helius, Kamino, Clockwork, Pyth,
Raydium, Jito and many others.  
  

## Labs

![squads-labs-contributor-squads-platform-squads-protocol-fuse-solana-smart-
wallet-
squads](https://framerusercontent.com/images/sy3RDJJPzag3gizx3qmjJ7G8Y.png)

[Squads Labs](http://sqds.io/) is a company that is the main contributor to
Squads Protocol as well an entity delivering various product experiences on
top of it. More information about the team can be found
[here](https://squads.so/about).

Our partners and investors include Multicoin Capital, Jump Crypto, Collab +
Currency, Delphi Digital, Reciprocal Ventures, Solana Ventures and others.  
  

### Get Started:

_Squads platform:  _[_https://v3.squads.so/_](https://v3.squads.so/)_  
Read the documentation:
_[_https://docs.squads.so/squads-v3-docs/_](https://docs.squads.so/squads-v3-docs/)_  
Review the code:  _[_https://github.com/Squads-Protocol/squads-
mpl_](https://github.com/Squads-Protocol/squads-mpl) _  
Join the community:
_[_https://discord.com/invite/tYpY9UfRFx_](https://discord.com/invite/tYpY9UfRFx)

If you want to learn about Squads, Squads Protocol and Squads Labs, but only
have time to read one article - this is it, this is the article.  
  

### TL;DR

![squads-labs-platform-squads-protocol-smart-contract-wallet-infrastructure-
solana-svm-rollups-multsig-multisignature-wallet-
squads](https://framerusercontent.com/images/DO9fJC4DKniLsu0ebwTChl5i0.png)

  * Squads is a crypto company operations platform that simplifies management of developer and treasury assets for teams building on Solana and SVM. With Squads, teams can secure their treasuries, programs, validators, tokens in a multisig and jointly manage them. Think of it as a SaaS like product for teams building crypto companies, protocols and products on SVM.

  * Squads is built on top of Squads Protocol - an open source, formally verified and immutable smart contract wallet infrastructure layer for Solana and SVM. Squads Protocol powers the multi-signature aspect of Squads allowing teams to manage various on-chain assets together in an intuitive, secure and decentralized way.

  * Squads Labs is a company that is developing Squads Protocol and is currently building various commercial products on top of it, including Squads ([squads.so](http://squads.so/)) and Fuse ([fuse.squads.so](http://fuse.squads.so/)) as well as working on the next iteration of the protocol (v4).  
  

## Introduction

![squads-solana-multisig-platform-treasury-and-developer-assets-management-
manage-token-on-solana-programs-validators-nft-solana-multisignature-wallet-
squads](https://framerusercontent.com/images/4YuTxJcw9SxQ6GwKfhDVtljg0.png)

The process of developing a protocol or product in crypto has many unique
aspects and challenges that do not exist in a traditional web2 environment.
Unique challenges require unique solutions. With this in mind, we have built
Squads to offer a user-friendly experience for crypto developers and operators
when it comes to managing their core developer and treasury assets throughout
the entire process of bringing their vision to life.

While every teamâs journey is unique, most teams at some point raise VC
funding or get a grant, deploy a program on chain, launch a token and start
their own validator. Squads solves three core problems when it comes to
managing these assets:

  * user experience - we have transformed a lot of the experiences that previously required developers to interact with the CLI into well-designed user flows all contained within an intuitive interface;

  * security - Squads is built on top of Squads Protocol which is a smart contract wallet infrastructure layer for Solana that allows to secure ownership of these assets with multi-signature logic, requiring multiple signatories to approve actions. That allows to decentralize control over these assets amongst the team and removes single points of failure;

  * transparency - by requiring multisig approvals for management of these assets, parsing a lot of the relevant data in our interface and making it human readable, we provide teams with much greater transparency, allowing for the main stakeholders to have more visibility and a way to approve actions critical for the development of their project.  
  

## Protocol

![squads-protocol-open-source-solana-immutable-protocol-formally-verified-
audited-by-neodyme-ottersec-audit-firm-solana-smart-contract-wallet-account-
abtstraction-infrastructure-solana-
squads](https://framerusercontent.com/images/HAWk5AgecBs8CJBNmjbCgMe4UU.png)

Squads is built on top of Squads Protocol - a library of programs on Solana
that together comprise the smart contract wallet layer for the ecosystem,
allowing developers to leverage program level account abstraction and build a
variety of products such as smart wallets and treasury management tools. Smart
contract wallets is the most programmable, secure and transparent
infrastructure layer for self-custody of crypto assets.

The most widely known example of a smart contract wallet is a multisig. They
have been around since the early days of Bitcoin and are widely used for the
purposes of self-custody of crypto assets across blockchains with Ethereum and
[Safe](https://gnosis-safe.io/) leading the charge in terms of adoption and
awareness. A multisig is a non-custodial solution where control over assets is
not exercised by a single private key, but rather by multiple private keys
acting as owners of a smart contract where the assets reside. It can be
thought of as a safe that requires multiple unique keys to open it and move
the assets. That means that even if one of the keys is compromised - the
assets are secure (no single point of failure).

Every Squad is a multisig at its core, which ensures that any transaction or
action taken within Squads requires the approval of multiple members of the
team. As a result, the risk of unauthorized or malicious activity is greatly
reduced, as it becomes impossible for a single owner to access and manipulate
funds or trigger harmful transactions to the protocol.

Squads Labs has been developing Squads Protocol since May 2021 and the current
version (v3) has been finalized and made immutable in February 2023. Squads
Labs is currently working on the next iteration of the protocol (v4) which
will allow for greater programmability, permissioning and many other advanced
features.

To ensure security and reliability of the protocol we made sure that itâs:

  * Open source (<https://github.com/Squads-Protocol/squads-mpl>)

  * Immutable (<https://solana.fm/address/SMPLecH534NA9acpos4G6x7uf3LWbCAwZQE9e8ZekMu?cluster=mainnet-solanafmbeta>)

  * Formally verified (<https://osec.io/blog/2023-01-26-formally-verifying-solana-programs>)

  * 3x times audited by Neodyme, OtterSec and Bramah Systems.

As of February 2022 close to USD 500 million in value has been secured by
Squads Protocol.

![squads-platform-value-stored-tvl-programs-delegated-how-many-projects-are-
using-squads-
solana](https://framerusercontent.com/images/lqInOQ7ynmYoCLKKoWS0Xxb0Kg.png)

##  
Platform

At Squads we have identified that teams coming to build on Solana acquire two
main types of on-chain assets throughout the lifetime of building out their
projects: (1) treasury assets (VC funding, grants, revenue); and (2) developer
assets (program, token, validator). Our product offering simplifies ownership
and management of both as well providing a multi-signature functionality for
securing them.

### Treasury assets

![solana-treasury-management-multisig-security-staking-nfts-
solana](https://framerusercontent.com/images/NgK5xpXIm3jKpiUoRJDrOHAK5JM.png)

When designing the treasury management aspect of Squads, we focused on
fundamentals and figured out the main pain points teams run into when managing
their treasury assets on-chain, which translated into a feature set allowing
teams to:

  * Secure their treasury (fungible tokens and NFTs) in a multisig

  * Swap treasury assets (thanks to [Jupiter Exchange](https://jup.ag/))

  * Stake SOL with any Solana validator or various liquid staking providers

  * Track balance of their vault and view historical data

  * Add contacts and easily send transactions to them

  * Send crypto to multiple addresses in a single transactions

  * Interact with various dapps in protocols in the Solana ecosystem to diversify their treasury.

### Developer assets

![solana-multisig-program-upgrades-multisignature-programs-management-upgrade-
authority-key-developers-assets-validators-solana-tokens-tx-builder-squads-
platform](https://framerusercontent.com/images/p4yliCVsrimer5M53LBOesdRs.png)

Developer journey for teams building on Solana is full of surprises and
chewing glass, so we wanted to make sure that when it comes to securing and
managing core developer assets the experience is smooth and intuitive.

Program upgrades workflow and custody of the program upgrade authority are
both burning questions for any team that ships to mainnet. He who controls the
upgrade authority - controls the program, so the stakes are as high as they
can be. With Squads, teams can transfer upgrade authority to a multisig, thus
ensuring that control over the program does not reside with a single key. Once
the authority is with a Squad, program upgrades happen via our user flow and
require multisig approval before deployments allowing for greater security,
transparency and decentralization.

Withdraw authority to a validator and token authority for your protocol token
can be secured in a Squad and managed via user flows and dashboards we have
built out for both.

Finally, the transaction builder allows to create custom transactions and
populate them with arbitrary instructions providing an open design space for
developers to craft custom workflows for interacting with their own or third
party programs on Solana.

Squads is widely adopted by teams on Solana with treasury management, program
management and transaction building being the most popular features to date.
Our users include teams like Marginfi, Drift, Helius, Kamino, Clockwork, Pyth,
Raydium, Jito and many others.  
  

## Labs

![squads-labs-contributor-squads-platform-squads-protocol-fuse-solana-smart-
wallet-
squads](https://framerusercontent.com/images/sy3RDJJPzag3gizx3qmjJ7G8Y.png)

[Squads Labs](http://sqds.io/) is a company that is the main contributor to
Squads Protocol as well an entity delivering various product experiences on
top of it. More information about the team can be found
[here](https://squads.so/about).

Our partners and investors include Multicoin Capital, Jump Crypto, Collab +
Currency, Delphi Digital, Reciprocal Ventures, Solana Ventures and others.  
  

### Get Started:

_Squads platform:  _[_https://v3.squads.so/_](https://v3.squads.so/)_  
Read the documentation:
_[_https://docs.squads.so/squads-v3-docs/_](https://docs.squads.so/squads-v3-docs/)_  
Review the code:  _[_https://github.com/Squads-Protocol/squads-
mpl_](https://github.com/Squads-Protocol/squads-mpl) _  
Join the community:
_[_https://discord.com/invite/tYpY9UfRFx_](https://discord.com/invite/tYpY9UfRFx)

Continue reading

Continue reading

Continue reading

Continue reading

[![Turn on Rent Reclaim for cost-effective
transactions](https://framerusercontent.com/images/eOILakO7M19S8jwBSRmPIXJhg.png)Rent
Reclaim: Enjoy Cost-Effective TransactionsMay 17, 2024](./update-rent-
reclaim)[![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/WOKbvF0y1nHBuYDN78pvmWH8zU.png)
Squads Validator: The Most Secure Way to Stake SOLMay 17, 2024](./update-
introducing-squads-validator)[![Use Squads Token Manager for Token Extensions
and Token Metadata
Updates](https://framerusercontent.com/images/7HnkhwbJM5yCrT3XKC9bXCdaoM.png)Squads
Token Manager: Now Supporting Token Extensions and Metadata UpdatesMay 17,
2024](./update-token-manager-token-extensions-and-metadata-updates)

[![Turn on Rent Reclaim for cost-effective
transactions](https://framerusercontent.com/images/eOILakO7M19S8jwBSRmPIXJhg.png)Rent
Reclaim: Enjoy Cost-Effective TransactionsMay 17, 2024](./update-rent-
reclaim)[![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/WOKbvF0y1nHBuYDN78pvmWH8zU.png)
Squads Validator: The Most Secure Way to Stake SOLMay 17, 2024](./update-
introducing-squads-validator)[![Use Squads Token Manager for Token Extensions
and Token Metadata
Updates](https://framerusercontent.com/images/7HnkhwbJM5yCrT3XKC9bXCdaoM.png)Squads
Token Manager: Now Supporting Token Extensions and Metadata UpdatesMay 17,
2024](./update-token-manager-token-extensions-and-metadata-updates)

[![Turn on Rent Reclaim for cost-effective
transactions](https://framerusercontent.com/images/eOILakO7M19S8jwBSRmPIXJhg.png)Rent
Reclaim: Enjoy Cost-Effective TransactionsMay 17, 2024](./update-rent-
reclaim)[![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/WOKbvF0y1nHBuYDN78pvmWH8zU.png)
Squads Validator: The Most Secure Way to Stake SOLMay 17, 2024](./update-
introducing-squads-validator)[![Use Squads Token Manager for Token Extensions
and Token Metadata
Updates](https://framerusercontent.com/images/7HnkhwbJM5yCrT3XKC9bXCdaoM.png)Squads
Token Manager: Now Supporting Token Extensions and Metadata UpdatesMay 17,
2024](./update-token-manager-token-extensions-and-metadata-updates)

[![Turn on Rent Reclaim for cost-effective
transactions](https://framerusercontent.com/images/eOILakO7M19S8jwBSRmPIXJhg.png)Rent
Reclaim: Enjoy Cost-Effective TransactionsMay 17, 2024](./update-rent-
reclaim)[![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/WOKbvF0y1nHBuYDN78pvmWH8zU.png)
Squads Validator: The Most Secure Way to Stake SOLMay 17, 2024](./update-
introducing-squads-validator)[![Use Squads Token Manager for Token Extensions
and Token Metadata
Updates](https://framerusercontent.com/images/7HnkhwbJM5yCrT3XKC9bXCdaoM.png)Squads
Token Manager: Now Supporting Token Extensions and Metadata UpdatesMay 17,
2024](./update-token-manager-token-extensions-and-metadata-updates)

[](../)

All rights reserved

Â© Squads Protocol 2024

Product

[Squads](../)

[Protocol](../protocol)

[Extension](../extension)

[Use Cases](../use-cases)

[Why Multisig](https://squads.so/blog/what-are-multisig-wallets)

Resources

[Github](https://github.com/Squads-Protocol)

[SDK](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@sqds/multisig)

[Documentation](https://docs.squads.so/main/basics/welcome-to-squads)

[Blog](../blog)

[Multisig vs MPC](https://squads.so/blog/mpc-wallets-risks-vs-multisig)

Company

[About](../about)

[Brand assets](../brand-assets)

[Twitter](https://twitter.com/squadsprotocol)

[Discord](https://discord.com/invite/YPXz64TrKs)

[Farcaster](https://warpcast.com/squads)

Legal

[Terms of Service](../legal/terms-of-service)

[Privacy Policy](../legal/privacy-policy)

[](../)

All rights reserved

Â© Squads Protocol 2024

Product

[Squads](../)

[Protocol](../protocol)

[Extension](../extension)

[Use Cases](../use-cases)

[Why Multisig](https://squads.so/blog/what-are-multisig-wallets)

Resources

[Github](https://github.com/Squads-Protocol)

[SDK](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@sqds/multisig)

[Documentation](https://docs.squads.so/main/basics/welcome-to-squads)

[Blog](../blog)

[Multisig vs MPC](https://squads.so/blog/mpc-wallets-risks-vs-multisig)

Company

[About](../about)

[Brand assets](../brand-assets)

[Twitter](https://twitter.com/squadsprotocol)

[Discord](https://discord.com/invite/YPXz64TrKs)

[Farcaster](https://warpcast.com/squads)

Legal

[Terms of Service](../legal/terms-of-service)

[Privacy Policy](../legal/privacy-policy)

[](../)

All rights reserved

Â© Squads Protocol 2024

Product

[Squads](../)

[Protocol](../protocol)

[Extension](../extension)

[Use Cases](../use-cases)

[Why Multisig](https://squads.so/blog/what-are-multisig-wallets)

Resources

[Github](https://github.com/Squads-Protocol)

[SDK](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@sqds/multisig)

[Documentation](https://docs.squads.so/main/basics/welcome-to-squads)

[Blog](../blog)

[Multisig vs MPC](https://squads.so/blog/mpc-wallets-risks-vs-multisig)

Company

[About](../about)

[Brand assets](../brand-assets)

[Twitter](https://twitter.com/squadsprotocol)

[Discord](https://discord.com/invite/YPXz64TrKs)

[Farcaster](https://warpcast.com/squads)

Legal

[Terms of Service](../legal/terms-of-service)

[Privacy Policy](../legal/privacy-policy)

[Contact us](https://discord.com/invite/YPXz64TrKs)

