Metaco.com will be sunset as of June 7, 2024

[Learn more](https://ripple.com/solutions/digital-asset-custody/ "Learn more")

Skip to main content

[![Metaco](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/logo.svg?x88149)![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/logo-w.svg?x88149)](https://www.metaco.com)

  * Solutions __

__Solutions

Solutions

    * [__Global Custodians Build tomorrow's market infrastructure ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/global-custodians-top-tier-banks/)
    * [__Universal Banks Satisfy demand for new asset classes ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/universal-banks/)
    * [__Neobanks & FintechsFind new routes to monetization ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/neobanks-fintechs/)
    * [__Regulated Exchanges Grow volumes and profit margins ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/regulated-exchanges/)
    * [__Corporates Boost customer loyalty and engagement ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/corporates/)

  * Platform __

__Platform

Platform

Deploy ambitious digital asset use cases with the most secure and versatile
infrastructure.

    * [__Harmonize™ Platform Overview Issue, store, trade, transfer, settle and service any type of digital asset. ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/harmonize/)
    * [__Custody Hot, warm and institutional cold storage ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/custody/)
    * [__Trading Powerful order execution, funding and settlement ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/trading/)
    * [__Web3 Web3 Portal spanning NFTs, DeFi and DApps ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/web3/)
    * [__Governance Entirely customizable risk and compliance controls ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/governance/)
    * [__Orchestration A single source of truth for managing all digital assets ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/orchestration/)
    * [__Tokenization Asset-agnostic smart contract management framework ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/tokenization/)
    * [__Integration Fully integrable platform following enterprise standards ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/integration/)
    * [__Security Highest protection against insider and external threats ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/security/)

  * Company __

__Company

Company

    * [__About](https://www.metaco.com/company/about/)
    * [__Media & news](https://www.metaco.com/company/media-coverage-press-releases/)
    * [__Careers](https://www.metaco.com/careers/)

  * Resources __

__Resources

Resources

    * [__Talks](https://www.metaco.com/resources/talks/)
    * [__Webinars](https://www.metaco.com/resources/webinars/)
    * [__Case studies](https://www.metaco.com/resources/case-studies/)
    * [__Reports](https://www.metaco.com/resources/reports/)
    * [__Blog](https://www.metaco.com/resources/blog/)

[Contact](https://www.metaco.com/contact/ "Contact")

[Press release](https://www.metaco.com/category/press-release/)

# Société Générale – FORGE Partners with Metaco to Expand its Institutional
Digital Assets Capabilities

  *  __ June 30, 2022
  *  __12 min

Share

  * [ __](https://www.linkedin.com/sharing/share-offsite/?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.metaco.com%2Fpress-release%2Fsociete-generale-forge-partners-with-metaco-to-expand-its-institutional-digital-assets-capabilities%2F)
  * [__](https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Metaco+https%3A%2F%2Fwww.metaco.com%2Fpress-release%2Fsociete-generale-forge-partners-with-metaco-to-expand-its-institutional-digital-assets-capabilities%2F+via+%40metaco_sa)

#### ![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/06/PR-METSG-
FINAL-2022.06.30_withLogos-1024x535.png?x88149)

#### Paris, France and Lausanne, Switzerland – 30th June, 2022 –

Societe Generale – FORGE ([SG – FORGE](https://www.sgforge.com/)), a fully
integrated subsidiary of [Societe
Generale](https://www.societegenerale.com/en), providing issuers and investors
with end-to-end services to issue, invest and manage digital-native security
tokens registered on public blockchains, has selected
[METACO](https://www.metaco.com/), a market-leading provider of digital asset
management technology and infrastructure, to orchestrate its digital asset
custody operations.

Societe Generale is a pioneer in the Digital Ledger Technology space, with
innovation sitting at the heart of the group’s strategic priorities. Since
2019, Societe Generale and its subsidiary SG – FORGE structured several native
security tokens issuances deployed on blockchain for their clients such as the
European Investment Bank’s (EIB) €100 million digital bond issued in 2021.

Societe Generale is now offering a range of capital market products to
institutional clients under a native security token format on Ethereum and
Tezos with full banking level safety and regulatory compliance.

The partnership enables SG – FORGE to continue setting the agenda on the
integration of security tokens into traditional finance, and leverage METACO’s
bank-grade digital asset custody and orchestration platform,
[Harmonize](https://metaco.com/harmonize), to further expand its offering at
scale. These developments are taking place within a larger context marked by
the acceleration of market digitalization using blockchain technology, notably
through the forthcoming implementation of the EU Pilot Regime and which will
permit the processing of security tokens through market infrastructures in
compatibility with applicable EU regulations.

Security tokens allow for a fully digital issuance process and lifecycle. Due
to their innovative characteristics, they have the potential to significantly
improve efficiency, speed and transparency in financial markets and make
transactions safer and more resilient – all while offering benefits similar to
those of financial instruments issued in a conventional way.

**[Jean-Marc Stenger](https://www.linkedin.com/in/jean-marc-
stenger-89115040/), CEO of Societe Generale – FORGE, commented:**

> “ _Bridging the digital asset industry and traditional finance requires a
> multifaceted approach incorporating institutional-grade technology,
> regulation, as well as industrial capacities. By partnering with METACO,
> _SG – FORGE _  will be able to leverage their secure infrastructure to
> ensure that we have a solid foundation to grow our digital asset market
> activities.”_

**[Adrien Treccani](https://www.linkedin.com/in/atreccani/), CEO and Founder
of METACO, commented:**

> _“Societe Generale plays a key role in shaping the future of finance. A
> leading innovator on digital securities,  SG – FORGE is setting the standard
> for the asset class, providing a model for a fully regulated and integrated
> ecosystem across traditional and DLT-based systems of finance. We are proud
> to partner with SG – FORGE and provide our industry leading digital asset
> infrastructure to support the bank in its vision of bridging traditional and
> digital finance.”_

**[Alexandre Fleury](https://www.linkedin.com/in/alexandre-fleury-002b8032/),
Co-Head of Global Markets Activities, Societe Generale, commented:**

> “ _Leveraging on the differentiating expertise of  _SG – FORGE _  and our
> intimate knowledge of markets activities, this partnership shows Societe
> Generale’ capacity to step-by-step implement a truly innovative technology,
> thus helping build tomorrow’s global capital market distribution approach
> and infrastructure_”.

A leading technology provider to top tier, regulated financial institutions in
the digital asset ecosystem, METACO’s infrastructure is supporting key live
implementations, in various regulatory jurisdictions, including Switzerland,
Germany, United Kingdom, and Singapore, with other notable projects in
progress in jurisdictions such as the United States, Australia and Hong Kong.

* * *



_Jean-Marc STENGER, CEO of Societe Generale – FORGE, and Adrien Treccani, CEO
of METACO, are available for interview._

#### About Société Générale – FORGE

Societe Generale – FORGE, a fully integrated subsidiary of Societe Generale,
licensed as an investment firm under MiFID regulation, has built an open,
secure and institutional-grade framework for Security Token operations,
underpinned by full banking level safety and regulatory compliance. Societe
Generale – FORGE provides issuers, lead managers and investors end-to-end
services to issue, invest and manage digital-native security tokens registered
on public blockchains.

Societe Generale – FORGE’s Security Tokens are compliant with the
CAST[[1]](https://www.metaco.com/press_releases/societe-generale-forge-metaco-
digital-assets/#_ftn1) open-source interoperability and securitization
framework.

* * *

[[1]](https://www.metaco.com/press_releases/societe-generale-forge-metaco-
digital-assets/#_ftnref1) Compliant Architecture for Security Tokens

For more information, visit [www.sgforge.com](http://www.sgforge.com/) and
[www.cast-framework.com](http://www.cast-framework.com/)

#### About METACO

Founded in 2015 in Switzerland, METACO is a technology company whose mission
is to enable financial and non-financial institutions to securely manage their
digital asset business and capitalize on the burgeoning digital asset economy.

The company’s core product, Harmonize, is an orchestration system for digital
assets. From cryptocurrency custody and trading to tokenization, staking and
smart contract management, the platform seamlessly connects institutions to
the new world of decentralized finance (DeFi).

METACO has established itself as the Tier 1 banking standard, trusted by and
in live production with global custodians, exchanges, private and universal
banks. Its software, technology and infrastructure solutions enable financial
institutions to store, trade, issue and manage digital assets, with the
highest possible security and agility.

For more information, visit [www.metaco.com](https://www.metaco.com/)

#### Media Contacts:

Wachsman, on behalf of METACO  
Conor Shearman  
E: conor.shearman@wachsman.com  
P: +353 87 3706262

Societe Generale  
Amandine Grison  
E: [amandine.grison@socgen.com](mailto:amandine.grison@socgen.com)  
P: +33 (0)1 41 45 92 40

* * *

[[1]](https://www.metaco.com/press_releases/societe-generale-forge-metaco-
digital-assets/#_ftnref1) Compliant Architecture for Security Tokens

* * *



##### Version in French:

### Société Générale – FORGE sélectionne METACO pour renforcer son offre
institutionnelle sur actifs numériques

#### Paris, France et Lausanne, Suisse – 30 juin 2022 – **  
**

Société Générale – FORGE ([SG – FORGE](https://www.sgforge.com/)), filiale
intégrée de [Société Générale](https://www.societegenerale.com/en), offrant
aux émetteurs et aux investisseurs des services de bout en bout pour émettre,
investir et gérer des titres financiers numériques (ou « security token »)
émis nativement sur blockchains publiques, a choisi
[METACO](https://www.metaco.com/), fournisseur technologique de premier plan
pour orchestrer ses opérations de conservation d’actifs numériques.

Société Générale est un pionnier dans le domaine des registres distribués,
l’innovation étant au cœur des priorités stratégiques du groupe. Depuis 2019,
Société Générale et sa filiale SG – FORGE ont structuré plusieurs émissions de
security tokens natifs déployés sur blockchains pour leurs clients, comme par
exemple l’obligation numérique de 100 millions d’euros émise par la Banque
européenne d’investissement (BEI) en 2021.

Société Générale propose désormais à ses clients institutionnels une gamme de
produits financiers au format security tokens natifs déployés sur Ethereum et
Tezos, alliant sécurité bancaire et totale conformité réglementaire.

Ce partenariat permet à SG – FORGE de continuer à œuvrer à la convergence
entre l’industrie des cryptoactifs et la finance traditionnelle. La plateforme
de conservation des actifs numériques de METACO,
[Harmonize](https://metaco.com/harmonize), renforcera le déploiement
industriel de son offre. Ces évolutions interviennent dans un contexte plus
large marqué par l’accélération de la digitalisation des marchés financiers
grâce à la technologie blockchain. En 2023, la mise en œuvre du régime pilote
dans l’Union Européenne permettra notamment l’échange des security tokens au
travers d’infrastructures de marché européennes de la même façon que des
titres financiers traditionnels.

Avec les security tokens, les processus d’émission et la gestion du cycle de
vie des titres financiers sont entièrement numériques. En raison de leurs
caractéristiques innovantes, ils ont le potentiel d’améliorer considérablement
l’efficacité, la rapidité et la transparence des marchés financiers et de
rendre les transactions plus sûres et plus résilientes, tout en offrant des
caractéristiques financières similaires à ceux des instruments conventionnels.

**Jean-Marc Stenger, Directeur Général de Société Générale – FORGE, a déclaré
: **« _Faire le lien entre l’industrie des cryptoactifs et la finance
traditionnelle nécessite une approche multidimensionnelle alliant la
réglementation, des technologies innovantes et des capacités industrielles.
Grace à ce partenariat avec METACO,  _SG – FORGE _  sera en mesure de tirer
parti d’une infrastructure sécurisée pour développer son offre sur actifs
numériques à l’échelle. »_

**Adrien Treccani, Directeur Général et fondateur de METACO, a souligné  :
**_«  Société Générale ouvre la voie à l’avenir de la finance. Acteur majeur
de l’innovation dans le domaine des actifs numériques, _SG – FORGE _  est un
exemple à suivre pour cette classe d’actifs dans la mesure où elle offre un
modèle d’écosystème entièrement réglementé et intégré entre finance
traditionnelle et DLT. Nous sommes fiers de nous associer à SG – FORGE et
d’offrir une infrastructure de premier plan pour accompagner la banque dans
ses objectifs de developpement. »_

**Alexandre Fleury, Co-Directeur des Activités de Marchés, Société Générale, a
indiqué  :** « _  « S’appuyant sur l’expertise différenciante de _SG – FORGE _
et notre connaissance intime des activités de marchés, ce partenariat témoigne
de la capacité de Société Générale à mettre en œuvre étape par étape une
technologie véritablement innovante, contribuant ainsi à construire les
marchés de capitaux de demain »._

Fournisseur de technologies de premier plan des grandes institutions
financières réglementées, METACO intervient dans les principales mises en
œuvre de services sur actifs numériques en Suisse, en Allemagne, au Royaume-
Uni et à Singapour, et collabore à d’autres projets notables aux États-Unis,
en Australie et à Hong Kong.

#### À propos de Société Générale – FORGE

Société Générale – FORGE, filiale intégrée de Société Générale, agréée en tant
qu’entreprise d’investissement en vertu de la réglementation MiFID, construit
un cadre ouvert, sécurisé et institutionnel pour les opérations sur security
tokens, à un niveau de sécurité bancaire et une totale conformité
réglementaire. Société Générale – FORGE fournit aux émetteurs et investisseurs
des services de bout en bout pour émettre, investir et gérer des security
tokens inscrits sur blockchains publiques.

Les security tokens SG-FORGE sont compatibles avec
CAST[[1]](https://www.metaco.com/press_releases/societe-generale-forge-metaco-
digital-assets/#_ftn1), standard open source d’interopérabilité.

Pour plus d’informations, consultez les sites
[www.sgforge.com](http://www.sgforge.com/) et [www.cast-
framework.com](http://www.cast-framework.com/)

#### À propos de METACO

Fondée en 2015 en Suisse, METACO est une entreprise technologique ayant pour
mission de permettre aux établissements financiers et non financiers de gérer
en toute sécurité leurs actifs numériques, et de capitaliser sur l’économie en
plein essor de ce secteur.

Le produit phare de la société, Harmonize est un système de gestion et
d’orchestration d’actifs numériques. De la conservation au négoce de crypto-
monnaies, à la tokenisation, et à la gestion de contrats intelligents (smart
contracts), la plateforme connecte en toute transparence les établissements au
monde nouveau de la finance décentralisée (DeFi).

METACO s’est imposée comme la plateforme de référence pour les banques Tier 1,
jouissant de la confiance des plus grandes banques dépositaires, des bourses
et des banques privées et universelles partout dans le monde. Ses solutions
logicielles, technologiques et d’infrastructure permettent aux établissements
financiers de stocker, échanger, émettre et gérer des actifs numériques, tout
en bénéficiant d’un niveau optimal de sécurité et d’agilité.
[www.metaco.com](https://www.metaco.com/)

* * *

[[1]](https://www.metaco.com/press_releases/societe-generale-forge-metaco-
digital-assets/#_ftnref1) Architecture conforme pour les security tokens

![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/footer.png?x88149)

## **Explore** more

  * ![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/12/metaco-pr-template-zodia.jpg?x88149)

[Press release](https://www.metaco.com/category/press-release/)

December 4, 2023### [Zodia Custody integrates on Metaco
network](https://www.metaco.com/press-release/zodia-custody-metaco-network/
"Zodia Custody integrates on Metaco network")

  * ![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/11/metaco-pr-template-square-bbva.png?x88149)

[Press release](https://www.metaco.com/category/press-release/)

November 21, 2023### [BBVA Switzerland expands partnership with
Metaco](https://www.metaco.com/press-release/bbva-switzerland-partnership-
institutional-harmonize/ "BBVA Switzerland expands partnership with Metaco")

  * ![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/04/metaco-placeholder.png?x88149)

[Press release](https://www.metaco.com/category/press-release/)

November 8, 2023### [Announcing HSBC’s New Digital Assets Custody
Service](https://www.metaco.com/press-release/hsbc-metaco-digital-asset-
custody/ "Announcing HSBC’s New Digital Assets Custody Service")

[![Metaco](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/logo-w.svg?x88149)](https://www.metaco.com)

  * [Solutions](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/)
    * [Global Custodians](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/global-custodians-top-tier-banks/)
    * [Universal Banks](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/universal-banks/)
    * [Neobanks & Fintechs](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/neobanks-fintechs/)
    * [Regulated Exchanges](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/regulated-exchanges/)
    * [Corporates](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/corporates/)
  * [Platform](https://www.metaco.com/platform/)
    * [Harmonize™](https://www.metaco.com/platform/harmonize/)
    * [Custody](https://www.metaco.com/platform/custody/)
    * [Trading](https://www.metaco.com/platform/trading/)
    * [Web3](https://www.metaco.com/platform/web3/)
    * [Governance](https://www.metaco.com/platform/governance/)
    * [Orchestration](https://www.metaco.com/platform/orchestration/)
    * [Tokenization](https://www.metaco.com/platform/tokenization/)
    * [Integration](https://www.metaco.com/platform/integration/)
    * [Security](https://www.metaco.com/platform/security/)
  * [Company](https://www.metaco.com/company/media-coverage-press-releases/)
    * [About](https://www.metaco.com/company/about/)
    * [Media & news](https://www.metaco.com/company/media-coverage-press-releases/)
    * [Jobs](https://www.metaco.com/jobs/)
  * [Resources](https://www.metaco.com/resources/)
    * [Talks](https://www.metaco.com/resources/talks/)
    * [Webinars](https://www.metaco.com/resources/webinars/)
    * [Case studies](https://www.metaco.com/resources/case-studies/)
    * [Reports](https://www.metaco.com/resources/reports/)
    * [Blog](https://www.metaco.com/resources/blog/)

![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/10/sco2.png?x88149)![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/10/iso27001.png?x88149)

  * [__](https://www.twitter.com/metaco_sa "Twitter: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")
  * [__](https://www.linkedin.com/company/metaco-ag/ "Linkedin: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")
  * [__](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC4MLOKnJD9bXfHVXMnHM7ow "Youtube: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")
  * [__](https://open.spotify.com/show/0IiI7iftR3F3RqinfJbpRT "Spotify: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")

© 2015-2024 - Metaco SA - All Rights Reserved |[ Terms & Conditions](https://www.metaco.com/terms-conditions/) | [Privacy Policy](https://www.metaco.com/privacy-policy/) | [Cookie policy](https://www.metaco.com/cookie-policy/)

