[![Logo](https://docs.marinade.finance/~gitbook/image?url=https%3A%2F%2F2385969780-files.gitbook.io%2F%7E%2Ffiles%2Fv0%2Fb%2Fgitbook-
x-
prod.appspot.com%2Fo%2Fspaces%252FU813ZNqK8NXeg8J9bbrT%252Flogo%252FaPPT21SVUCI4DW3jFcya%252FMarinade%2520logo%2520white.png%3Falt%3Dmedia%26token%3Dd88b4627-dd62-4b85-b499-32e6c40d010b&width=192&dpr=4&quality=100&sign=63f54b968cff44d07d16f1865ff939c3f31c2b848cab80aa402535fb44c22203)![Logo](https://docs.marinade.finance/~gitbook/image?url=https%3A%2F%2F2385969780-files.gitbook.io%2F%7E%2Ffiles%2Fv0%2Fb%2Fgitbook-
x-
prod.appspot.com%2Fo%2Fspaces%252FU813ZNqK8NXeg8J9bbrT%252Flogo%252FaPPT21SVUCI4DW3jFcya%252FMarinade%2520logo%2520white.png%3Falt%3Dmedia%26token%3Dd88b4627-dd62-4b85-b499-32e6c40d010b&width=192&dpr=4&quality=100&sign=63f54b968cff44d07d16f1865ff939c3f31c2b848cab80aa402535fb44c22203)](/)

English

[English](https://docs.marinade.finance/)

Ask or SearchCtrl \+ K

  * [üëãWelcome to Marinade](/)

  * [üõ†Ô∏èMarinade DAO](/marinade-dao)

    * [Contributors](/marinade-dao/contributors)

  * [üë®‚Äçüç≥The MNDE token](/the-mnde-token)

    * [MNDE Directed stake](/the-mnde-token/mnde-directed-stake)

    * [Liquidity Mining](/the-mnde-token/liquidity-mining)

    * [Retroactive Rewards](/the-mnde-token/retroactive-rewards)

  * [üó≥Ô∏èMNDE Governance](/governance)

  * [üìäMarinade Stats](https://stats.marinade.finance/d/sqUQd1Onk/marinade-kpi-dashboard?orgId=1&refresh=1m)
  * [üîóOfficial Links](/official-links)

  * [üóìÔ∏èChangelog](/changelog)

  * Getting started

    * [What is mSOL?](/getting-started/what-is-msol)

    * [What is Marinade Native?](/getting-started/what-is-marinade-native)

    * [FAQ](/getting-started/faq)

    * [Glossary](/getting-started/glossary)

  * Marinade Protocol

    * [Introduction](/marinade-protocol/vision)

    * [Liquid Staking](/marinade-protocol/liquid-staking)

    * [Marinade Native](/marinade-protocol/marinade-native)

    * [Protocol Overview](/marinade-protocol/system-overview)

      * [mSOL Token](/marinade-protocol/system-overview/msol-token)

      * [Unstake Liquidity Pool](/marinade-protocol/system-overview/unstake-liquidity-pool)

      * [Bot operations](/marinade-protocol/system-overview/bot-operations)

      * [Protected Staking Rewards](/marinade-protocol/system-overview/protected-staking-rewards)

    * [Delegation Strategy](/marinade-protocol/validators)

    * [Security](/marinade-protocol/security)

      * [Audits](/marinade-protocol/security/audits)

      * [Multisig governance](/marinade-protocol/security/multisig-governance)

    * [Legal](/marinade-protocol/legal)

      * [Risks](/marinade-protocol/legal/risks)

      * [Disclaimer](/marinade-protocol/legal/disclaimer)

  * Marinade Products

    * [Directed Stake](/marinade-products/directed-stake)

    * [mTransactions](/marinade-products/mtransactions)

  * developers

    * [Marinade Ts/Js SDK](/developers/marinade-ts-js-sdk)

    * [Marinade Rust SDK](/developers/marinade-rust-sdk)

    * [Anchor IDL](/developers/anchor-idl)

    * [Bug Bounty](/developers/bug-bounty)

    * [Contracts & Tokens Addresses](/developers/contract-addresses)

    * [Delegation Strategy API](https://validators-api.marinade.finance/docs)
    * [Marinade Stats API](https://api.marinade.finance/docs)
    * [Snapshots API](https://snapshots-api.marinade.finance/docs)
    * [Mint your NFT project in mSOL](/developers/mint-your-nft-project-in-msol)

    * [Stake to Marinade via SPL governance](/developers/stake-to-marinade-via-spl-governance)

  * Partnerships

    * [Become our Partner](/partnerships/become-our-partner)

    * [Marinade Press Kit](/partnerships/marinade-press-kit)

    * [Referral program](/partnerships/referral-program)

[Powered by
GitBook](https://www.gitbook.com/?utm_source=content&utm_medium=trademark&utm_campaign=HvhBFBu5z7MIlkYpgMXs)

# üëãWelcome to Marinade

The best place to stake your SOL.

##

**What is Marinade?**

Marinade is a stake automation platform that monitors all Solana validators
and delegates to 100+ of the best-performing ones. Optimize your SOL staking
rewards by using Marinade's automated strategy designed by the core team.
Users of Marinade can choose between staking natively or liquid stake SOL for
mSOL, a liquid staking token. Either option stakes your SOL with the same set
of high-performance validators.

Liquid staking utilizes a smart contract that gives the staker mSOL
("marinated SOL"). These tokens can be used as collateral throughout Solana
DeFi.

When liquid staking SOL for mSOL, the price of mSOL goes up relative to SOL
each epoch with Solana inflation rewards being accrued into the underlying
staked SOL in the Marinade stake pool.

When using Marinade Native, there is no interaction with the liquid staking
smart contract and you do not receive mSOL. Your SOL staking rewards are
compounded into your stake account each epoch.

You can withdraw your SOL by unstaking and waiting for the unlock period (1-2
epochs) or, if liquid staking, immediately for a small fee (see our
[FAQ](/getting-started/faq#what-fees-does-marinade-charge)).

You don't need to unstake your staked SOL in order to stake with Marinade. The
Marinade dApp enables users to redelegate their SOL stakes instantly to the
pool of validators and start receiving rewards from Marinade's native or
liquid stake.

You can also directly exchange between mSOL and SOL on secondary markets at
the current market rate.

Marinade also enables you to tokenize your existing stake. If you are already
delegating to a single validator, you own one or multiple stake accounts that
can also be converted to mSOL to be made liquid.

##

What are the benefits of staking SOL?

Blockchains use consensus protocols in order to validate transactions in a
secure and decentralized way. You can find a good explanation of staking in
the [Solana documentation](https://solana.com/staking).

When you stake your SOL tokens to a validator, you are contributing to the
decentralization and performance of Solana. In return for staking your SOL
with a validator, you receive rewards in SOL each epoch (2-3 days).

For the decentralization and the security of the Solana blockchain, we need as
much SOL as possible staked to efficient validators. With the growing number
of use cases for SOL in DeFi, a fair amount of SOL is still not staked and
used daily in DeFi.

Marinade lets you stake your SOL in exchange for mSOL, a liquid staking token
that you can use as collateral in DeFi while still accruing the SOL staking
rewards. The SOL that you are staking with Marinade is spread among more than
100 validators. Validators are chosen by our [transparent, permissionless
formula](/marinade-protocol/validators#delegation-formula) and automatically
rebalanced every epoch.

##

**What's so special about mSOL?**

Let's highlight the main benefits of staking your SOL to mSOL with Marinade:

  * Open-sourced, permissionless delegation formula to over 100 validators 

  * Full control over your tokens and associated accounts

  * Unlock your stake, receive a tokenized version of your position, and use it in DeFi

  * Stake and delayed unstake with no charge

  * 6% performance fee on your rewards

  * Native Solana community and contributor-driven governance

##

**What's so special about Marinade Native?**

  * Fully non-custodial solution, you conserve ownership of your SOL tokens at all time

  * No smart contract risk: this staking solution does not use any smart contract

  * Automatically managed and rebalanced staking position for no fee 

  * Open-sourced, permissionless delegation formula with more than 150 validators

  * Stake and delayed unstake with no fee

  * Native Solana community and contributor-driven governance

##

**What can you do with Marinade?**

  * Stake SOL (and unstake anytime) or become a liquidity provider to the [SOL-mSOL pool](/marinade-protocol/system-overview/unstake-liquidity-pool#overview).

  * Explore additional DeFi opportunities on top of staking rewards using your tokenized stake positions.

  * Grow your position in the Marinade DAO and participate in governance. 

[NextMarinade DAO](/marinade-dao)

Last updated 1 month ago

On this page

  * What is Marinade?
  * What are the benefits of staking SOL?
  * What's so special about mSOL?
  * What's so special about Marinade Native?
  * What can you do with Marinade?

Was this helpful?

