Skip to content

[ MarketVector™ Figment Ethereum Total Return Index (MVETHTR)
](https://www.marketvector.com/indexes/digital-assets/marketvector-figment-
ethereum-total-return)

**Last Close:** 144.70/100

[ MarketVector™ Figment Ethereum Staking Reward Reference Rate Index (STKR)
](https://www.marketvector.com/indexes/digital-assets/marketvector-figment-
ethereum-staking-reward-reference-rate)

**Last Close:** 3.53%

[ MarketVector™ Figment Ethereum Total Return Index (MVETHTR)
](https://www.marketvector.com/indexes/digital-assets/marketvector-figment-
ethereum-total-return)

**Last Close:** 144.70/100

[ MarketVector™ Figment Ethereum Staking Reward Reference Rate Index (STKR)
](https://www.marketvector.com/indexes/digital-assets/marketvector-figment-
ethereum-staking-reward-reference-rate)

**Last Close:** 3.53%

[
![](data:image/png;base64,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)
](https://figment.io)

  * [Staking __](https://figment.io/staking-2/)
    * [What is Staking?__](https://figment.io/staking/what-is-staking/)
    * [ Stake ETH __](https://figment.io/staking/stake-eth/)
    * [ Custodians __](https://figment.io/staking/custodial-guides/)
    * [ Rewards Calculator __](https://figment.io/staking/rewards-calculator/)
  * [Protocols __](https://figment.io/staking/protocols/)
    * [Ethereum __](https://figment.io/staking/protocols/ethereum/)
    * [ EigenLayer __](https://figment.io/staking/protocols/eigenlayer/)
    * [ Solana __](https://figment.io/staking/protocols/solana/)
    * [ Celestia __](https://figment.io/staking/protocols/celestia/)
    * [ Polkadot __](https://figment.io/staking/protocols/polkadot/)
    * [ Polygon __](https://figment.io/staking/protocols/polygon/)
    * [ All __](https://figment.io/staking/protocols/)
  * [Products __](https://figment.io/products/)
    * [Staking app __](https://figment.io/products/staking-app/)
    * [ APIs __](https://figment.io/products/apis/)
    * [ Validators __](https://figment.io/products/validators/)
    * [ Slashing Coverage __](https://figment.io/products/slashing-coverage/)
    * [ Staking Data __](https://figment.io/products/staking-data/)
    * [ Liquid Staking __](https://figment.io/products/liquid-staking/)
    * [ Developer Docs __](https://docs.figment.io/)
  * [Solutions __](https://figment.io/solutions/)
    * [Asset Management __](https://figment.io/solutions/asset-management/)
    * [ Exchanges & Marketplaces __](https://figment.io/solutions/exchanges-marketplaces/)
    * [ Custodians & Wallets __](https://figment.io/solutions/custodians-wallets/)
  * [Company __](https://figment.io/company/)
    * [About __](https://figment.io/company/about/)
    * [ Blog __](https://figment.io/company/blog/)
    * [ Careers __](https://boards.greenhouse.io/figment)
    * [ Events __](https://figment.io/resources/events/)
    * [ Press __](https://figment.io/company/press/)
    * [ Infrastructure & Security __](https://trustpage.figment.io/)

  * [Meet With Us __](https://figment.io/company/meet-with-us/)

  * [Sign In __](https://auth0.figment.io/u/login?state=hKFo2SBaVXI3VlhEUmNOVHZzR0E3OVVFZDBUN21uMlRlUVNXTqFur3VuaXZlcnNhbC1sb2dpbqN0aWTZIHdtYTBFS29FQmRqQmFRTzFtakdaZHQtVW1KSkwxNE1Po2NpZNkgMFl4YzNDVk9Iakd3Tzc4RDJEbzVoT1pHUlM4V1A3WEs)

  * [Staking ____](https://figment.io/staking-2/)
    * [What is Staking?______](https://figment.io/staking/what-is-staking/)
    * [ Stake ETH ______](https://figment.io/staking/stake-eth/)
    * [ Custodians ______](https://figment.io/staking/custodial-guides/)
    * [ Rewards Calculator ______](https://figment.io/staking/rewards-calculator/)
  * [Protocols ____](https://figment.io/staking/protocols/)
    * [Ethereum ______](https://figment.io/staking/protocols/ethereum/)
    * [ EigenLayer ______](https://figment.io/staking/protocols/eigenlayer/)
    * [ Solana ______](https://figment.io/staking/protocols/solana/)
    * [ Celestia ______](https://figment.io/staking/protocols/celestia/)
    * [ Polkadot ______](https://figment.io/staking/protocols/polkadot/)
    * [ Polygon ______](https://figment.io/staking/protocols/polygon/)
    * [ All ______](https://figment.io/staking/protocols/)
  * [Products ____](https://figment.io/products/)
    * [Staking app ______](https://figment.io/products/staking-app/)
    * [ APIs ______](https://figment.io/products/apis/)
    * [ Validators ______](https://figment.io/products/validators/)
    * [ Slashing Coverage ______](https://figment.io/products/slashing-coverage/)
    * [ Staking Data ______](https://figment.io/products/staking-data/)
    * [ Liquid Staking ______](https://figment.io/products/liquid-staking/)
    * [ Developer Docs ______](https://docs.figment.io/)
  * [Solutions ____](https://figment.io/solutions/)
    * [Asset Management ______](https://figment.io/solutions/asset-management/)
    * [ Exchanges & Marketplaces ______](https://figment.io/solutions/exchanges-marketplaces/)
    * [ Custodians & Wallets ______](https://figment.io/solutions/custodians-wallets/)
  * [Company ____](https://figment.io/company/)
    * [About ______](https://figment.io/company/about/)
    * [ Blog ______](https://figment.io/company/blog/)
    * [ Careers ______](https://boards.greenhouse.io/figment)
    * [ Events ______](https://figment.io/resources/events/)
    * [ Press ______](https://figment.io/company/press/)
    * [ Infrastructure & Security ______](https://trustpage.figment.io/)

[Research](https://figment.io/insights/category/research/)

## Berachain: First Look

January 31, 2024

![Drake
Breeding](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![Drake
Breeding](https://figment.io/wp-
content/uploads/2023/09/TB8V36MDY-U05N8AJ4M97-a8d1305c2535-512.jpg)

Drake Breeding

## What is Berachain?

**Berachain** is a new DeFi-focused Layer 1 blockchain designed to better
align validators and stakers with applications building on the chain. It is an
EVM (Ethereum Virtual Machine) compatible chain built using the Cosmos SDK
with built-in DeFi capabilities. Powered by a novel consensus method called
Proof-of-Liquidity, Berachain’s staking token may only be obtained by
providing liquidity to different applications on the network.

The chain is launching with a number of unique features and proprietary tools,
[including a custom-made EVM called Polaris](https://polaris.berachain.dev/),
liquidity pools powered by validators, and three native tokens. [Now that
**Berachain’s** Artio testnet is live and open to the
public](https://artio.faucet.berachain.com/), let’s take a closer look at what
makes the chain so unique and what all the **Bera** buzz is about.

## What problem does Berachain solve?

**Berachain** brings native DeFi to the L1. Using embedded liquidity pools,
stakers and validators can help contribute to liquidity for a variety of
crypto assets while also receiving staking rewards and helping to ensure the
chain’s economic security.

DeFi on **Berachain** is embedded and native. Popular features from DeFi apps
on other chains including a decentralized exchange, perpetuals trading, and
lending are all denominated in chain-native cryptocurrencies. Moving these
features from apps on a larger L1 to a native protocol helps to build network
effects for **Bera’s** ecosystem. **Berachain** is also modular and
interoperable, allowing assets from other chains to be used across all of
**Bera’s** native DeFi apps.

The **Berachain** team has developed a number of new technologies and
primitives that we are excited to see put into practice. These include the
aforementioned consensus method (Proof-of-Liquidity), a brand new EVM
equivalence called Polaris, a native oracle, and more.

## Use Cases

**Berachain** has several in-protocol DeFi primitives; all of which are bear-
themed (and thus start with a B) – BEX, Bend, and Berps.

### What is BEX?

BEX is **Berachain’s** native Decentralized Exchange. Similar to a traditional
DEX like Balancer, BEX allows users to provide liquidity to a pool of assets
and be rewarded for swaps that occur in the pool.

In addition, BEX allows for unique asset customizations, with up to 8 tokens
in each pool. Any **Berachain** user can create a new pool permissionlessly
using an asset weighting of their choosing. A pool creator can use the
traditional DeFi AMM formula (x*y=k) for calculating pooled asset ratios, or
set custom weighting ratios and formulas of their own.

In addition to user-generated pools, **Berachain** will also launch with
‘House Pools’ for popular trading pairs with deep liquidity on Day 1.
Liquidity Providers to House Pools will be rewarded with Bera’s Governance
Token (BGT) by default.

Finally, **Berachain** also introduces the concept of MetaPools. In a
MetaPool, one LP token is minted to represent a share of another liquidity
pool. MetaPool LP tokens can then be used as part of an asset pair in another
pool, helping to increase capital efficiency across the chain.

### What is Bend?

Bend is **Berachain’s** lending protocol. Similar to Aave, users can lend out
a variety of crypto assets to be paid out in over-collateralized loans in
**Bera’s** native stablecoin, HONEY. Bend is noncustodial and the only
associated fees are standard gas fees, denominated in **Berachain’s** gas
token BERA. It’s important to note here that HONEY is not minted against these
assets, but may be borrowed against them.

By borrowing HONEY on Bend, users also earn rewards in **Berachain’s** non-
transferable governance token, BGT.

![](https://figment.io/wp-content/uploads/2024/01/unnamed-13.png)

Bend’s User Interface ([℅ Berachain
docs](https://docs.bend.berachain.com/intro/))

### What are Berps?

Berps is **Berachain’s** native perpetual futures (perps) market. Users can
trade perps 24/7 on crypto-asset pairs with up to 100x leverage. All trades
occur entirely on-chain, and like Bend, Berps is noncustodial. Similar to
other perps DEXs, fees are charged for opening levered positions, borrowing
other assets, and for closing existing positions. Berps pair prices are set at
the median of spot prices via **Berachain’s** in-house oracle.

For better user experience, Berps also allows One-Click Trading (1CT) using an
Externally Owned Account. 1CT allows traders to submit orders without directly
interacting with their wallet, reducing time to trade.

## What is Proof-of-Liquidity?

Though staking is still a core part of protocol functionality, **Berachain**
is not a strictly Proof-of-Stake network. The team has developed a unique
consensus method for the chain called Proof-of-Liquidity.

As the name suggests, Proof-of-Liquidity (PoL) is designed to incentivize
users to provide liquidity on **Berachain.** Liquidity providers in **Bera’s**
protocol liquidity pools receive rewards denominated in BGT. This is the only
token that can be staked to validators, who then produce blocks proportional
to the amount of BGT currently delegated to them. Finally, validators can use
their delegated BGT to vote on future BGT inflation rewards rates for any
liquidity pools on-chain. While eligible liquidity pools are limited to the
core chain primitives (BEX, Berps, Bend) as the chain goes live, over time,
any smart contract on the chain may be incorporated into PoL such that their
liquidity pools may receive BGT rewards.

![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](https://figment.io/wp-
content/uploads/2024/01/unnamed-1-8.png)

Proof-of-Liquidity overview (c/o[ Berachain
documentation](https://docs.berachain.com/learn/what-is-proof-of-liquidity))

The **Berachain** team contrasts PoL from PoS by how their consensus better
aligns incentives for validators and stakers. Traditional PoS and dPoS
(delegated Proof-of-Stake) protocol tokens denominate both governance and gas
fees in the same token. When stakers delegate to a validator, the protocol
token’s overall liquidity decreases, resulting in higher gas fees and
disincentivizing on-chain application usage.

**Berachain’s** PoL and separate gas/governance tokens aim to keep on-chain
gas fees low while also incentivizing ecosystem participants to both stake and
provide liquidity.

## What are Network Tokenomics?

### Token Overview

**Berachain** is launching with three separate tokens with three distinct
purposes; one for governance, one for gas, and one native stablecoin.

  * **BGT** (Bera Governance Token): ‘The governance token’ and primary token used for Bera governance and staking. BGT is soulbound, non-transferable, and is only awarded for providing liquidity through BEX pools and staking. Users cannot buy or sell the token on the open market. BGT can be burned 1:1 for BERA, but the inverse is not possible.
  * **BERA** : ‘The gas token’, used for sending transactions on-chain.
  * **HONEY** : A Berachain-native stablecoin that is designed to peg as closely as possible to USDC. HONEY can be minted through the HONEY dApp or by lending collateral on Bend.

BGT tokens are paid out to BEX liquidity providers. LPs can deposit different
tokens in different proportions depending on a pool’s composition, but all
rewards are paid in BGT.

### How to stake BGT

As mentioned before, staking is still a crucial part of **Berachain** PoL
consensus. BGT token holders delegate to validators, who in turn produce
blocks proportional to their staked BGT weighting. Rewards are then paid out
to delegators and validators. Both of these parties receive their pre-set
reward commissions, but additional block rewards are sent to liquidity pools
across the chain.

Validators can use their staked BGT weight to vote on BGT inflation rates in
different liquidity pools. Pools are only eligible for BGT emissions when a
governance proposal approving of it has been passed. Validators also control
which portion of their BGT emissions go to each liquidity pool.

Though some details are forthcoming, many key staking parameters will match
Cosmos SDK chain standards, including:

  * Unbonding period: 21 days
  * Redelegation delay: None (as long as assets are not re-delegated multiple times in 21 days)
  * Distribution Frequency: Every 7 seconds to a separate account (does not accrue to existing stake)

### Berachain Staking Rewards

Another unique **Berachain** feature is multiple sources for staking rewards.
In a traditional PoS blockchain, the vast majority of rewards come from
protocol token inflation. Namely, BGT stakers receive rewards from direct BGT
inflation, as well as Block Captured Value, and Gas Fees.

  * BGT Inflation: Built-in token inflation sent to liquidity providers of eligible BEX pools.
  * Block Captured Value: Charged to users on **Berachain’s** 3 primary apps and paid to validators and stakers.
    * BEX Fee: A percentage of swap fees are charged to users and paid to stakers.
    * Honey Fee: Moving between USDC and HONEY incurs a take rate to help stabilize the stablecoin’s peg; a portion of which is paid to stakers. 
    * Berps Fee: Fees charged for Perps transactions detailed above are paid to stakers.
  * Gas Fees: Submitting a transaction on **Berachain** requires both a base and priority fee. Similar to how EIP-1559 functions, the base fee is burned while the priority fee is paid to validators.

#### What are Bribes?

In addition to regular BGT inflation rewards, stakers can also receive bribes
from their delegated validator. Validators must set a bribe before the start
of a Bera epoch and can then customize the number of tokens paid per proposal.
Bribes are used to allow users or protocols to incentivize validators to
direct more of their BGT emissions towards the bribe proposer’s desired pools.

## Berachain Architecture Highlights

Though by no means exhaustive, the below are some of the key components behind
**Berachain’s** technical stack.

  * **Cosmos SDK** : The core architecture behind **Berachain** is the Cosmos SDK. Widely used across blockchains including Osmosis, dYdX, Celestia, and many more.
  * **CometBFT** : CometBFT is the core consensus algorithm on **Berachain,** also widely used across popular Layer 1s.
  * **Polaris EVM** : **Berachain’s** proprietary implementation of the Ethereum Virtual Machine. It’s designed to be fully modular and can be implemented on top of any L1 host chain, regardless of host architecture. This allows chains built using Polkadot Substrate, Cosmos SDK, or any other development framework to pick and choose different aspects of EVM compatibility through Polaris.
  * **Oracle** : The chain is also launching with a fast, accurate, and native [oracle powered by Skip Protocol’s Slinky module](https://docs.berachain.com/developers/precompiles/oracle). Live on testnet today, **Berachain’s** oracle has both a Cosmos module and EVM precompile. Live price feeds and trading pairs include ATOM/USDT, BTC/USDC, ETH/USDC, TIA/USDT, and USDC/USDT. Price information is sourced from Coingecko, Coinbase, and OKX. Validators can choose to  contribute price pairs to the oracle or use default provider pricing.
  * **Precompiles** : **Berachain** is launching with a number of other unique EVM precompiles, including Berachef, a contract that handles BGT emissions. Pool creators can use Berachef to set BGT-denominated inflation rewards coming from their LP. [A full list of precompiles can be found here.](https://docs.berachain.com/developers/precompiles/bank)

## Who is the Berachain Team?

**Berachain’s** team is mostly anonymous and includes founding team Smokey the
Bera, Papa Bear, Dev Bear, and Homme Bear. The founders can sometimes be seen
in public wearing bear-themed headwear. Some of the team were previously
involved with the DeFi 2.0 ecosystem and had launched their own [NFT
collection called Bong Bears](https://opensea.io/collection/bongbears).

**Berachain** raised a $42M Series A round from top crypto venture investors
including Polychain, Hack VC, Shima Capital, Citizen X, and Robot Ventures.
Notable angel investors include Zaki Manian (Sommelier, Tendermint) and
Mustafa Al-Bassam (Celestia). Their Series A valuation? [$420.69
million.](https://www.coindesk.com/business/2023/04/20/defi-focused-
layer-1-berachain-raises-42m-series-a-at-42069m-valuation/) Nice.

## How is Figment involved with Berachain?

Figment is live on **Berachain’s** Artio testnet and will support mainnet
staking on launch day. If you are interested in staking **Berachain** ,
Figment offers a host of services aimed at delivering safe and reliable
staking rewards for your assets. [Connect with us here for a
demo.](https://figment.io/company/meet-with-us/)

Our 250+ institutional clients rely on Figment to provide best-in-class
staking services including seamless and easy integrations, detailed rewards
reporting, insights, double sign slashing, and downtime penalty coverage.
Figment’s team has extensive **Berachain** knowledge and is happy to discuss
chain specifics such as rewards and staking mechanics. Meet with us to learn
more about **Berachain** staking.

_The information herein is being provided to you for general informational
purposes only. It is not intended to be, nor should it be relied upon as,
legal, business, or investment advice. Figment undertakes no obligation to
update the information herein.  _

## SHARE POST

__

__

__

[
![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](https://figment.io/wp-
content/uploads/2024/05/Renzo-768x432.jpg)
](https://figment.io/insights/figments-renzo-operator-simplifies-your-
restaking-strategy/)

###  [ Figment’s Renzo Operator Simplifies Your Restaking Strategy
](https://figment.io/insights/figments-renzo-operator-simplifies-your-
restaking-strategy/)

Colton Campbell  May 22, 2024

Earlier this year Figment was announced as the primary node

[
![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](https://figment.io/wp-
content/uploads/2024/05/Rakkar_May2024_2155x1437-wecompress.com_-768x512.jpg)
](https://figment.io/insights/rakkar-digital-a-leading-apac-custodian-in-
figments-ecosystem/)

###  [ Rakkar Digital: A Leading APAC Custodian in Figment’s Ecosystem
](https://figment.io/insights/rakkar-digital-a-leading-apac-custodian-in-
figments-ecosystem/)

Max Webster-Dowsing  May 16, 2024

Rakkar Digital, Asia’s leading qualified digital asset custodian, is enhancing

![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](https://figment.io/wp-
content/uploads/2023/08/Ad-banner.png)

[Start Now](https://app.figment.io/sign-
up?utm_source=Website&utm_medium=Blog&utm_content=signup&utm_campaign=stickyCTA)

[__](https://www.linkedin.com/company/figment-io/)

[__](https://twitter.com/Figment_io)

[YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/@Figment_io)

#### Meet with us

### Bring the Complete Staking Solution to Your Organization

First Name(Required)

Last Name

Email(Required)

Company

Region

RegionAPACEMEALATAMNorth America

Approximate_Staking_Volume

Approximate Staking VolumeUnder $5,000,000Between $5,000,000-$9,999,999Over
$10,000,000

Alternative:

WPA

Figment respects your privacy. By submitting this form, you are acknowledging
that you have read and agree to our [Privacy Policy](/privacy-policy/), which
details how we collect and use your information.

[
![](data:image/png;base64,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)
](https://figment.io)

## Sign up for our newsletter

Email(Required)

Alternative:

Alternative:

Alternative:

WPA

Figment respects your privacy. By submitting this form, you are acknowledging
that you have read and agree to our [Privacy Policy](/privacy-policy/), which
details how we collect and use your information.

[__](https://www.linkedin.com/company/figment-io/)

[](https://twitter.com/Figment_io)

[YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/@Figment_io)

#### Staking

  * [What is Staking?____](https://figment.io/staking/what-is-staking/)
  * [ Stake ETH ____](https://figment.io/staking/stake-eth/)
  * [ Protocols ____](https://figment.io/staking/protocols/)
  * [ Custodians ____](https://figment.io/staking/custodial-guides/)
  * [ Rewards Calculator ____](https://figment.io/staking/rewards-calculator/)

#### Protocols

  * [Ethereum ____](https://figment.io/staking/protocols/ethereum/)
  * [ Solana ____](https://figment.io/staking/protocols/solana/)
  * [ Celestia ____](https://figment.io/staking/protocols/celestia/)
  * [ Polkadot ____](https://figment.io/staking/protocols/polkadot/)
  * [ Polygon ____](https://figment.io/staking/protocols/polygon/)
  * [ Sui ____](https://figment.io/staking/protocols/sui/)
  * [ All ____](https://figment.io/?page_id=93994)

#### Products

  * [Staking app ____](https://figment.io/products/staking-app/)
  * [ APIs ____](https://figment.io/products/apis/)
  * [ Validators ____](https://figment.io/products/validators/)
  * [ Slashing Coverage ____](https://figment.io/products/slashing-coverage/)
  * [ Staking Data ____](https://figment.io/products/staking-data/)
  * [ Liquid Staking ____](https://figment.io/products/liquid-staking/)
  * [ Developer Docs ____](https://docs.figment.io/)

#### Solutions

  * [Asset Management ____](https://figment.io/solutions/asset-management/)
  * [ Exchanges & Marketplaces ____](https://figment.io/solutions/exchanges-marketplaces/)
  * [ Custodians & Wallets ____](https://figment.io/solutions/custodians-wallets/)

#### Company

  * [About ____](https://figment.io/company/about/)
  * [ Blog ____](https://figment.io/company/blog/)
  * [ Careers ____](https://boards.greenhouse.io/figment)
  * [ Press ____](https://figment.io/company/press/)
  * [ Infrastructure & Security ____](https://trustpage.figment.io/)
  * [ Events ____](https://figment.io/resources/events/)

© 2024 Figment

  * [Responsible Disclosure __](https://figment.io/responsible-disclosure/)
  * [ Staking Terms of Use __](https://figment.io/staking-terms-of-use/)
  * [ General Terms of Use __](https://figment.io/general-terms-of-use/)
  * [ Privacy Policy __](https://figment.io/privacy-policy/)

  *   * [Responsible Disclosure __](https://figment.io/responsible-disclosure/)
  *   * [ Staking Terms of Use __](https://figment.io/staking-terms-of-use/)
  *   * [ General Terms of Use __](https://figment.io/general-terms-of-use/)
  *   * [ Privacy Policy __](https://figment.io/privacy-policy/)
  * 

  * [Responsible Disclosure __](https://figment.io/responsible-disclosure/)
  * [ Staking Terms of Use __](https://figment.io/staking-terms-of-use/)
  * [ General Terms of Use __](https://figment.io/general-terms-of-use/)
  * [ Privacy Policy __](https://figment.io/privacy-policy/)

__ Go to Top

Notifications

