Metaco.com will be sunset as of June 7, 2024

[Learn more](https://ripple.com/solutions/digital-asset-custody/ "Learn more")

Skip to main content

[![Metaco](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/logo.svg?x88149)![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/logo-w.svg?x88149)](https://www.metaco.com)

  * Solutions __

__Solutions

Solutions

    * [__Global Custodians Build tomorrow's market infrastructure ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/global-custodians-top-tier-banks/)
    * [__Universal Banks Satisfy demand for new asset classes ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/universal-banks/)
    * [__Neobanks & FintechsFind new routes to monetization ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/neobanks-fintechs/)
    * [__Regulated Exchanges Grow volumes and profit margins ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/regulated-exchanges/)
    * [__Corporates Boost customer loyalty and engagement ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/corporates/)

  * Platform __

__Platform

Platform

Deploy ambitious digital asset use cases with the most secure and versatile
infrastructure.

    * [__Harmonize™ Platform Overview Issue, store, trade, transfer, settle and service any type of digital asset. ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/harmonize/)
    * [__Custody Hot, warm and institutional cold storage ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/custody/)
    * [__Trading Powerful order execution, funding and settlement ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/trading/)
    * [__Web3 Web3 Portal spanning NFTs, DeFi and DApps ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/web3/)
    * [__Governance Entirely customizable risk and compliance controls ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/governance/)
    * [__Orchestration A single source of truth for managing all digital assets ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/orchestration/)
    * [__Tokenization Asset-agnostic smart contract management framework ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/tokenization/)
    * [__Integration Fully integrable platform following enterprise standards ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/integration/)
    * [__Security Highest protection against insider and external threats ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/security/)

  * Company __

__Company

Company

    * [__About](https://www.metaco.com/company/about/)
    * [__Media & news](https://www.metaco.com/company/media-coverage-press-releases/)
    * [__Careers](https://www.metaco.com/careers/)

  * Resources __

__Resources

Resources

    * [__Talks](https://www.metaco.com/resources/talks/)
    * [__Webinars](https://www.metaco.com/resources/webinars/)
    * [__Case studies](https://www.metaco.com/resources/case-studies/)
    * [__Reports](https://www.metaco.com/resources/reports/)
    * [__Blog](https://www.metaco.com/resources/blog/)

[Contact](https://www.metaco.com/contact/ "Contact")

[Blog](https://www.metaco.com/category/blog/)

# How emerging tokenized deposit services will transform global commerce

  *  __ October 20, 2023
  *  __6 min
  *  __by Seamus Donoghue, Chief Growth Officer

Share

  * [ __](https://www.linkedin.com/sharing/share-offsite/?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.metaco.com%2Fblog%2Fhow-emerging-tokenized-deposit-services-will-transform-global-commerce%2F)
  * [__](https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Metaco+https%3A%2F%2Fwww.metaco.com%2Fblog%2Fhow-emerging-tokenized-deposit-services-will-transform-global-commerce%2F+via+%40metaco_sa)

The true utility of digital assets lies in their ability to reduce friction
and boost efficiency, rather than to drive speculative gains. Realizing those
benefits will be led by trusted, regulated financial institutions.

And it is becoming increasingly apparent that tomorrow’s financial
infrastructure will most likely be underpinned by a combination of central
bank digital currencies (CBDCs) and tokenised deposits representing deposit
claims against commercial banks, rather than volatile cryptocurrencies or
stablecoins at risk of depegging.[1]

In a sign of the times, even as the market capitalization of stablecoins
dropped to a new all-time low following a steady slide over the past year and
a half, a slew of major banks have come out with pilots or plans for tokenized
deposit services.

JPMorgan Chase & Co., for example, which has run a system called JPM Coin
since 2019 allowing corporate clients to transfer dollars and euros between
their various accounts within the institution, is now exploring the use of
tokenised deposits to speed up cross-border payments and settlement.[2]

Last month, Citi Treasury and Trade Solutions (TTS) introduced Citi Token
Services for its institutional clients. The service will integrate tokenized
deposits and smart contracts into Citi’s global network, upgrading core cash
management and trade finance capabilities. In addition to providing cross-
border payments and liquidity on a 24/7 basis, it will also support automated
trade finance solutions. In fact, it has already been used to demonstrate a
digitized solution that serves the same purpose as bank guarantees and letters
of credit.

Meanwhile, several Swiss banks, including UBS and Julius Baer are working to
introduce a tokenised Swiss Franc under the aegis of the Swiss Banking
Association.[3] And South Korea’s Hana Bank and Woori Bank have said they are
looking into tokenized deposits as an alternative to stablecoins.[4]

### Moving to a multi-bank system

Though the tokenized deposit services of JP Morgan and Citi run on
private/permissioned blockchains, a recent proof of concept (PoC) exploring
the feasibility of a Regulated Liability Network (RLN) in the US shows a clear
willingness for individual instiutions to establish interoperable digital
asset solutions on a multi-bank basis—using shared ledger technology to not
only enhance their own services, but also the broader financial system in
partnership with regulators and industry peers.

Spearheaded by Federal Reserve Bank of New York’s New York Innovation Centre
(NYIC) – a partnership with the Bank for International Settlements – the RLN
is a platform to bring together liabilities of both public and private
regulated financial institutions.

The PoC was a success, with the RLN enabling value to move transparently
between parties on a near-instant basis with 24/7 availability. Compared to
traditional real-time gross settlement systems, it provides greater speed,
efficiency, reliability and security. The biggest gains, however, were
observed in cross-border payments, while the advantages over existing domestic
payments systems were more modest.

![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/10/metco-
blog-01.jpg?x88149)

### Inclusive, scalable and readily adoptable

Compared to proposed payments platforms based solely on wholesale CBDCs, the
RLN is arguably more inclusive, scalable and readily adoptable. And crucially,
it is compliant with all existing laws and regulations, functioning as
essentially a blockchain-based settlement layer on top of today’s regulated
financial network.[5]

The participants on the RLN PoC included BNY Mellon, Citi, HSBC, Mastercard,
PNC Bank, Swift, TD Bank, Truist, U.S. Bank and Wells Fargo. While the PoC was
limited to a single currency, the US dollar, the RLN could be expanded to
support multiple currencies and tokenized assets, and potentially provide a
platform to bring together more central banks and thousands of commercial
banks from around the world.

This also points to a likely scenario for how digital assets’ potential to
transform financial infrastructure will be realized. It will begin with banks
enhancing client services using private blockchains. The benefits will then be
magnified and expanded as those banks join shared multi-entity distributed
ledgers.

Through this process of continuously building on foundations, blockchain
technology will eventually transform global economies.

The first of those foundations is ensuring that the digital assets
underpinning this infrastructure can be safely held and accessed. This has
already been achieved, with the creation and broad adoption of bank-grade
digital asset custody solutions from the likes of Metaco, meeting the
industry’s need for security, speed, scalability and flexibility.

Metaco provides mission-critical infrastructure and expert services in 20
jurisdictions across 5 continents, supporting strategic projects seeking to
provide a host of benefits to clients, including greater convenience, lower
costs and broader investment opportunities. When such projects are eventually
linked, those benefits will expand to catalyzing global trade and investment,
too.

[1] https://www.pymnts.com/cryptocurrency/2022/bank-to-bank-digital-currency-
poses-threat-to-stablecoin-appeal/

[2] https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2023-09-07/jpmorgan-jpm-explores-
blockchain-deposit-token-for-payment-settlement

[3] https://www.ledgerinsights.com/swiss-bank-deposit-token-ubs-credit-suisse-
julius-baer/

[4] https://cryptoslate.com/tokenized-deposits-as-alternative-to-stablecoins-
favored-by-south-korean-banks-in-preparation-for-cbdcs/

[5] https://tearsheet.co/blockchain-crypto/feedback-on-the-regulated-
liabilities-network-financial-services-is-one-step-closer-to-a-use-case-for-
blockchain/

## Subscribe to future **Metaco insights**

[ Subscribe](https://go.metaco.com/l/1003211/2023-09-22/qzqx "Subscribe")

![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/footer.png?x88149)

[![Metaco](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/logo-w.svg?x88149)](https://www.metaco.com)

  * [Solutions](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/)
    * [Global Custodians](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/global-custodians-top-tier-banks/)
    * [Universal Banks](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/universal-banks/)
    * [Neobanks & Fintechs](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/neobanks-fintechs/)
    * [Regulated Exchanges](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/regulated-exchanges/)
    * [Corporates](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/corporates/)
  * [Platform](https://www.metaco.com/platform/)
    * [Harmonize™](https://www.metaco.com/platform/harmonize/)
    * [Custody](https://www.metaco.com/platform/custody/)
    * [Trading](https://www.metaco.com/platform/trading/)
    * [Web3](https://www.metaco.com/platform/web3/)
    * [Governance](https://www.metaco.com/platform/governance/)
    * [Orchestration](https://www.metaco.com/platform/orchestration/)
    * [Tokenization](https://www.metaco.com/platform/tokenization/)
    * [Integration](https://www.metaco.com/platform/integration/)
    * [Security](https://www.metaco.com/platform/security/)
  * [Company](https://www.metaco.com/company/media-coverage-press-releases/)
    * [About](https://www.metaco.com/company/about/)
    * [Media & news](https://www.metaco.com/company/media-coverage-press-releases/)
    * [Jobs](https://www.metaco.com/jobs/)
  * [Resources](https://www.metaco.com/resources/)
    * [Talks](https://www.metaco.com/resources/talks/)
    * [Webinars](https://www.metaco.com/resources/webinars/)
    * [Case studies](https://www.metaco.com/resources/case-studies/)
    * [Reports](https://www.metaco.com/resources/reports/)
    * [Blog](https://www.metaco.com/resources/blog/)

![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/10/sco2.png?x88149)![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/10/iso27001.png?x88149)

  * [__](https://www.twitter.com/metaco_sa "Twitter: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")
  * [__](https://www.linkedin.com/company/metaco-ag/ "Linkedin: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")
  * [__](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC4MLOKnJD9bXfHVXMnHM7ow "Youtube: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")
  * [__](https://open.spotify.com/show/0IiI7iftR3F3RqinfJbpRT "Spotify: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")

© 2015-2024 - Metaco SA - All Rights Reserved |[ Terms & Conditions](https://www.metaco.com/terms-conditions/) | [Privacy Policy](https://www.metaco.com/privacy-policy/) | [Cookie policy](https://www.metaco.com/cookie-policy/)

