Skip to main content

[](/en/)

  * Learn
  * Use
  * Build
  * Participate
  * Research

Search```K`

Languages EN

Change page

[Overview](/en/developers/docs/)

Foundational topics

[Intro to Ethereum](/en/developers/docs/intro-to-ethereum/)

[Intro to Ether](/en/developers/docs/intro-to-ether/)

[Intro to dapps](/en/developers/docs/dapps/)

[Web2 vs Web3](/en/developers/docs/web2-vs-web3/)

[Accounts](/en/developers/docs/accounts/)

[Transactions](/en/developers/docs/transactions/)

[Blocks](/en/developers/docs/blocks/)

[Ethereum virtual machine (EVM)](/en/developers/docs/evm/)

[Opcodes](/en/developers/docs/evm/opcodes/)

[Gas](/en/developers/docs/gas/)

[Nodes and clients](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/)

[Run a node](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/run-a-node/)

[Client diversity](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/client-diversity/)

[Nodes as a service](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/nodes-as-a-
service/)

[Node architecture](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/node-architecture/)

[Light clients](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/light-clients/)

[Archive nodes](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/archive-nodes/)

[Bootnodes](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/bootnodes/)

[Networks](/en/developers/docs/networks/)

[Consensus mechanisms](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/)

[Proof-of-work](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pow/)

[Mining](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pow/mining/)

[Mining algorithms](/en/developers/docs/consensus-
mechanisms/pow/mining/mining-algorithms/)

[Dagger-Hashimoto](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pow/mining/mining-
algorithms/dagger-hashimoto/)

[Ethash](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pow/mining/mining-
algorithms/ethash/)

[Proof-of-stake](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/)

[Gasper](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/gasper/)

[Weak subjectivity](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/weak-
subjectivity/)

[Attestations](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/attestations/)

[PoS rewards and penalties](/en/developers/docs/consensus-
mechanisms/pos/rewards-and-penalties/)

[PoS attack and defense](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/attack-
and-defense/)

[Keys](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/keys/)

[Proof-of-stake versus proof-of-work](/en/developers/docs/consensus-
mechanisms/pos/pos-vs-pow/)

[Block proposal](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/block-proposal/)

[Proof-of-stake FAQs](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/faqs/)

[Proof-of-authority](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/poa/)

Ethereum stack

[Intro to the stack](/en/developers/docs/ethereum-stack/)

[Smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/)

[Smart contract languages](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/languages/)

[Smart contract anatomy](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/anatomy/)

[Smart contracts libraries](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/libraries/)

[Testing smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/testing/)

[Compiling smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/compiling/)

[Deploying smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/deploying/)

[Verifying smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/verifying/)

[Upgrading smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/upgrading/)

[Smart contract security](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/security/)

[Smart contract formal verification](/en/developers/docs/smart-
contracts/formal-verification/)

[Composability](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/composability/)

[Development networks](/en/developers/docs/development-networks/)

[Development frameworks](/en/developers/docs/frameworks/)

Ethereum client APIs

[JavaScript APIs](/en/developers/docs/apis/javascript/)

[Backend APIs](/en/developers/docs/apis/backend/)

[JSON-RPC](/en/developers/docs/apis/json-rpc/)

[Data and analytics](/en/developers/docs/data-and-analytics/)

[Block explorers](/en/developers/docs/data-and-analytics/block-explorers/)

[Storage](/en/developers/docs/storage/)

[Integrated Development Environments (IDEs)](/en/developers/docs/ides/)

[Programming languages](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/)

[Dart](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/dart/)

[Delphi](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/delphi/)

[.NET](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/dot-net/)

[Golang](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/golang/)

[Java](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/java/)

[JavaScript](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/javascript/)

[Python](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/python/)

[Ruby](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/ruby/)

[Rust](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/rust/)

Advanced

[Bridges](/en/developers/docs/bridges/)

[Standards](/en/developers/docs/standards/)

[Token standards](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/)

[ERC-20: Fungible Tokens](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/erc-20/)

[ERC-721: NFTs](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/erc-721/)

[ERC-777](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/erc-777/)

[ERC-1155](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/erc-1155/)

[ERC-4626](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/erc-4626/)

[Maximal extractable value (MEV)](/en/developers/docs/mev/)

[Oracles](/en/developers/docs/oracles/)

[Scaling](/en/developers/docs/scaling/)

[Optimistic rollups](/en/developers/docs/scaling/optimistic-rollups/)

[Zero-knowledge rollups](/en/developers/docs/scaling/zk-rollups/)

[State channels](/en/developers/docs/scaling/state-channels/)

[Sidechains](/en/developers/docs/scaling/sidechains/)

[Plasma](/en/developers/docs/scaling/plasma/)

[Validium](/en/developers/docs/scaling/validium/)

[Data availability](/en/developers/docs/data-availability/)

[Networking layer](/en/developers/docs/networking-layer/)

[Network addresses](/en/developers/docs/networking-layer/network-addresses/)

[Portal Network](/en/developers/docs/networking-layer/portal-network/)

[Data structures and encoding](/en/developers/docs/data-structures-and-
encoding/)

[Patricia Merkle Trie](/en/developers/docs/data-structures-and-
encoding/patricia-merkle-trie/)

[Recursive-length prefix (RLP)](/en/developers/docs/data-structures-and-
encoding/rlp/)

[Simple serialize (SSZ)](/en/developers/docs/data-structures-and-
encoding/ssz/)

[Web3 secret storage definition](/en/developers/docs/data-structures-and-
encoding/web3-secret-storage/)

Design fundamentals

[Intro to design and UX](/en/developers/docs/design-and-ux/)

# Keys in proof-of-stake Ethereum

l

Last edit: [@lukassim(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/lukassim), April
11, 2024

See contributors

On this page

  * The two types of validator keys
    * The validator key
    * Withdrawal credentials
    * The withdrawal key
  * Deriving keys from a seed phrase
  * Further reading

Ethereum secures user assets using public-private key cryptography. The public
key is used as the basis for an Ethereum address—that is, it is visible to the
general public and used as a unique identifier. The private (or 'secret') key
should only ever be accessible to an account owner. The private key is used to
'sign' transactions and data so that cryptography can prove that the holder
approves some action of a specific private key.

Ethereum's keys are generated using [elliptic-curve cryptography(opens in a
new tab)](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Elliptic-curve_cryptography).

However, when Ethereum switched from [proof-of-
work](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pow/) to [proof-of-
stake](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/) a new type of key was
added to Ethereum. The original keys still work exactly the same as
before—there were no changes to the elliptic-curve-based keys securing
accounts. However, users needed a new type of key for participating in proof-
of-stake by staking ETH and running validators. This need arose from
scalability challenges associated with many messages passing between large
numbers of validators that required a cryptographic method that could easily
be aggregated to reduce the amount of communication required for the network
to come to consensus.

This new type of key uses the [**Boneh-Lynn-Shacham (BLS)** signature
scheme(opens in a new tab)](https://wikipedia.org/wiki/BLS_digital_signature).
BLS enables a very efficient aggregation of signatures but also allows reverse
engineering of aggregated individual validator keys and is ideal for managing
actions between validators.

## The two types of validator keys

Before the switch to proof-of-stake, Ethereum users only had a single
elliptic-curve-based private key to access their funds. With the introduction
of proof-of-stake, users that wished to be solo stakers also required a
**validator key** and a **withdrawal key**.

### The validator key

The validator signing key consists of two elements:

  * Validator **private** key
  * Validator **public** key

The purpose of the validator private key is to sign on-chain operations such
as block proposals and attestations. Because of this, these keys must be held
in a hot wallet.

This flexibility has the advantage of moving validator signing keys very
quickly from one device to another, however, if they have gotten lost or
stolen, a thief may be able to **act maliciously** in a few ways:

  * Get the validator slashed by:
    * Being a proposer and signing two different beacon blocks for the same slot
    * Being an attester and signing an attestation that "surrounds" another one
    * Being an attester and signing two different attestations having the same target
  * Force a voluntary exit, which stops the validator from staking, and grants access to its ETH balance to the withdrawal key owner

The **validator public key** is included in the transaction data when a user
deposits ETH to the staking deposit contract. This is known as the _deposit
data_ and it allows Ethereum to identify the validator.

### Withdrawal credentials

Every validator has a property known as _withdrawal credentials_. This 32-byte
field begins with either a `0x00`, representing BLS withdrawal credentials, or
a `0x01`, representing credentials that point to an execution address.

Validators with `0x00` BLS keys must update these credentials to point to an
execution address in order to activate excess balance payments or full
withdrawal from staking. This can be done by providing an execution address in
the deposit data during initial key generation, _OR_ by using the withdrawal
key at a later time to sign and broadcast a `BLSToExecutionChange` message.

### The withdrawal key

The withdrawal key will be required to update withdrawal credentials to point
to an execution address, if not set during initial deposit. This will enable
excess balance payments to begin being processed, and will also allow users to
fully withdraw their staked ETH.

Just like the validator keys, the withdrawal keys also consist of two
components:

  * Withdrawal **private** key
  * Withdrawal **public** key

Losing this key before updating withdrawal credentials to `0x01` type means
losing access to the validator balance. The validator can still sign
attestations and blocks since these actions require the validator's private
key, however there is little to no incentive if the withdrawal keys are lost.

Separating the validator keys from the Ethereum account keys enables multiple
validators to be run by a single user.

[![validator key
schematic](/_next/image/?url=%2Fcontent%2Fdevelopers%2Fdocs%2Fconsensus-
mechanisms%2Fpos%2Fkeys%2Fvalidator-key-
schematic.png&w=1920&q=75)](/content/developers/docs/consensus-
mechanisms/pos/keys/validator-key-schematic.png)

## Deriving keys from a seed phrase

If every 32 ETH staked required a new set of 2 completely independent keys,
key management would quickly become unwieldy, especially for users running
multiple validators. Instead, multiple validator keys can be derived from a
single common secret and storing that single secret allows access to multiple
validator keys.

[Mnemonics(opens in a new
tab)](https://en.bitcoinwiki.org/wiki/Mnemonic_phrase) and paths are prominent
features that users often encounter when [they access(opens in a new
tab)](https://ethereum.stackexchange.com/questions/19055/what-is-the-
difference-between-m-44-60-0-0-and-m-44-60-0) their wallets. The mnemonic is a
sequence of words that act as an initial seed for a private key. When combined
with additional data, the mnemonic generates a hash known as the 'master key'.
This can be thought of as the root of a tree. Branches from this root can then
be derived using a hierarchical path so that child nodes can exist as
combinations of their parent node's hash and their index in the tree. Read
about [BIP-32(opens in a new
tab)](https://github.com/bitcoin/bips/blob/master/bip-0032.mediawiki) and
[BIP-19(opens in a new
tab)](https://github.com/bitcoin/bips/blob/master/bip-0039.mediawiki)
standards for mnemonic-based key generation.

These paths have the following structure, which will be familiar to users who
have interacted with hardware wallets:

    
    
    1m/44'/60'/0'/0`

The slashes in this path separate components of the private key as follows:

    
    
    1master_key / purpose / coin_type / account / change / address_index

This logic enables users to attach as many validators as possible to a single
**mnemonic phrase** because the tree root can be common, and differentiation
can happen at the branches. The user can **derive any number of keys** from
the mnemonic phrase.

    
    
    1      [m / 0]
    
    2     /
    
    3    /
    
    4[m] - [m / 1]
    
    5    \
    
    6     \
    
    7      [m / 2]

Each branch is separated by a `/` so `m/2` means start with the master key and
follow branch 2. In the schematic below a single mnemonic phrase is used to
store three withdrawal keys, each with two associated validators.

[![validator key
logic](/_next/image/?url=%2Fcontent%2Fdevelopers%2Fdocs%2Fconsensus-
mechanisms%2Fpos%2Fkeys%2Fmultiple-
keys.png&w=1920&q=75)](/content/developers/docs/consensus-
mechanisms/pos/keys/multiple-keys.png)

## Further reading

  * [Ethereum Foundation blog post by Carl Beekhuizen(opens in a new tab)](https://blog.ethereum.org/2020/05/21/keys/)
  * [EIP-2333 BLS12-381 key generation(opens in a new tab)](https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-2333)

back-to-top ↑

### Was this article helpful?

YesNo

![👈](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f448.svg)

Previous

[PoS attack and defense](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/attack-
and-defense/)

![👉](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f449.svg)

Next

[Proof-of-stake versus proof-of-work](/en/developers/docs/consensus-
mechanisms/pos/pos-vs-pow/)

  * [Edit page(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/ethereum/ethereum-org-website/tree/dev/public/content/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/keys/index.md)
  * On this page

    * The two types of validator keys
      * The validator key
      * Withdrawal credentials
      * The withdrawal key
    * Deriving keys from a seed phrase
    * Further reading

Website last updated: May 22, 2024

[(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/ethereum/ethereum-org-
website)[(opens in a new tab)](https://twitter.com/ethdotorg)[(opens in a new
tab)](https://discord.gg/ethereum-org)

### Learn

  * [Learn Hub](/en/learn/)
  * [What is Ethereum?](/en/what-is-ethereum/)
  * [What is ether (ETH)?](/en/eth/)
  * [Ethereum wallets](/en/wallets/)
  * [What is Web3?](/en/web3/)
  * [Smart contracts](/en/smart-contracts/)
  * [Gas fees](/en/gas/)
  * [Run a node](/en/run-a-node/)
  * [Ethereum security and scam prevention](/en/security/)
  * [Quiz Hub](/en/quizzes/)
  * [Ethereum glossary](/en/glossary/)

### Use

  * [Guides](/en/guides/)
  * [Choose your wallet](/en/wallets/find-wallet/)
  * [Get ETH](/en/get-eth/)
  * [Dapps - Decentralized applications](/en/dapps/)
  * [Stablecoins](/en/stablecoins/)
  * [NFTs - Non-fungible tokens](/en/nft/)
  * [DeFi - Decentralized finance](/en/defi/)
  * [DAOs - Decentralized autonomous organizations](/en/dao/)
  * [Decentralized identity](/en/decentralized-identity/)
  * [Stake ETH](/en/staking/)
  * [Layer 2](/en/layer-2/)

### Build

  * [Builder's home](/en/developers/)
  * [Tutorials](/en/developers/tutorials/)
  * [Documentation](/en/developers/docs/)
  * [Learn by coding](/en/developers/learning-tools/)
  * [Set up local environment](/en/developers/local-environment/)
  * [Grants](/en/community/grants/)
  * [Foundational topics](/en/developers/docs/intro-to-ethereum/)
  * [UX/UI design fundamentals](/en/developers/docs/design-and-ux/)
  * [Enterprise - Mainnet Ethereum](/en/enterprise/)
  * [Enterprise - Private Ethereum](/en/enterprise/private-ethereum/)

### Participate

  * [Community hub](/en/community/)
  * [Online communities](/en/community/online/)
  * [Ethereum events](/en/community/events/)
  * [Contributing to ethereum.org](/en/contributing/)
  * [Translation Program](/en/contributing/translation-program/)
  * [Ethereum bug bounty program](/en/bug-bounty/)
  * [Ethereum Foundation](/en/foundation/)
  * [Ethereum Foundation Blog(opens in a new tab)](https://blog.ethereum.org/)
  * [Ecosystem Support Program(opens in a new tab)](https://esp.ethereum.foundation)
  * [Devcon(opens in a new tab)](https://devcon.org/)

### Research

  * [Ethereum Whitepaper](/en/whitepaper/)
  * [Ethereum roadmap](/en/roadmap/)
  * [Improved security](/en/roadmap/security/)
  * [Technical history of Ethereum](/en/history/)
  * [Open research](/en/community/research/)
  * [Ethereum Improvement Proposals](/en/eips/)
  * [Ethereum governance](/en/governance/)

  * [About us](/en/about/)
  * [Ethereum brand assets](/en/assets/)
  * [Code of conduct](/en/community/code-of-conduct/)
  * [Jobs](/en/about/#open-jobs)
  * [Privacy policy](/en/privacy-policy/)
  * [Terms of use](/en/terms-of-use/)
  * [Cookie policy](/en/cookie-policy/)
  * [Press Contact(opens in a new tab)](mailto:press@ethereum.org)

Is this page helpful?

