![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/AhUvfvqAQxu6ebEBOZSlbvFNo.png)

[back](../blog)

Blogs

Introducing Solayer Stage 1 Release Roadmap

![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/q0nyebwCIa0UMkGSxhbLjTOg.png)

Solayer Core

May 15, 2024

### TLDR: Solayer introduces Stage 1. The beginning of the Solana restaking
layer.

Waitâ¦ before we activate Epoch 0, letâs talk!

Solayer is excited to introduce **Stage 1** of its release roadmap. Blockchain
is composed of interconnected units. Leveraging restaking, Solayer is enabling
the economic & infrastructure premium and guarantee to these decentralized
systems, powered by Solana.

We are humbled to bring this paradigm to the ecosystem, native to Solana.

## Overview

Solayer has been in stealth development to build a Solana-fitting restaking
platform, with two areas of development:  
1\. shared security infrastructure via restaking  
2\. horizontal scalability

  

Our vision is to build a consortium of permissionless networks at the Layer 1
chain, extending Solana to the wider array of decentralized worlds. Solana as
the internet layer provides how data, trust, and money travel. Solayer
leverages its economic security and premium execution as the decentralized
cloud infrastructure to enable higher degree of consensus and blockspace
customization for application developers.

  

**Key stages**

  1. Restaking epochs: stakers will restake via liquid staking and native staking

  2. Node operators: client registry that can provide services to the inter-connected systems

  3. Shared Validator Network: primitive-focused modules to develop SVNs.

We are breaking down the release in 3 phases to ensure the successful and
smooth onboarding of key parties, as well as a _balanced_ pooled security to
leverage with sufficient yield.

## Letâs talk about Stage 1

The roadmap for stage 1 is pooling liquidity, separated by epochs - similar to
Eigenlayer. We are introducing new mechanisms that are drastically different
than, which will be released at Epoch 6.  
  

**What is restaking?  **

Solana employs a combination of Proof of Stake (PoS) and Proof of History
(PoH) consensus mechanisms. Participants stake assets for a chance to validate
network activities according to protocol rules. Validators engaging in
dishonest behavior risk having their stakes slashed by others. In return for
their contributions to network security, validators receive additional tokens
as rewards.

  
Restaking allows holders of SOL or Liquid Staked SOL to participate in
"delegated consensus". They restake their assets into the Solayer restaking
vault and delegate to a group of operators. These operators then opt into
other systems to validate and earn rewards.

  

**How it works technically**

**Restaking Implementation**

![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/jzfL5lvhRSu9hH6JGaQUoPfzJY.png)

**Native SOL restaking**

![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/tSJ1lOxGzTTSLWUvO0kMuVFKZk.png)

  

Please go to our docs page to learn more information. Note, the Solayer docs
are in its infancy and will be improved upon over time.  
  

**Stage 1 initial restaking assets**

  * Native restaking pool

  * Liquid restaking pool is available to the following liquid staking protocols / tokens

    * Marinade-SOL

    * Blaze-SOL

    * JITO-SOL

    * INF

Solayer inherently supports over 20 assets. To mitigate risk, we are initially
launching with 4 major Solana Liquid Staking Tokens (LSTs). The Solayer native
restaking pool rebalances the asset across different validators to achieve
maximum base yield etc, starting with Jupiter validator. If you are a protocol
with LST, and want to be added, we will release the Solayer Improvement
Proposal (SIP) process as a mechanism for inclusion. Please stay tuned for
more details.

  

**Stage 1 native restaking pool yield**

Our native restaking pool offers a three-fold yield stack, providing returns
from native MEV-boosted staking yield, Solayer rewards, and SVN yield.

![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/nMI9ZAzOA3hSiV2Xh7X1IWnRKk.png)

  
The Solayer contract has gone through an audit with Otter.sec, the most
prominent auditing firm in Solana. Please view detailed reports here. Security
is the most important priority of the network, and our subsequent efforts to
uphold that include:

\- Solayer internal bug bounty program

\- Third party bug bounty program

  

More details will be released soon.

## Why are we building Solayer?

Solana has initially focused on performance optimization, establishing itself
as a critical player with robust infrastructure and network effects capable of
handling computation-intensive and high-capacity applications. As we look
ahead to the coming year, we are excited to lead the movement towards "scaling
out" from the Solana base chain. Restaking will play a key role in enhancing
Solana's position as a leader, offering both monetary and infrastructure
advantages. Our vision is to empower the development of more distributed
systems and workloads built on top of Solana.

### The activation timeline of Stage 1, Epoch 0 will be released on Twitter.

See you soon!

Subscribe to all things Solayer

[solayer](../)

Solayer leverages the economic principles of staking to extend the security of
Solana's base layer.

[](https://twitter.com/solayer_labs)[](https://discord.gg/solayerlabs)[](https://github.com/solayer-
labs)

[About](../about)

[Career](https://jobs.solana.com/companies/solayer-labs)

Contact us

[Community ](../community)

[Documentations](https://docs.solayer.org/)

[Changelog](../changelog)

Â©2024 Solayer Â· All Rights Reserved

[Privacy Policy](../privacy-policy)

[Terms & Condition](../terms&condition)

[solayer](../)

[Docs](https://docs.solayer.org/)

[Blogs](../blog)

[Community](../community)

[About](../about)

