Metaco.com will be sunset as of June 7, 2024

[Learn more](https://ripple.com/solutions/digital-asset-custody/ "Learn more")

Skip to main content

[![Metaco](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/logo.svg?x88149)![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/logo-w.svg?x88149)](https://www.metaco.com)

  * Solutions __

__Solutions

Solutions

    * [__Global Custodians Build tomorrow's market infrastructure ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/global-custodians-top-tier-banks/)
    * [__Universal Banks Satisfy demand for new asset classes ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/universal-banks/)
    * [__Neobanks & FintechsFind new routes to monetization ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/neobanks-fintechs/)
    * [__Regulated Exchanges Grow volumes and profit margins ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/regulated-exchanges/)
    * [__Corporates Boost customer loyalty and engagement ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/corporates/)

  * Platform __

__Platform

Platform

Deploy ambitious digital asset use cases with the most secure and versatile
infrastructure.

    * [__Harmonize™ Platform Overview Issue, store, trade, transfer, settle and service any type of digital asset. ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/harmonize/)
    * [__Custody Hot, warm and institutional cold storage ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/custody/)
    * [__Trading Powerful order execution, funding and settlement ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/trading/)
    * [__Web3 Web3 Portal spanning NFTs, DeFi and DApps ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/web3/)
    * [__Governance Entirely customizable risk and compliance controls ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/governance/)
    * [__Orchestration A single source of truth for managing all digital assets ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/orchestration/)
    * [__Tokenization Asset-agnostic smart contract management framework ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/tokenization/)
    * [__Integration Fully integrable platform following enterprise standards ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/integration/)
    * [__Security Highest protection against insider and external threats ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/security/)

  * Company __

__Company

Company

    * [__About](https://www.metaco.com/company/about/)
    * [__Media & news](https://www.metaco.com/company/media-coverage-press-releases/)
    * [__Careers](https://www.metaco.com/careers/)

  * Resources __

__Resources

Resources

    * [__Talks](https://www.metaco.com/resources/talks/)
    * [__Webinars](https://www.metaco.com/resources/webinars/)
    * [__Case studies](https://www.metaco.com/resources/case-studies/)
    * [__Reports](https://www.metaco.com/resources/reports/)
    * [__Blog](https://www.metaco.com/resources/blog/)

[Contact](https://www.metaco.com/contact/ "Contact")

[Blog](https://www.metaco.com/category/blog/)

# In a Decentralized World, Twitter Wouldn’t Arbitrate Free Speech

  *  __ February 26, 2021
  *  __6 min
  *  __Adrien Treccani (Founder and CEO at Metaco)

Share

  * [ __](https://www.linkedin.com/sharing/share-offsite/?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.metaco.com%2Fblog%2Fin-a-decentralized-world-twitter-wouldnt-arbitrate-free-speech%2F)
  * [__](https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Metaco+https%3A%2F%2Fwww.metaco.com%2Fblog%2Fin-a-decentralized-world-twitter-wouldnt-arbitrate-free-speech%2F+via+%40metaco_sa)

This article was first published on[beincrypto.com](http://www.beincrypto.com)
on Feb 17th, 2021

### Decentralization can solve the issues of social media governance and more.

While crypto assets have incredible potential when it comes to democratizing
finance — this is ever more clear now that we’re [through the hype
cycle](https://www.metaco.com/digital-assets-are-coming-of-age/) — blockchain
also has wider, much more far-reaching applications.

In a decentralized world, we don’t have to place our faith in human
gatekeepers.

And this is fairer, more transparent, and more secure than a system where
power is centralized and, for instance, the [CEOs of private
businesses](https://stratechery.com/2021/internet-3-0-and-the-beginning-of-
tech-history/) can decide what is and isn’t free speech.

####

### Unchaining the blockchain

It was Vitalik Buterin, the founder of the
[Ethereum](https://www.metaco.com/digital-assets-glossary-ethereum/) (ETH)
blockchain, who first brought the [blockchain’s wider potential
](https://blockchainlab.com/pdf/Ethereum_white_paper-
a_next_generation_smart_contract_and_decentralized_application_platform-
vitalik-buterin.pdf)to public attention.

His original intention was to improve
[Bitcoin](https://www.metaco.com/digital-assets-glossary-bitcoin/)’s (BTC)
payment ecosystem. But he quickly realized the blockchain could support any
type of transaction imaginable. And this opened up all sorts of new
possibilities.

The technology that makes this possible is smart contracts: contracts written
in code and deployed on the blockchain. These contracts are designed to
execute themselves when predetermined parameters are met and verified by the
network.

When you think about it, many of our day-to-day interactions have a
contractual element. And this means smart contracts have an extremely broad
range of use cases.

Some are very simple, like [sale and purchase
transactions](https://beincrypto.com/future-of-international-crypto-payments-
lies-with-regulations/). But the principle can also be applied in complex
situations like identity and reputation management, [institutional decision-
making](https://blockchainhub.net/dao-decentralized-autonomous-organization/),
and yes, even law enforcement.

Because they’re self-executing, smart contracts are much more efficient than
the processes they seek to replace. There’s no need for external monitoring,
enforcement mechanisms, or, indeed, other middlemen.

But what’s truly exciting is that, unlike traditional transactions, smart
contracts do not require trust or good faith — two things that, in the modern
world, aren’t necessarily a given.

If the pre-agreed conditions baked into the smart contract are met and
mathematical calculations, verified by the network, confirm everything is
valid, the transaction will go ahead and can’t be reversed.

###

### The problem with centralization

Crypto expert Chris Dixon [argues](https://onezero.medium.com/why-
decentralization-matters-5e3f79f7638e) centralized systems follow a very
predictable S-curved lifecycle. Dixon says:

_“WHEN THEY START OUT, THEY DO EVERYTHING THEY CAN TO RECRUIT USERS AND THIRD
PARTY COMPLEMENTS LIKE DEVELOPERS, BUSINESSES, AND MEDIA ORGANIZATIONS… TO
MAKE THEIR SERVICES MORE VALUABLE.”_

But _“_ as platforms move up the adoption S-curve,” he continues, “their power
over users and third parties steadily grows.”

When the curve peaks, the relationship becomes zero-sum. The simplest way for
the system to keep growing is then to extract as much data as possible from
users and cannibalize services that until now were complementary.

Dixon is of course talking about the perils of centralization in technology.
But it’s not a stretch to argue that this also applies more broadly.

Centralization concentrates power in the hands of a few. Over time, their
interests start competing with those of their users, with consequences such as
lack of transparency and [rent-
seeking](https://fivethirtyeight.com/features/the-rent-seeking-is-too-damn-
high/) behavior.

Centralization also creates a single point of failure which could potentially
cause the whole system to collapse.

This happened in 2008, when the troubles of banks that had become too big to
fail triggered a global recession. But as the storming of the US Capitol and
social media giants’ subsequent decision to deplatform Donald Trump prove, the
potential for widespread failure and unforeseen, unintended consequences
applies equally to governments and our wider social contract.

Devastating failures aren’t always due to breaches or hacks. People and
organizations — including governments — make bad decisions, whether that’s
through genuine mistakes, incompetence, corruption, or other reasons.

###

### The blockchain’s promise for a better future

Buterin distinguishes between three types of
[decentralization](https://www.metaco.com/decentralized/):

  * Architectural: how many physical components make up the whole.
  * Political: how many individuals or organizations ultimately control the system.
  * Logical, that is whether there’s a single interface and data structures or a more amorphous arrangement.

The blockchain’s true potential lies in removing political and architectural
centralization, placing power in the hands of end users, and providing **a
more secure governance mechanism.**

A decentralized, trustless, stateless system can make it possible to do away
with government influence where this makes sense.

It can open up new opportunities to people who have been locked out of
traditional systems due to arbitrary barriers to entry.

And it can help us create better versions of centralized organizations like
Twitter: secure, private, and where the narrative can’t be hijacked by vested
interests who learn how to game the system.

The blockchain won’t magically solve all of society’s ills. But by cutting out
middlemen and enabling true peer-to-peer interactions, **we can align
interests and incentives much better.  **

![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/footer.png?x88149)

## **Explore** more

  * ![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/02/ripple-metaco-logo-globe-1-640x638.png?x88149)

[Blog](https://www.metaco.com/category/blog/)

February 29, 2024### [Building for the Digital Asset Future with
Ripple](https://www.metaco.com/blog/building-digital-asset-future-with-ripple/
"Building for the Digital Asset Future with Ripple")

  * ![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/02/blog-1200-640x335.jpg?x88149)

[Blog](https://www.metaco.com/category/blog/)

February 16, 2024### [Preparing for a paradigm shift in financial
services](https://www.metaco.com/blog/paradigm-shift-rajeev-tummala-hsbc/
"Preparing for a paradigm shift in financial services")

  * ![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/01/blog-banner.jpg?x88149)

[Blog](https://www.metaco.com/category/blog/)

January 25, 2024### [UAE as a thriving digital assets’ hub: progressive
regulation spurs innovation](https://www.metaco.com/blog/uae-as-a-thriving-
digital-assets-hub-progressive-regulation-spurs-innovation/ "UAE as a thriving
digital assets’ hub: progressive regulation spurs innovation")

[![Metaco](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/logo-w.svg?x88149)](https://www.metaco.com)

  * [Solutions](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/)
    * [Global Custodians](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/global-custodians-top-tier-banks/)
    * [Universal Banks](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/universal-banks/)
    * [Neobanks & Fintechs](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/neobanks-fintechs/)
    * [Regulated Exchanges](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/regulated-exchanges/)
    * [Corporates](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/corporates/)
  * [Platform](https://www.metaco.com/platform/)
    * [Harmonize™](https://www.metaco.com/platform/harmonize/)
    * [Custody](https://www.metaco.com/platform/custody/)
    * [Trading](https://www.metaco.com/platform/trading/)
    * [Web3](https://www.metaco.com/platform/web3/)
    * [Governance](https://www.metaco.com/platform/governance/)
    * [Orchestration](https://www.metaco.com/platform/orchestration/)
    * [Tokenization](https://www.metaco.com/platform/tokenization/)
    * [Integration](https://www.metaco.com/platform/integration/)
    * [Security](https://www.metaco.com/platform/security/)
  * [Company](https://www.metaco.com/company/media-coverage-press-releases/)
    * [About](https://www.metaco.com/company/about/)
    * [Media & news](https://www.metaco.com/company/media-coverage-press-releases/)
    * [Jobs](https://www.metaco.com/jobs/)
  * [Resources](https://www.metaco.com/resources/)
    * [Talks](https://www.metaco.com/resources/talks/)
    * [Webinars](https://www.metaco.com/resources/webinars/)
    * [Case studies](https://www.metaco.com/resources/case-studies/)
    * [Reports](https://www.metaco.com/resources/reports/)
    * [Blog](https://www.metaco.com/resources/blog/)

![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/10/sco2.png?x88149)![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/10/iso27001.png?x88149)

  * [__](https://www.twitter.com/metaco_sa "Twitter: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")
  * [__](https://www.linkedin.com/company/metaco-ag/ "Linkedin: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")
  * [__](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC4MLOKnJD9bXfHVXMnHM7ow "Youtube: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")
  * [__](https://open.spotify.com/show/0IiI7iftR3F3RqinfJbpRT "Spotify: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")

© 2015-2024 - Metaco SA - All Rights Reserved |[ Terms & Conditions](https://www.metaco.com/terms-conditions/) | [Privacy Policy](https://www.metaco.com/privacy-policy/) | [Cookie policy](https://www.metaco.com/cookie-policy/)

