[](https://www.binance.com/en)

[Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/crypto/buy)

[Markets](https://www.binance.com/en/markets/overview)

Trade

Basic

  * [SpotBuy and sell on the Spot market with advanced tools](https://www.binance.com/en/trade/BTC_USDT?type=spot)
  * [MarginIncrease your profits with leverage](https://www.binance.com/en/trade?type=cross)
  * [P2PBuy & sell cryptocurrencies using bank transfer and 800+ options](https://p2p.binance.com/en)
  * [Convert & Block TradeThe easiest way to trade at all sizes](https://www.binance.com/en/convert)

Advanced

  * [Trading BotsTrade smarter with our various automated strategies - easy, fast and reliable](https://www.binance.com/en/trading-bots)
  * [Copy TradingFollow the most popular traders](https://www.binance.com/en/copy-trading)
  * [APIsUnlimited opportunities with one key](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-api)

[Futures](https://www.binance.com/en/futures/home)

  * [USDⓈ-M FuturesContracts settled in USDT and USDC](https://www.binance.com/en/futures)
  * [COIN-M FuturesContracts settled in cryptocurrency](https://www.binance.com/en/delivery)
  * [OptionsUSDT Options with limited downside and affordable entry](https://www.binance.com/en/eoptions)

[Earn](https://www.binance.com/en/earn)

[Square](https://www.binance.com/en/square)

  * [SquareStay informed with everything crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/square)
  * [Academy (Learn & Earn)Earn crypto by learning about blockchain](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn)
  * [BlogExpand your knowledge and get the latest insights](https://www.binance.com/en/blog)
  * [ResearchInstitutional-grade analysis, in-depth insights, and more](https://www.binance.com/en/research)

More

  * [VIP & InstitutionalYour trusted digital asset platform for VIPs and institutions](https://www.binance.com/en/vip-institutional-services)
  * [Launchpad & LaunchpoolDiscover and gain access to new token launches](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)
  * [MegadropLock your BNB and complete Web3 quests for boosted airdrop rewards](https://www.binance.com/en/megadrop)
  * [Mining PoolMine more rewards by connecting to the pool](https://pool.binance.com/en)
  * [PaySend, receive and spend crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/payment)
  * [LoansGet an instant loan secured by crypto assets](https://www.binance.com/en/loan)

  * [NFTExplore NFTs from creators worldwide](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/home)
  * [Fan TokenDiscover an all-new fandom and unlock unlimited fan experiences](https://www.binance.com/en/fan-token)
  * [Web3 WalletMeet the next-generation Web3 wallet](https://www.binance.com/en/web3wallet)
  * [BNB ChainThe most popular blockchain to build your own dApp](https://www.bnbchain.org)
  * [CharityBlockchain empowers charity to be more transparent, efficient, and traceable](https://www.binance.charity)

[Log
In](https://accounts.binance.com/en/login?loginChannel=blog&return_to=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYmluYW5jZS5jb20vZW4vYmxvZy9sYXVuY2hwYWQvYmluYW5jZS1sYXVuY2hwYWQtdG8tcnVuLXRva2VuLXNhbGUtb2YtdG9rb2NyeXB0by10aGUtZmlyc3QtaW5kb25lc2lhbi1sb2NhbC1jcnlwdG9jdXJyZW5jeS1wcm9qZWN0LTQyMTQ5OTgyNDY4NDkwMTkxMj9sYW5nPWVu)[Sign
Up](https://accounts.binance.com/en/register?registerChannel=blog&return_to=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYmluYW5jZS5jb20vZW4vYmxvZy9sYXVuY2hwYWQvYmluYW5jZS1sYXVuY2hwYWQtdG8tcnVuLXRva2VuLXNhbGUtb2YtdG9rb2NyeXB0by10aGUtZmlyc3QtaW5kb25lc2lhbi1sb2NhbC1jcnlwdG9jdXJyZW5jeS1wcm9qZWN0LTQyMTQ5OTgyNDY4NDkwMTkxMj9sYW5nPWVu)

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/images/common/logo.png)

Scan to Download App IOS & Android

[More Download
Options](https://www.binance.com/en/download?utm_source=&utm_campaign=)

##### [Binance Blog](/blog)

# Binance Launchpad To Run Token Sale of Tokocrypto, the first Indonesian
local cryptocurrency project

2021-04-06

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20210406/313f3d89-417c-48bb-
ad32-dbf1112777c4.png)

[Binance Launchpad](https://launchpad.binance.com/), Binance’s exclusive token
launch platform for transformative blockchain projects announced its support
for Tokocrypto - the first Indonesian local cryptocurrency project. Tokocrypto
focuses to leverage on a unique hybrid token model which bridges the utilities
of centralized finance (CeFi) and decentralized finance (DeFi) for the benefit
of the masses.

Tokocrypto’s TKO is set to be the 5th project on Binance Launchpad in 2021.
TKO token sale will follow the Launchpad’s new subscription format, with the
recording of users’ BNB balance starting at 2021-03-31 0:00 AM (UTC). Binance
will record user BNB balances for 7 days from 2021-03-31 0:00 AM (UTC) to
2021-04-07 0:00 AM (UTC). The final BNB holding amount for each user will be
determined as the average of the 7 days, using the Daily Average BNB Balance
calculation.

Through its TKO project, Tokocrypto aims to help Indonesians gain a broader
knowledge of the crypto industry as well as to integrate blockchain technology
as an integral part of society and subsequently, the global economy. For the
benefit of the uninitiated, Tokocrypto is one of Indonesia’s leading
cryptocurrency exchanges which was officially launched in September 2018 and
became the first entity in Indonesia to be registered under the Commodity
Futures Trading Regulatory Agency Indonesia (BAPPEBTI) in November 2019.

The partnership between Binance and Tokocrypto dates back to June 2020.  As a
result of the partnership IDR (BIDR), an industry-leading rupiah-based
stablecoin, which serves as an integral fiat gateway for millions of
Indonesians was launched.

From the macro perspective of the Toko Ecosystem, the synergy between TKO and
BIDR would offer a seamless experience through the provision of a hassle-free
fiat gateway to ensure easy access to crypto assets and the DeFi market. As to
the token economics management of TKO, every quarter Tokocrypto will utilise a
portion of the trading volume generated on its crypto-to-crypto platform to
burn TKOs amounting up to 10% of the total TKO supply as part of Tokocrypto’s
continuous efforts to balance the supply and demand mechanism for TKO. In
terms of its utility, TKO will function as Tokocrypto’s exchange platform
token which offers trading fee discounts, airdrop entitlement, merchandise
redemption, and other incentives.

Additionally, holders of TKO tokens will be entitled to participate in deposit
and savings programs such as TKO Deposit, TKO Savings, and TKO Cashback.
Moving forward, the planned cross-platform DeFi use cases for TKO includes the
integration of TKO’s functionalities on third-party DeFi platforms via farming
pools, lending, and more. Last but not least, Tokocrypto will be breaking new
ground in the context of the Indonesian non-fungible token (NFT) landscape
through the establishment of Indonesia’s first-of-its-kind marketplace for
digital collectibles and creative assets from emerging young artists whereby
TKO would serve as the backbone of the platform and the payment gateway
between these creators and their audience.

“TKO is Indonesian People's Token. What we want to build is an "Indonesia
Strategy'' for Indonesians, where this solution can reach out to everyone in
the country on top of just financial services”, said Tokocrypto CEO Mr. Pang
Xue Ka. “By building on BNB Smart Chain, this will help us to realize
limitless potential that we can achieve through blockchain technology. And
hopefully, to build a one-and-only digital economy for Indonesia”.

"The popularity of NTFs has skyrocketed to unprecedented heights. Tokocrypto's
initiative to create Indonesia's first NFT marketplace will be actively
supported by the entire crypto community", said Binance CEO and Founder, CZ
(Changpeng Zhao). "We are pleased to provide our support for Tokocrypto and
help grow the Indonesian crypto space together”.

Learn more about TKO in Binance Research’s in-depth
report:<https://research.binance.com/en/projects/tokocrypto>

195,061,316 users chose us. Find out why today.

Register Now

Like this post

###### Share Post

195,061,316 users chose us. Find out why today.

Register Now

### Community

[](https://discord.gg/jE4wt8g2H2)[](https://www.binance.com/en/community)[](https://www.tiktok.com/@binance?lang=en)[](https://www.facebook.com/binance)[](https://twitter.com/binance)[](https://www.reddit.com/r/binance)[](https://www.instagram.com/Binance/)[](https://coinmarketcap.com/exchanges/binance/)[](https://www.youtube.com/binanceyoutube)[](https://www.binance.com/en/community)

English

English

العربية

العربية (البحرين)

български

Čeština

Dansk

Deutsch (Schweiz)

Ελληνικά

English (UAE)

English (Australia)

English (Bahrain)

English (India)

English (Japan)

English (Kazakhstan)

English (Nigeria)

English (New Zealand)

English (South Africa)

Español (España)

Español (Argentina)

Español (Latinoamérica)

Español (México)

Français

Français (Afrique)

magyar nyelv

Bahasa Indonesia

Italiano

日本語

Қазақша (Қазақстан)

Қазақша

ລາວ

latviešu valoda

Polski

Português

Português (Brasil)

Română

Русский

Русский (Казахстан)

Русский (Украина)

සිංහල

Slovenčina

Slovenščina

Svenska

Türkçe

Українська

Tiếng Việt

简体中文

繁體中文

Theme

English

Theme

### About Us

  * [About](https://www.binance.com/en/about)
  * [Careers](https://www.binance.com/en/careers)
  * [Announcements](https://www.binance.com/en/support/announcement)
  * [News](https://www.binance.com/en/square/news/all)
  * [Press](https://www.binance.com/en/press)
  * [Legal](https://www.binance.com/en/legal/home)
  * [Terms](https://www.binance.com/en/terms)
  * [Privacy](https://www.binance.com/en/about-legal/privacy-portal)
  * [Building Trust](https://www.binance.com/en/land/building_trust)
  * [Blog](https://www.binance.com/en/blog)
  * [Community](https://www.binance.com/en/community)
  * [Sitemap](https://www.binance.com/en/country-region-selector)
  * [Risk Warning](https://www.binance.com/en/risk-warning)
  * [Notices](https://www.binance.com/en/support/list/notices)
  * [Downloads](https://www.binance.com/en/download)
  * [Desktop Application](https://www.binance.com/en/desktop-download)

### Products

  * [Exchange](https://www.binance.com/en/trade)
  * [Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/buy-sell-crypto)
  * [Leveraged Tokens](https://www.binance.com/en/leveraged-tokens/tokens/allTokens)
  * [TradingView](https://www.binance.com/en/land/tradingview)
  * [Pay](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/payment)
  * [Academy](https://academy.binance.com/en)
  * [Live](https://www.binance.com/en/live)
  * [Tax](https://www.binance.com/en/tax)
  * [Gift Card](https://www.binance.com/en/gift-card)
  * [Launchpad & Launchpool](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)
  * [Auto-Invest](https://www.binance.com/en/auto-invest)
  * [ETH Staking](https://www.binance.com/en/eth2)
  * [NFT](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/home)
  * [BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/bnb)
  * [BABT](https://www.binance.com/en/BABT?source=footer)
  * [Research](https://www.binance.com/en/research)
  * [Charity](https://www.binance.charity)

### Business

  * [P2P Merchant Application](https://c2c.binance.com/en/merchantApplication)
  * [P2Pro Merchant Application](https://p2p.binance.com/en/p2pro)
  * [Listing Application](https://www.binance.com/en/my/coin-apply)
  * [Institutional & VIP Services](https://www.binance.com/en/vip-institutional-services)
  * [Labs](https://labs.binance.com/)

### Learn

  * [Learn & Earn](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn)
  * [Browse Crypto Prices](https://www.binance.com/en/price)
  * [Bitcoin Price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/bitcoin)
  * [Ethereum Price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/ethereum)
  * [Browse Crypto Price Predictions](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction)
  * [Bitcoin Price Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction/bitcoin)
  * [Ethereum Price Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction/ethereum)
  * [Buy Bitcoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bitcoin)
  * [Buy BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bnb)
  * [Buy Ripple](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/xrp)
  * [Buy Dogecoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/dogecoin)
  * [Buy Ethereum](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/ethereum)
  * [Buy Tradable Altcoins](https://www.binance.com/en/altcoins/tradable)

### Service

  * [Affiliate](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/affiliate)
  * [Referral](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/referral?utm_source=Lite_web_footer)
  * [OTC Trading](https://www.binance.com/en/otc)
  * [Historical Market Data](https://www.binance.com/en/landing/data)
  * [Proof of Reserves](https://www.binance.com/en/proof-of-reserves)

### Support

  * [24/7 Chat Support](https://www.binance.com/en/chat?sourceEntry=4)
  * [Support Center](https://www.binance.com/en/support)
  * [Product Feedback & Suggestions](https://www.binance.com/en/my/user-support/feedback/entry)
  * [Fees](https://www.binance.com/en/fee/schedule)
  * [APIs](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-api)
  * [Binance Verify](https://www.binance.com/en/official-verification)
  * [Trading Rules](https://www.binance.com/en/trade-rule)
  * [Binance Airdrop Portal](https://www.binance.com/en/airdrop)
  * [Law Enforcement Requests](https://www.binance.com/en/support/law-enforcement)

Binance© 2024Cookie Preferences

