[](https://www.binance.com/en)

[Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/crypto/buy)

[Markets](https://www.binance.com/en/markets/overview)

Trade

Basic

  * [SpotBuy and sell on the Spot market with advanced tools](https://www.binance.com/en/trade/BTC_USDT?type=spot)
  * [MarginIncrease your profits with leverage](https://www.binance.com/en/trade?type=cross)
  * [P2PBuy & sell cryptocurrencies using bank transfer and 800+ options](https://p2p.binance.com/en)
  * [Convert & Block TradeThe easiest way to trade at all sizes](https://www.binance.com/en/convert)

Advanced

  * [Trading BotsTrade smarter with our various automated strategies - easy, fast and reliable](https://www.binance.com/en/trading-bots)
  * [Copy TradingFollow the most popular traders](https://www.binance.com/en/copy-trading)
  * [APIsUnlimited opportunities with one key](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-api)

[Futures](https://www.binance.com/en/futures/home)

  * [USDⓈ-M FuturesContracts settled in USDT and USDC](https://www.binance.com/en/futures)
  * [COIN-M FuturesContracts settled in cryptocurrency](https://www.binance.com/en/delivery)
  * [OptionsUSDT Options with limited downside and affordable entry](https://www.binance.com/en/eoptions)

[Earn](https://www.binance.com/en/earn)

[Square](https://www.binance.com/en/square)

  * [SquareStay informed with everything crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/square)
  * [Academy (Learn & Earn)Earn crypto by learning about blockchain](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn)
  * [BlogExpand your knowledge and get the latest insights](https://www.binance.com/en/blog)
  * [ResearchInstitutional-grade analysis, in-depth insights, and more](https://www.binance.com/en/research)

More

  * [VIP & InstitutionalYour trusted digital asset platform for VIPs and institutions](https://www.binance.com/en/vip-institutional-services)
  * [Launchpad & LaunchpoolDiscover and gain access to new token launches](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)
  * [MegadropLock your BNB and complete Web3 quests for boosted airdrop rewards](https://www.binance.com/en/megadrop)
  * [Mining PoolMine more rewards by connecting to the pool](https://pool.binance.com/en)
  * [PaySend, receive and spend crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/payment)
  * [LoansGet an instant loan secured by crypto assets](https://www.binance.com/en/loan)

  * [NFTExplore NFTs from creators worldwide](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/home)
  * [Fan TokenDiscover an all-new fandom and unlock unlimited fan experiences](https://www.binance.com/en/fan-token)
  * [Web3 WalletMeet the next-generation Web3 wallet](https://www.binance.com/en/web3wallet)
  * [BNB ChainThe most popular blockchain to build your own dApp](https://www.bnbchain.org)
  * [CharityBlockchain empowers charity to be more transparent, efficient, and traceable](https://www.binance.charity)

[Log
In](https://accounts.binance.com/en/login?loginChannel=blog&return_to=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYmluYW5jZS5jb20vZW4vYmxvZy9jb21tdW5pdHkvYmluYW5jZS1hZmZpbGlhdGUtY2FtcHVzLWNlbGVicmF0aW5nLWNyeXB0by1lZHVjYXRpb24tYW5kLWNvbW11bml0eS1jb25uZWN0aW9uLTEzMDUyMTQyMDY2MDc2MDEwNjQ%2FbGFuZz1lbg%3D%3D)[Sign
Up](https://accounts.binance.com/en/register?registerChannel=blog&return_to=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYmluYW5jZS5jb20vZW4vYmxvZy9jb21tdW5pdHkvYmluYW5jZS1hZmZpbGlhdGUtY2FtcHVzLWNlbGVicmF0aW5nLWNyeXB0by1lZHVjYXRpb24tYW5kLWNvbW11bml0eS1jb25uZWN0aW9uLTEzMDUyMTQyMDY2MDc2MDEwNjQ%2FbGFuZz1lbg%3D%3D)

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/images/common/logo.png)

Scan to Download App IOS & Android

[More Download
Options](https://www.binance.com/en/download?utm_source=&utm_campaign=)

##### [Binance Blog](/blog)

# Binance Affiliate Campus: Celebrating Crypto Education and Community
Connection

2024-04-25

## Main Takeaways

  * Binance’s affiliates play a pivotal role in our user-driven mission by championing support from their regional communities. As such, it is crucial for them to be equipped with the right tools to help shape the future of Web3.

  * To celebrate and empower our affiliates, we launched the Binance Affiliate Campus initiative. Each Campus offers a space where KOLs can refine their knowledge while bonding over shared passions for blockchain, crypto, and Web3 innovation, thus triggering a virtuous cycle where state-of-the-art Web3 knowledge trickles down to the wider community.

  * Through these Campus experiences, our affiliates are not only equipped with a deeper understanding of Binance’s ecosystem but also get the chance to engage with our leadership, providing constructive feedback and shaping the future of the organization.

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20240425/5c055930-e99f-4c14-a642-7765c7d21405)

As a global Web3 leader, community connection is essential to Binance’s
mission. A core part of our user focus lies in fostering our bond with the
community, which relationships with key opinion leaders (KOLs) help
facilitate. To nurture these connections, we created the [_Binance Affiliate
Program_](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/affiliate) , which rewards
members for amplifying our voice. With thousands of affiliates worldwide, the
program has been instrumental in aiding our growth and spreading Web3
knowledge for the benefit of the community.

Binance’s affiliates play a key role in nurturing the future of our ecosystem
and the entire Web3 space. As opinion leaders in the crypto community, they
use their expertise to share insights, drive conversation, and guide their
audiences. Given this prominence, it’s crucial that they are equipped with the
proper knowledge to advance our shared values. We want our affiliates to truly
understand and believe in us. To achieve this, we launched the Binance
Affiliate Campus initiative to celebrate community connection while empowering
crypto education.

## Binance Affiliate Campus

The Binance Affiliate Campus series celebrates our KOLs while honing their
expertise. Featuring comprehensive bootcamps in distinguished destinations
around the world, it blends work with play for an unforgettable learning
experience. At each location, top affiliates gather for multiple days of
training, networking, and fun, diving deeper into the latest innovations at
Binance and in the broader crypto industry. As our flagship Affiliates events,
Binance Campuses embody our drive to nurture community bonds. Through these
initiatives, we hope our affiliates feel valued and heard, as do their
audiences.

### The Campus experience

Each Binance Campus opens with a welcome dinner, greeting our guests amid the
warm buzz of excited chatter. As influencers in the Web3 community, Binance’s
affiliates share our deep passion for increasing financial freedom and
advancing blockchain-based technologies. Meeting others who share this
enthusiasm can be an empowering experience, as we see in the budding
friendships that emerge at each Campus.

After breakfast the next morning, our affiliates dive into their first
masterclass on Binance’s ecosystem of products and services. By learning how
to fully harness our products, they can better understand their value and
share it with their communities. The masterclass is also a learning
opportunity for us, as we hear in-depth feedback from some of our most engaged
users. After lunch, the rest of the day is leisurely spent in outdoor
activities and exploration before dinner.

Our final masterclass the following morning discusses best practices to
succeed as a KOL, equipping our affiliates with new tools to enhance their
messaging and reach. With a wider arsenal, we aim to enrich their careers in
Web3 and beyond. The masterclass also allows us to hear firsthand experiences
from leaders within the space, giving insight into prominent narratives among
the community.

After lunch and another afternoon of activities, the Campus closes with a
farewell dinner party and awards ceremony, celebrating the growth our
affiliates achieved throughout their stay. Having gained a deeper
understanding of Web3 and a refined communication strategy, they are ready to
excel even further in their KOL journeys. We also gain valuable feedback and
insights, helping our mission of serving users. Each Binance Campus thus
serves as a mutual exchange of knowledge, skills, and connections, emphasizing
the power of communal learning.

We have hosted five Binance Affiliate Campuses so far. Let’s see what went
down at each.

## Campus 1: Vietnam

As the sun rose on that tranquil day in late March 2023, we began a new
chapter with the first Binance Campus in Phu Quoc, Vietnam. Settling into the
calm ambience of Premier Village Resort, 75 affiliates gathered from different
corners of the Asia-Pacific region. The next few days of learning and island
adventures were a refreshing community experience. As one affiliate shared, “I
saw some products in a different way. I also learned how strong the company
and its followers are and why Binance is the best company in the industry.”

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20240425/670908f1-0ccc-4560-acf3-f04433b3cf28)

On the last day of the Campus, a challenge was set: a treasure hunt combining
discovery with learning. Affiliates used their lessons from the masterclasses
and the bonds they had formed to compete for the main prize.

By providing the opportunity for our affiliates to see the faces behind
Binance and get to know one another, the first Binance Campus event fostered
stronger bonds with our regional communities.

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20240425/a9d031d7-dfca-40a9-99ae-3d4318e30662)

[__Check out our video recap of the
event!__](https://twitter.com/binance/status/1641864145568948237)

##  Campus 2: Dominican Republic

In August 2023, the second Binance Affiliate Campus took place in the
Caribbean oasis of Sosúa, Dominican Republic. With the stunning backdrop of
The Ocean Club, Costa Norte, we welcomed more than 50 affiliates from across
Latin America. Each day blended business and play, with our daily
masterclasses followed by pool parties to have some fun in the sun. Over
dinner, affiliates gained the opportunity to interact with key figures from
Binance’s leadership.

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20240425/acbff044-21fa-47d2-b627-fac1907e5fe6)

The Campus had been a space for new encounters and communal learning, with new
bonds forming each day. As one affiliate put it, they appreciated the
opportunity to “learn about Binance in depth, see the kindness of the team,
and above all, meet other great content creators in the same niche.”

[ __Check out our video recap of the
event!__](https://x.com/binance/status/1698788186955088266?s=20)

##  Campus 3: Spain

In October 2023, our third Binance Affiliate Campus commenced in the beauty of
Ibiza, Spain. As the sun set on the island, just under 60 affiliates from all
over Europe checked into the serene 7Pines Resort. Over the next few days, we
blended learning with leisure, soaking in the sun with pool parties,
barbecues, and island exploration after class. With lessons learned and
memories made, we looked forward to our continued journey of creating
impactful community experiences.

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20240425/921310d7-1fdc-4c9f-9d14-013ec7b8933e)

[__Check out our video recap of the
event!__](https://twitter.com/binance/status/1711324602306035952?s=20)

##  Campus 4: Maldives

As 2023 neared its end, our fourth Binance Affiliate Campus lit up the
stunning city of Malé, Maldives. In mid-December, a spirited group of almost
80 affiliates from across Asia joined us at the idyllic SAii Lagoon Resort
Maldives. Beyond the usual routine of masterclasses on the crypto ecosystem,
pool parties against the Maldivian sunset, and lively barbecue dinners, a
special feature of this Campus was a virtual visit by Binance Co-Founder Yi
He, who spoke with our affiliates and led an exclusive AMA.

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20240425/44ea1bb6-52da-412b-a4a3-a220f0d5d93a)

The chance to interact with Yi offered a fresh glimpse into Binance’s
leadership and underlying ethos, a revelation appreciated by many affiliates.
The affiliates praised the team’s patient and attentive approach, with one
sharing that the staff was “very considerate, treating customers with care
like family members!” Inspired by a successful year of Binance Affiliate
Campuses, we eagerly began crafting plans for our next enriching event in
2024.

[__Check out our video recap of the
event!__](https://twitter.com/binance/status/1739526454981857445?s=20)

##  Campus 5: Seychelles

As the new year dawned, our fifth Binance Affiliate Campus came alive in Mahe,
Seychelles. In January’s embrace, almost 60 affiliates from the Middle East,
North Africa, and South Asia gathered at the esteemed Kempinski Resort. A
familiar routine ensued: masterclasses followed by pool parties, delicious
food, and discussions with Binance leadership. A particular highlight here was
the presence of Binance Chief Marketing Officer [_Rachel
Conlan_](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/leadership/binance-announces-rachel-
conlan-as-chief-marketing-officer-3151244541602122461) throughout the Campus.
Her approachability and insights offered our affiliates a multi-dimensional
understanding of the forces steering Binance’s journey.

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20240425/8ea0becf-f7a4-4cf3-8eaa-c1e7a15eab63)

One affiliate aptly summed up, “Though it was my first Binance Campus, it felt
like my third or fourth because of the atmosphere and team.” As the event
concluded, many affiliates echoed the sentiment that it was the “best event”
they had ever attended, appreciating the deepened knowledge and community
engagement.

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20240425/a07b2596-a073-4ccf-b7b7-0d4f910d5e5b)

[__Check out our video recap of the
event!__](https://twitter.com/binance/status/1755877048734671056)

##  Building Synergies

The Binance Affiliate Campus initiative has established itself as a powerful
platform for community growth. Harnessing a shared passion for Web3
innovation, these events cultivate an environment where affiliates can polish
their skills and create meaningful relationships with fellow influencers. This
combination of learning and relationship-building helps shape Binance’s
continued evolution through KOL’s constructive feedback and community
insights.

### Become an affiliate

At Binance, we value co-growth, a concept embodied by our affiliate program.
For all those excited by the prospect of such collaboration, we invite you to
join our [_Binance Affiliate
Program_](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/affiliate). You might just find
yourself at one of our future Binance Campuses or other immersive
opportunities. As we continue this journey hand-in-hand with our affiliates,
we anticipate many more successful events brimming with knowledge exchange and
potential. Here's to a shared journey into the future of blockchain, crypto,
and Web3!

## Further Reading

  * [ _Join the Binance Affiliate Program_](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/community/join-the-binance-affiliate-program-376015737666441216)

  * [ _Binance Affiliate Program Starter Guide_](https://www.binance.com/en/support/faq/binance-affiliates-program-starter-guide-7b6bc47af00b416b80e20368204dca87)

  * [ _Binance Angels Share Their Summer Adventures_](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/community/binance-angels-share-their-summer-adventures-1391630555305415580)

195,058,774 users chose us. Find out why today.

Register Now

Like this post

###### Share Post

Article Outlines

Binance Affiliate Campus: Celebrating Crypto Education and Community
Connection

Main Takeaways

Binance Affiliate Campus

Campus 1: Vietnam

Campus 2: Dominican Republic

Campus 3: Spain

Campus 4: Maldives

Campus 5: Seychelles

Building Synergies

Further Reading

195,058,774 users chose us. Find out why today.

Register Now

### Community

[](https://discord.gg/jE4wt8g2H2)[](https://www.binance.com/en/community)[](https://www.tiktok.com/@binance?lang=en)[](https://www.facebook.com/binance)[](https://twitter.com/binance)[](https://www.reddit.com/r/binance)[](https://www.instagram.com/Binance/)[](https://coinmarketcap.com/exchanges/binance/)[](https://www.youtube.com/binanceyoutube)[](https://www.binance.com/en/community)

English

English

العربية

العربية (البحرين)

български

Čeština

Dansk

Deutsch (Schweiz)

Ελληνικά

English (UAE)

English (Australia)

English (Bahrain)

English (India)

English (Japan)

English (Kazakhstan)

English (Nigeria)

English (New Zealand)

English (South Africa)

Español (España)

Español (Argentina)

Español (Latinoamérica)

Español (México)

Français

Français (Afrique)

magyar nyelv

Bahasa Indonesia

Italiano

日本語

Қазақша (Қазақстан)

Қазақша

ລາວ

latviešu valoda

Polski

Português

Português (Brasil)

Română

Русский

Русский (Казахстан)

Русский (Украина)

සිංහල

Slovenčina

Slovenščina

Svenska

Türkçe

Українська

Tiếng Việt

简体中文

繁體中文

USD-$

USD-$

AED-د.إ

ARS-ARS$

AUD-A$

BDT-৳

BGN-лв

BHD-.د.ب

BOB-$b

BRL-R$

CAD-C$

CHF-CHF

CNY-¥

COP-COL$

CZK-Kč

DKK-KR

EGP-E£

EUR-€

GBP-£

HKD-HKD

HRK-kn

HUF-Ft

IDR-Rp

INR-₹

JPY-¥

KES-KSh

KWD-ك.د

KZT-₸

MAD-م.د.

MNT-₮

MXN-Mex$

NZD-NZ$

OMR-ر.ع.

PEN-S/.

PHP-₱

PKR-₨

PLN-zł

QAR-ر.ق

RON-lei

RUB-₽

SAR-ر.س

SEK-kr

THB-฿

TRY-₺

TWD-NT$

UAH-₴

UGX-USh

VES-Bs

VND-₫

ZAR-R

Theme

English

USD

Theme

### About Us

  * [About](https://www.binance.com/en/about)
  * [Careers](https://www.binance.com/en/careers)
  * [Announcements](https://www.binance.com/en/support/announcement)
  * [News](https://www.binance.com/en/square/news/all)
  * [Press](https://www.binance.com/en/press)
  * [Legal](https://www.binance.com/en/legal/home)
  * [Terms](https://www.binance.com/en/terms)
  * [Privacy](https://www.binance.com/en/about-legal/privacy-portal)
  * [Building Trust](https://www.binance.com/en/land/building_trust)
  * [Blog](https://www.binance.com/en/blog)
  * [Community](https://www.binance.com/en/community)
  * [Sitemap](https://www.binance.com/en/country-region-selector)
  * [Risk Warning](https://www.binance.com/en/risk-warning)
  * [Notices](https://www.binance.com/en/support/list/notices)
  * [Downloads](https://www.binance.com/en/download)
  * [Desktop Application](https://www.binance.com/en/desktop-download)

### Products

  * [Exchange](https://www.binance.com/en/trade)
  * [Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/buy-sell-crypto)
  * [Leveraged Tokens](https://www.binance.com/en/leveraged-tokens/tokens/allTokens)
  * [TradingView](https://www.binance.com/en/land/tradingview)
  * [Pay](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/payment)
  * [Academy](https://academy.binance.com/en)
  * [Live](https://www.binance.com/en/live)
  * [Tax](https://www.binance.com/en/tax)
  * [Gift Card](https://www.binance.com/en/gift-card)
  * [Launchpad & Launchpool](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)
  * [Auto-Invest](https://www.binance.com/en/auto-invest)
  * [ETH Staking](https://www.binance.com/en/eth2)
  * [NFT](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/home)
  * [BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/bnb)
  * [BABT](https://www.binance.com/en/BABT?source=footer)
  * [Research](https://www.binance.com/en/research)
  * [Charity](https://www.binance.charity)

### Business

  * [P2P Merchant Application](https://c2c.binance.com/en/merchantApplication)
  * [P2Pro Merchant Application](https://p2p.binance.com/en/p2pro)
  * [Listing Application](https://www.binance.com/en/my/coin-apply)
  * [Institutional & VIP Services](https://www.binance.com/en/vip-institutional-services)
  * [Labs](https://labs.binance.com/)

### Learn

  * [Learn & Earn](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn)
  * [Browse Crypto Prices](https://www.binance.com/en/price)
  * [Bitcoin Price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/bitcoin)
  * [Ethereum Price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/ethereum)
  * [Browse Crypto Price Predictions](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction)
  * [Bitcoin Price Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction/bitcoin)
  * [Ethereum Price Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction/ethereum)
  * [Buy Bitcoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bitcoin)
  * [Buy BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bnb)
  * [Buy Ripple](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/xrp)
  * [Buy Dogecoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/dogecoin)
  * [Buy Ethereum](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/ethereum)
  * [Buy Tradable Altcoins](https://www.binance.com/en/altcoins/tradable)

### Service

  * [Affiliate](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/affiliate)
  * [Referral](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/referral?utm_source=Lite_web_footer)
  * [OTC Trading](https://www.binance.com/en/otc)
  * [Historical Market Data](https://www.binance.com/en/landing/data)
  * [Proof of Reserves](https://www.binance.com/en/proof-of-reserves)

### Support

  * [24/7 Chat Support](https://www.binance.com/en/chat?sourceEntry=4)
  * [Support Center](https://www.binance.com/en/support)
  * [Product Feedback & Suggestions](https://www.binance.com/en/my/user-support/feedback/entry)
  * [Fees](https://www.binance.com/en/fee/schedule)
  * [APIs](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-api)
  * [Binance Verify](https://www.binance.com/en/official-verification)
  * [Trading Rules](https://www.binance.com/en/trade-rule)
  * [Binance Airdrop Portal](https://www.binance.com/en/airdrop)
  * [Law Enforcement Requests](https://www.binance.com/en/support/law-enforcement)

Binance© 2024Cookie Preferences

We use "Strictly Necessary" cookies to keep our site reliable and secure. We’d
like to set additional cookies to understand site usage, make site
improvements, to remember your settings and to assist in our marketing
efforts.

Manage Cookies Reject Additional Cookies Accept Cookies & Continue

![Company Logo](https://cdn.cookielaw.org/logos/99f99939-5a0d-4feb-
aef3-ba45f16b6907/5bfb9945-c83c-46f9-8bd7-55e8fd1975b5/02e50907-93f6-477d-a8a2-d581dace49c2/binance-h.png)

## Privacy Preference Center

We use cookies to collect data which improves your experience while you
navigate through the website. Because we respect your right to privacy, you
can choose not to allow some types of cookies. The information does not
usually directly identify you but it might be about you, your preferences or
your device and is mostly used to improve the site making the site work as you
expect it to whilst giving you a personalised experience. Of course, we do all
this with your consent and in complete transparency. The cookies that are
categorized as "Strictly Necessary" are on by default and are stored on your
browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities and
security of the website. You can choose to enable or disable some or all of
the additional cookies if they are present, but disabling some of them may
affect your browsing experience.  
[Cookie Policy](https://www.binance.com/en/cookie-privacy)

Allow All

###  Manage Consent Preferences

#### Strictly Necessary Cookies

Always Active

These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched
off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by
you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy
preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block
or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then
work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.

Cookies Details‎

#### Functional Cookies

Functional Cookies

These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and
personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose
services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then
some or all of these services may not function properly.

Cookies Details‎

#### Targeting Cookies

Targeting Cookies

Targeting cookies may be set through our site by ourselves and our advertising
partners. First parties and third parties will use them to build a profile of
your interests based on the browsing information they collect from you, which
includes uniquely identifying your browser and terminal equipment. If you do
not allow these cookies you will still see basic advertising on your browser
that is generic and not based on your interests

Cookies Details‎

#### Performance Cookies

Performance Cookies

These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure
and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are
the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All
information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If
you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our
site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.

Cookies Details‎

Back Button

### Cookie List

Search Icon

Filter Icon

Clear

checkbox label label

Apply Cancel

Consent Leg.Interest

checkbox label label

checkbox label label

checkbox label label

Reject Additional Cookies Confirm My Choices

[![Powered by
Onetrust](https://cdn.cookielaw.org/logos/static/powered_by_logo.svg)](https://www.onetrust.com/products/cookie-
consent/)

