[![Untitled UI logomark](https://assets-global.website-
files.com/65298be98463cc3a8a0d7d4a/65580f0610fc4a00597b272c_Symbol.svg)![Untitled
UI logotext](https://assets-global.website-
files.com/65298be98463cc3a8a0d7d4a/6536bc3a9c3fa5553856743e_Text.svg)](/)

[Hocme](/)

Resources

![](https://assets-global.website-
files.com/65298be98463cc3a8a0d7d4a/6538630780fee071fdeb7623_Chevron.svg)

[![](https://assets-global.website-
files.com/65298be98463cc3a8a0d7d4a/65484e4df4d90d724e63ca73_play.svg)Video
tutorialsWatch and learn about GOOSEFX with guided
walkthroughs.](https://www.youtube.com/@GooseFX1)[![](https://assets-
global.website-
files.com/65298be98463cc3a8a0d7d4a/65484e5a2efa4dbb07442597_Blog%20filled.svg)DocumentationLearn
about GOOSEFX and how we work in-
depth.](https://docs.goosefx.io/)[![](https://assets-global.website-
files.com/65298be98463cc3a8a0d7d4a/65484e65a6c2f6a8f371a54a_help-
square.svg)Help and supportLearn, fix a problem, and get answers to your
questions.](https://discord.com/channels/833693973687173121/833725691983822918)[![](https://assets-
global.website-
files.com/65298be98463cc3a8a0d7d4a/65ef451707398afc17f7f067_Media%20Kit.svg)Media
KitBrand and assets, including our logo, content and trademarks.](/media-kit)

Socials

![](https://assets-global.website-
files.com/65298be98463cc3a8a0d7d4a/6538630780fee071fdeb7623_Chevron.svg)

[![](https://assets-global.website-
files.com/65298be98463cc3a8a0d7d4a/66353903e9d959a1657ff1ff_Socials%3DX%2C%20Theme%3DDarkmode%2C%20State%3DHover.svg)Twitter](https://twitter.com/GooseFX1)[![](https://assets-
global.website-
files.com/65298be98463cc3a8a0d7d4a/6635396d991ca3d93e8e3f29_Socials%3DDiscord%2C%20Theme%3DDarkmode%2C%20State%3DHover.svg)Discord](https://discord.com/invite/cDEPXpY26q)[![](https://assets-
global.website-
files.com/65298be98463cc3a8a0d7d4a/6635398c12a7e55d73617b47_Socials%3DTelegram%2C%20Theme%3DDarkmode%2C%20State%3DHover.svg)Telegram](https://t.me/goosefx)

[Launch App](https://app.goosefx.io/farm)

[Launch App](https://app.goosefx.io/farm)

![](https://assets-global.website-
files.com/65298be98463cc3a8a0d7d4a/653860022fec2c9c648155a8_Hamburger.svg)

[ Home](/)

4 min read

# GooseFX Tokenomics

![](https://assets-global.website-
files.com/65524f1894a7538fd4c31e4d/6580b9b3c1c26e6290b1f6a0_Tokenomics.svg)

Published on

December 19, 2023

**Introduction:**

In our previous [blog](https://www.blog.goosefx.io/what-is-goosefx/), we took
a look at what GooseFX is and what weâve been building for the past few
years and our future plans. In this blog, weâll be taking a dive into our
tokenomics designed to provide maximum value to our users and stakers!

So without further ado, letâs get started!  

**Current Token Allocation breakdown**

![](https://assets-global.website-
files.com/65524f1894a7538fd4c31e4d/6580bbf27d6dc896d7ffab04_Tokenomics-1.svg)

â

\- Early adopters are the backbone of any successful DeFi platform. We
allocated 1% or 7 Million of our token supply to reward our alpha/beta testers
and those whoâve supported us in our journey from the start. We also
utilized these tokens for our bug bounty competitions in the past.

\- 20% or 140 Million of the total supply has been vested for teams with 1
Year lockup and a 3 year vesting period starting from November 2022 and
lasting till November 2025. Along this, 3% or 21 Million tokens have been
provided to our advisors with the same lockup and vesting period starting from
November 2022 as well.

\- 25% or 175 Million tokens have gone towards partnerships with other
protocols and market expansions. 5% of these tokens were unlocked every
quarter starting from November 2021.

\- 0.5% of the total supply has gone towards our IDO and providing liquidity
across GOFX markets on various exchanges.

\- 10.5% of the total supply has also gone to our beloved Seed Investors who
have supported us throughout our journey. 15% of this allocation was unlocked
at TGE or token generation event while the remaining 85% was under a 3 month
lockup and 18 months vesting contract and are fully unlocked as of December
2023.

\- Finally, 30% is left for Reserve and will be utilized for various purposes
such as providing liquidity on DEXs etc. These are under a 2 year lockup with
10% quarterly unlocks beginning on January 1st, 2024.

_> >Currently, the circulating supply is 284,000,000 GOFX tokens. For real
time current circulating supply, check out _[_GooseFX Circulating Supply
API_](https://api-services.goosefx.io/circulating-supply) _._

â

**How GOFX powers your DeFi destination**

This is where GOFX comes into play. In this section, weâll be taking a look
at how our focus is on giving back to the community takes shape diving into
staking, buyback and burn and much more!

Starting with staking, fees generated across all our platforms are split with
GOFX stakers who earn rewards in USDC daily. 50% of our Perps DEX fees and
7.5% of our SSL fees goes directly to our GOFX stakers.

To stake your GOFX tokens, visit [GooseFX](http://app.goosefx.io/trade) and
click on the Rewards section in the top right corner of your screen.

â

![](https://assets-global.website-
files.com/65524f1894a7538fd4c31e4d/6580ba28d0128f1e70fff454_GooseFX-SSL-
Revenue2-1.jpg)

â

>>If you arenât aware, weâve decided to sunset our NFT Aggregator and move
ahead with our DeFi vision going forward!
<https://x.com/GooseFX1/status/1730671927671615722?s=20>

Weâve also added a 7-Day active cooldown period whenever a user un-stakes
their tokens to protect our users from dilution of their rewards by any bigger
entity and add an instant selling pressure.

The second part of our equation is Buyback and burn. 10% of the fees generated
from our SSL pools is used for this program. All our buyback and burns occur
every hour and can be tracked via a [buyback and
burn](https://twitter.com/GOFX_Burn) twitter page.

The third and final part is our Marketing revenue. 2.5% of the fees generated
from our SSL pools go to our marketing treasury. This treasury will be used to
further expand partnerships with other Solana protocols and also prize
competitions for our users.

>>If you are trading on our Perps DEX, you might be in for a surprise ð
<https://x.com/GooseFX1/status/1734170391436804593?s=20>

â

**Future Developments and ending thoughts**

We are constantly working on new features and improvements and if need be will
update our tokenomics to incentivize our community further. One such recent
change was increasing the percentage of fees going to our [Buyback and
burn](https://x.com/GooseFX1/status/1729218230772777084?s=20) program while
decreasing the fees going towards marketing treasury. Weâre also working
towards setting up an insurance fund to help protect our users at all costs
and will be dividing a portion of the fees from our SSL pools into increasing
the fund.

â _> >Stay tuned to our _[_twitter_](https://twitter.com/GooseFX1) _for
that_

Ultimately, our end goal is towards sustainability and community building and
our tokenomics serve as a perfect example of our goal. Till then, try out our
Perps DEX and SSL Pools and let us know what you think!

â

### **Stay Tuned
with**[**#GooseAcademy**](https://twitter.com/hashtag/GooseGang?src=hashtag_click&ref=blog.goosefx.io)

[**Website**](https://www.goosefx.io/?ref=blog.goosefx.io)**|**[**Twitter**](https://twitter.com/GooseFX1?ref=blog.goosefx.io)**|**[**Telegram**](https://t.me/goosefx?ref=blog.goosefx.io)**|**[**Discord**](https://discord.gg/cDEPXpY26q?ref=blog.goosefx.io)**|**[**Docs**](https://docs.goosefx.io/?ref=blog.goosefx.io)

 _Disclaimer: The statements, proposals, and details above are informational
only, and subject to change. We are in early-stage development and may need to
change dates, details, or the project as a whole based on the protocol, team,
legal or regulatory needs, or due to developments of Solana/Serum. Nothing
above should be construed as financial, legal, or investment advice._

