This website uses cookies to offer you a better browsing experience. Find out
more on how we use cookies.

Opt-out[Details](/privacy-policy#collection-of-information)

Accept

[![Solana](/_next/static/media/logotype.e4df684f.svg)](/)

  * Learn
  * Developers
  * Solutions
  * Network
  * Community

Search```K`

[Home](/validated)[Episodes](/validated/episodes)

[](https://feeds.simplecast.com/W1NI2v3Z)[](/twitter)

![](/_next/image?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Fsolana-podcast-
logo.0870e267.jpeg&w=384&q=75)

# How Pyth Is Changing the Oracle Game w/ Jayant Krishnamurthy

September 19th, 2023 | 51:31

[Recast](https://recast.simplecast.com/7907326d-6b67-4a8e-a2a4-dcc2bbf23f3e)Subscribe[Download
MP3](https://chrt.fm/track/4G278/afp-12483-injected.calisto.simplecastaudio.com/a435e7a5-29da-42fc-
afa3-cc9a8c9c3aef/episodes/7907326d-6b67-4a8e-a2a4-dcc2bbf23f3e/audio/128/default.mp3?awCollectionId=a435e7a5-29da-42fc-
afa3-cc9a8c9c3aef&awEpisodeId=7907326d-6b67-4a8e-a2a4-dcc2bbf23f3e)

## Episode Summary

Oracles are an essential part of how real-world data gets integrated into DeFi
smart contracts, but historically, that process has been fraught with
challenges. In this episode, Jayant Krishnamurthy (Duoro Labs) explains how
Pyth is addressing these challenges and redefining how a blockchain oracle can
work. Originally built on Solana’s L1, Pyth is a low-latency, high-frequency
oracle that has expanded beyond the Solana ecosystem and now provides data
feeds for over 30 blockchains. The way it does this is through Pythnet – the
first network to deploy the Solana codebase for an application specific
blockchain.

## Episode Notes

Oracles are an essential part of how real-world data gets integrated into DeFi
smart contracts, but historically, that process has been fraught with
challenges. In this episode, Jayant Krishnamurthy (Duoro Labs) explains how
Pyth is addressing these challenges and redefining how a blockchain oracle can
work. Originally built on Solana’s L1, Pyth is a low-latency, high-frequency
oracle that has expanded beyond the Solana ecosystem and now provides data
feeds for over 30 blockchains. The way it does this is through Pythnet – the
first network to deploy the Solana codebase for an application specific
blockchain.  


  
DISCLAIMER The content herein is provided for educational, informational, and
entertainment purposes only, and does not constitute an offer to sell or a
solicitation of an offer to buy any securities, options, futures, or other
derivatives related to securities in any jurisdiction, nor should not be
relied upon as advice to buy, sell or hold any of the foregoing. This content
is intended to be general in nature and is not specific to you, the user or
anyone else. You should not make any decision, financial, investment, trading
or otherwise, based on any of the information presented without undertaking
independent due diligence and consultation with a professional advisor. Solana
Foundation Foundation and its agents, advisors, council members, officers and
employees (the “Foundation Parties”) make no representation or warranties,
expressed or implied, as to the accuracy of the information herein and
expressly disclaims any and all liability that may be based on such
information or any errors or omissions therein. The Foundation Parties shall
have no liability whatsoever, under contract, tort, trust or otherwise, to any
person arising from or related to the content or any use of the information
contained herein by you or any of your representatives. All opinions expressed
herein are the speakers’ own personal opinions and do not reflect the opinions
of any entities.

Show ContributorsJayant Krishnamurthy

![](data:image/svg+xml,%3csvg%20xmlns=%27http://www.w3.org/2000/svg%27%20version=%271.1%27%20width=%27640%27%20height=%27640%27/%3e)![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIAAAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAAALAAAAAABAAEAAAIBRAA7)![](/_next/image?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Fsolana-
podcast-logo.0870e267.jpeg&w=1920&q=75)

Managed by

[](/)

[](/youtube)[](/twitter)[](/discord)[](/reddit)[](/github)[](/telegram)

© 2024 Solana Foundation. All rights reserved.

Solana

  * [Grants](https://solana.org/grants)
  * [Break Solana](https://break.solana.com/)
  * [Media Kit](/branding)
  * [Careers](https://jobs.solana.com/)
  * [Disclaimer](/tos)
  * [Privacy Policy](/privacy-policy)

Get Connected

  * [Ecosystem](/ecosystem)
  * [Blog](/news)
  * [Newsletter](/newsletter)

en

© 2024 Solana Foundation. All rights reserved.

![](https://t.co/1/i/adsct?bci=4&eci=3&event=%7B%7D&event_id=7a881e6c-33be-45a2-8e4e-82f689badb79&integration=gtm&p_id=Twitter&p_user_id=0&pl_id=4fa0a6f9-fd5c-4a63-9d5e-7caf930f872f&tw_document_href=https%3A%2F%2Fsolana.com%2Fvalidated%2Fepisodes%2Fhow-
pyth-is-changing-the-oracle-game-w-jayant-
krishnamurthy&tw_iframe_status=0&txn_id=o6jgu&type=javascript&version=2.3.30)![](https://analytics.twitter.com/1/i/adsct?bci=4&eci=3&event=%7B%7D&event_id=7a881e6c-33be-45a2-8e4e-82f689badb79&integration=gtm&p_id=Twitter&p_user_id=0&pl_id=4fa0a6f9-fd5c-4a63-9d5e-7caf930f872f&tw_document_href=https%3A%2F%2Fsolana.com%2Fvalidated%2Fepisodes%2Fhow-
pyth-is-changing-the-oracle-game-w-jayant-
krishnamurthy&tw_iframe_status=0&txn_id=o6jgu&type=javascript&version=2.3.30)

