[![Logo](https://docs.hubbleprotocol.io/~gitbook/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fdocs.hubbleprotocol.io%2F%7Egitbook%2Ficon%3Fsize%3Dmedium%26theme%3Dlight&width=32&dpr=4&quality=100&sign=82cd43839736fe6228e864a666be2e35846d36ce9d352385b422c3fd1eb00a55)![Logo](https://docs.hubbleprotocol.io/~gitbook/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fdocs.hubbleprotocol.io%2F%7Egitbook%2Ficon%3Fsize%3Dmedium%26theme%3Ddark&width=32&dpr=4&quality=100&sign=8a42da211c6f216dac48c9e892f592f86e37507e1cdf354abdbc3bda2439de0c)Hubble
Protocol - Official Documentation](/)

English ðŸ‡ºðŸ‡¸/ðŸ‡¬ðŸ‡§

[English ðŸ‡ºðŸ‡¸/ðŸ‡¬ðŸ‡§](https://docs.hubbleprotocol.io/)

[ Use Hubble
Protocol](https://app.hubbleprotocol.io/?utm_source=Docs&utm_medium=Website&utm_campaign=Documentation_Recurring)[
Join the Discord](https://discord.gg/7vv3WM8TQn)[
Twitter](https://twitter.com/hubbleprotocol)[
Blog](https://blog.hubbleprotocol.io/?utm_source=Docs&utm_medium=Website&utm_campaign=Documentation_Recurring)

SearchCtrl \+ K

  * [Overview](/)

  * [Why Use Hubble?](/why-use-hubble)

  * FAQ

    * [General](/faq/general)

    * [USDH Stablecoin](/faq/usdh-stablecoin)

      * [Acquire USDH](/faq/usdh-stablecoin/acquire-usdh)

      * [Use USDH](/faq/usdh-stablecoin/use-usdh)

    * [Borrowing](/faq/borrowing)

      * [Borrowing Fees](/faq/borrowing/borrowing-fees)

      * [Collateral](/faq/borrowing/collateral)

      * [Collateral Yield](/faq/borrowing/collateral-yield)

      * [Loan Auto-close](/faq/borrowing/loan-auto-close)

    * [Stability Vault](/faq/usdh-vault)

      * [Stability Vault Liquidations](/faq/usdh-vault/stability-vault-liquidations)

      * [Stability Vault Model Liquidation](/faq/usdh-vault/usdh-vault-model-liquidation)

      * [Hubble Native Yield](/faq/usdh-vault/hubble-native-yield)

    * [USDH Peg Stability](/faq/usdh-peg-stability)

      * [Peg Stability Module](/faq/usdh-peg-stability/peg-stability-module)

      * [Stability Fees](/faq/usdh-peg-stability/stability-fees)

    * [Liquidations](/faq/liquidations)

      * [Hybrid Liquidation Model](/faq/liquidations/hybrid-liquidation-model)

      * [Liquidation Example](/faq/liquidations/liquidation-example)

      * [Redistribution](/faq/liquidations/redistribution)

    * [Security](/faq/security)

      * [Security Practices](/faq/security/security-practices)

      * [Security Audits](/faq/security/security-audits)

      * [Bug Bounty Program](/faq/security/bug-bounty-program)

    * [Risks](/faq/risks)

    * [Governance](/faq/governance)

    * [Mobile App](/faq/mobile-app)

    * [Hubble SDK](/faq/hubble-sdk)

    * [More About Hubble](/faq/more-about-hubble)

  * Resources

    * [Litepaper](/resources/litepaper)

    * [Technical Resources](/resources/technical-resources)

    * [Community Resources](/resources/community-resources)

[Powered by
GitBook](https://www.gitbook.com/?utm_source=content&utm_medium=trademark&utm_campaign=yIf1jDNBmx2V2K9HSZqb)

# Overview

###

**Make your crypto work for you with Hubble Protocol.**

Hubble is a decentralized finance (DeFi) protocol built on Solana. Hubble's
core product is USDH, a decentralized stablecoin that can be borrowed against
your crypto assets.

Users can deposit multiple crypto assets like SOL, ETH, and kTokens to borrow
USDH. In turn, USDH can be used to serve various purposes across Solana DeFi.

Hubble will offer multiple USDH borrowing vaults, with various asset
combinations and vault-specific parameters such as [Stability Fees](/faq/usdh-
peg-stability/stability-fees) and Deposit Caps. USDH borrows are guaranteed by
a combination of Hubble's [USDH Vault](/faq/usdh-vault) (Stability Vault), and
bots that facilitate market-based liquidations.

The USDH that users deposit into the USDH Vault is used to pay off bad loans,
while depositors earn a net positive ~10% difference in liquidated assets.

In the coming phases of development, the protocol will launch various products
and services to bring further utility to the platform, and USDH itself.

####

Borrowing made easy, cheap, and attractive

SOL, BTC, ETH, etc. holders, motivated to keep the upside to their portfolio,
can deposit their assets and borrow USDH to use it across various protocols on
Solana. While a user's loan is active, their assets retain full exposure to
the market. Upon paying back their debt, users will regain access to their
collateral. If the value of their collateral increased while it was deposited,
they receive that entire value back upon repaying their debt.

Loans have no fixed maturity, so debt owners can pay back their debt whenever
they wish.

####

Earning yield on collateral

In addition to keeping the upside on collateral, users can earn yield on their
deposits. At present, this is facilitated by Hubble's onboarding of yield-
bearing collateral. Hubble currently accepts
[mSOL](https://marinade.finance/app/staking/),
[stSOL](https://solana.lido.fi/) and [daoSOL](https://daopool.monkedao.io/) as
collateral, with numerous other yield-bearing assets being onboarded
imminently.

In the future, users will be able to opt-in to have their collateral allocated
to partner protocols to earn yield. Users will have the freedom to choose from
multiple yield-earning strategies.

__[_Jump to Collateral Yield Section_](/faq/borrowing/collateral-yield) __

####

Governance for the benefit of the community

Decentralized governance, in order to be meaningful, needs to allow the most
active participants in the community to have an effective voice. To
incentivize participation we are combining features of existing models that we
find work best, especially:

  * General directive proposals where development work from the core team is dictated by the community, once a quarter.

  * Group proposals where the community can unite to make a proposal even if individual voters wouldnâ€™t have enough voting tokens.

If you still have questions after browsing our FAQs and documentation â€” [join
our Discord](https://discord.gg/C4jzzFfVRZ)!

[NextWhy Use Hubble?](/why-use-hubble)

Last updated 1 year ago

On this page

