Metaco.com will be sunset as of June 7, 2024

[Learn more](https://ripple.com/solutions/digital-asset-custody/ "Learn more")

Skip to main content

[![Metaco](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/logo.svg?x88149)![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/logo-w.svg?x88149)](https://www.metaco.com)

  * Solutions __

__Solutions

Solutions

    * [__Global Custodians Build tomorrow's market infrastructure ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/global-custodians-top-tier-banks/)
    * [__Universal Banks Satisfy demand for new asset classes ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/universal-banks/)
    * [__Neobanks & FintechsFind new routes to monetization ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/neobanks-fintechs/)
    * [__Regulated Exchanges Grow volumes and profit margins ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/regulated-exchanges/)
    * [__Corporates Boost customer loyalty and engagement ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/corporates/)

  * Platform __

__Platform

Platform

Deploy ambitious digital asset use cases with the most secure and versatile
infrastructure.

    * [__Harmonize™ Platform Overview Issue, store, trade, transfer, settle and service any type of digital asset. ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/harmonize/)
    * [__Custody Hot, warm and institutional cold storage ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/custody/)
    * [__Trading Powerful order execution, funding and settlement ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/trading/)
    * [__Web3 Web3 Portal spanning NFTs, DeFi and DApps ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/web3/)
    * [__Governance Entirely customizable risk and compliance controls ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/governance/)
    * [__Orchestration A single source of truth for managing all digital assets ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/orchestration/)
    * [__Tokenization Asset-agnostic smart contract management framework ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/tokenization/)
    * [__Integration Fully integrable platform following enterprise standards ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/integration/)
    * [__Security Highest protection against insider and external threats ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/security/)

  * Company __

__Company

Company

    * [__About](https://www.metaco.com/company/about/)
    * [__Media & news](https://www.metaco.com/company/media-coverage-press-releases/)
    * [__Careers](https://www.metaco.com/careers/)

  * Resources __

__Resources

Resources

    * [__Talks](https://www.metaco.com/resources/talks/)
    * [__Webinars](https://www.metaco.com/resources/webinars/)
    * [__Case studies](https://www.metaco.com/resources/case-studies/)
    * [__Reports](https://www.metaco.com/resources/reports/)
    * [__Blog](https://www.metaco.com/resources/blog/)

[Contact](https://www.metaco.com/contact/ "Contact")

[Media Feature](https://www.metaco.com/category/media-feature/)

# Forbes: Why A 168-Year-Old Banknote Printer Will Soon Be Churning Out
Digital Drachmas For Central Banks

  *  __ August 24, 2020
  *  __2 min
  *  __Israel Vargas

Share

  * [ __](https://www.linkedin.com/sharing/share-offsite/?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.metaco.com%2Fmedia-feature%2Fforbes-gd-feature%2F)
  * [__](https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Metaco+https%3A%2F%2Fwww.metaco.com%2Fmedia-feature%2Fforbes-gd-feature%2F+via+%40metaco_sa)

#### When printing paper money is your core business, hyperinflation is your
best friend and digital transactions are your worst enemy. How Germany’s
Giesecke& Devrient has learned to thrive in a low inflation, electronic
payments world.

If ever there were a business with dark clouds on the horizon, it should be
printing paper currency, otherwise known as banknotes. In the United States
the production of bills falls upon the U.S. Treasury’s Bureau of Engraving and
Printing, but for much of the rest of the world— from Armenia and Peru to
Thailand and Swaziland, money is actually printed by a handful of companies,
dominant among them, Munich, Germany’s Giesecke & Devrient.

Last month, the 168-year-old printing company made its first investment into
blockchain, leading a $17 million Series A into Metaco, a Swiss startup
providing custody services for bitcoin and stablecoins, a new kind of
cryptocurrency powered by blockchain but backed by fiat currencies like the
U.S. dollar. Perhaps even more important, it would be a perfect complement to
new software it unveiled in 2019 called Filia that enables central banks to
use distributed ledger technology to issue digital versions of their own
currency.

Already six of G&D’s central bank clients are in negotiations about using
Filia to create their own central bank digital currency (CBDC), as China
prepares to become the first nation to launch its own blockchain-based
currency. According to CEO Ralf Wintergerst, the money creation business is on
the verge of a technological revolution that merges the best of the physical
world with the best of the virtual.

To continue reading, please see [the original article on
forbes.com](https://www.forbes.com/sites/michaeldelcastillo/2020/08/24/cryptoconvert-
why-a-168-year-old-banknote-printer-will-soon-be-churning-out-digital-
drachmas-for-central-banks/)



[See original
article](https://www.forbes.com/sites/michaeldelcastillo/2020/08/24/cryptoconvert-
why-a-168-year-old-banknote-printer-will-soon-be-churning-out-digital-
drachmas-for-central-banks/ "See original article")

![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/footer.png?x88149)

## **Explore** more

  * ![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/10/coindesk_full-logo_square.png?x88149)

[Media Feature](https://www.metaco.com/category/media-feature/)

February 7, 2023### [Coindesk: Crypto Custody Tech Firm Metaco Taps IBM Execs
to Revamp Institutional Push](https://www.metaco.com/media-feature/coindesk-
metaco-exco-mpc/ "Coindesk: Crypto Custody Tech Firm Metaco Taps IBM Execs to
Revamp Institutional Push")

  * ![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/10/gobal-custodian_full-logo_square.png?x88149)

[Media Feature](https://www.metaco.com/category/media-feature/)

February 7, 2023### [Global Custodian: Metaco is proving itself again and
again](https://www.metaco.com/media-feature/global-custodian-metaco-enables-
the-worlds-largest-banks-to-capitalize-on-the-digital-asset-economy/ "Global
Custodian: Metaco is proving itself again and again")

  * ![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/11/cointelegraph_full-logo_square.png?x88149)

[Media Feature](https://www.metaco.com/category/media-feature/)

November 18, 2022### [Cointelegraph: Banks still show interest in digital
assets and DeFi amid market chaos](https://www.metaco.com/media-
feature/cointelegraph-defi-banks-crypto-metaco/ "Cointelegraph: Banks still
show interest in digital assets and DeFi amid market chaos")

[![Metaco](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/logo-w.svg?x88149)](https://www.metaco.com)

  * [Solutions](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/)
    * [Global Custodians](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/global-custodians-top-tier-banks/)
    * [Universal Banks](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/universal-banks/)
    * [Neobanks & Fintechs](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/neobanks-fintechs/)
    * [Regulated Exchanges](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/regulated-exchanges/)
    * [Corporates](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/corporates/)
  * [Platform](https://www.metaco.com/platform/)
    * [Harmonize™](https://www.metaco.com/platform/harmonize/)
    * [Custody](https://www.metaco.com/platform/custody/)
    * [Trading](https://www.metaco.com/platform/trading/)
    * [Web3](https://www.metaco.com/platform/web3/)
    * [Governance](https://www.metaco.com/platform/governance/)
    * [Orchestration](https://www.metaco.com/platform/orchestration/)
    * [Tokenization](https://www.metaco.com/platform/tokenization/)
    * [Integration](https://www.metaco.com/platform/integration/)
    * [Security](https://www.metaco.com/platform/security/)
  * [Company](https://www.metaco.com/company/media-coverage-press-releases/)
    * [About](https://www.metaco.com/company/about/)
    * [Media & news](https://www.metaco.com/company/media-coverage-press-releases/)
    * [Jobs](https://www.metaco.com/jobs/)
  * [Resources](https://www.metaco.com/resources/)
    * [Talks](https://www.metaco.com/resources/talks/)
    * [Webinars](https://www.metaco.com/resources/webinars/)
    * [Case studies](https://www.metaco.com/resources/case-studies/)
    * [Reports](https://www.metaco.com/resources/reports/)
    * [Blog](https://www.metaco.com/resources/blog/)

![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/10/sco2.png?x88149)![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/10/iso27001.png?x88149)

  * [__](https://www.twitter.com/metaco_sa "Twitter: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")
  * [__](https://www.linkedin.com/company/metaco-ag/ "Linkedin: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")
  * [__](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC4MLOKnJD9bXfHVXMnHM7ow "Youtube: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")
  * [__](https://open.spotify.com/show/0IiI7iftR3F3RqinfJbpRT "Spotify: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")

© 2015-2024 - Metaco SA - All Rights Reserved |[ Terms & Conditions](https://www.metaco.com/terms-conditions/) | [Privacy Policy](https://www.metaco.com/privacy-policy/) | [Cookie policy](https://www.metaco.com/cookie-policy/)

