  * **Wallet**[**Mobile App** The world of Web3 in your pocket](/download)[**Browser Extension** An optimized Web3 experience for desktop](/browser-extension)
  * **Features**[**Swaps** Swap securely and seamlessly](/swap)[**Staking** Earn crypto rewards while securing networks](/staking)[**NFTs** Explore the world of NFTs](/nft)[**Security** Learn how we keep your assets & Web3 journey safe](/security)[**Buy Crypto** Buy crypto in under five minutes](/buy-crypto)[**SWIFT: Smart Contract Wallet** Explore Web3 easily with account abstraction features](/swift)
  * **Build**[**Developer Docs** Get guides for building powerful Web3 applications](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/)[**Wallet Core** Open-source, mobile-focused crypto wallet library](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/wallet-core)[**Submit dApp** Get your dApp in front of millions](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-dapps)[**Get assets listed** Elevate your asset’s exposure](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-assets)
  * **Support**[**FAQ** Get answers to your most pressing questions](https://community.trustwallet.com/c/helpcenter/8)[**Community Forum** Connect with our vibrant and diverse community](https://community.trustwallet.com/)[**Contact Us** Reach out for personalized support](https://support.trustwallet.com/en/support/home)
  * **About**[**About Us** Discover who we are and what drives us](/about-us)[**Careers** Join us in shaping the future of Web3](/careers)[**Press Kit** Download our official logo and other media assets](/press)[**Blog** Stay up-to-date on Web3 trends and insights](/blog)[**Terms of Service** What you need to know to use our services](/terms-of-service)[**Privacy Policy** Your privacy matters, learn how we protect it](/privacy-policy)

DarkLightLanguage

[Download Trust Wallet](/download)

[](/)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.4edbb099.svg)[**Mobile App** The world
of Web3 in your pocket](/download)[**Browser Extension** An optimized Web3
experience for desktop](/browser-extension)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.e7c57d68.svg)[**Swaps** Swap securely
and seamlessly](/swap)[**Staking** Earn crypto rewards while securing
networks](/staking)[**NFTs** Explore the world of NFTs](/nft)[**Security**
Learn how we keep your assets & Web3 journey safe](/security)[**Buy Crypto**
Buy crypto in under five minutes](/buy-crypto)[**SWIFT: Smart Contract
Wallet** Explore Web3 easily with account abstraction features](/swift)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.b373ab3f.svg)[**Developer Docs** Get
guides for building powerful Web3
applications](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/)[**Wallet Core**
Open-source, mobile-focused crypto wallet
library](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/wallet-core)[**Submit
dApp** Get your dApp in front of
millions](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-dapps)[**Get
assets listed** Elevate your asset’s
exposure](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-assets)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.1211abf0.svg)[**FAQ** Get answers to
your most pressing
questions](https://community.trustwallet.com/c/helpcenter/8)[**Community
Forum** Connect with our vibrant and diverse
community](https://community.trustwallet.com/)[**Contact Us** Reach out for
personalized support](https://support.trustwallet.com/en/support/home)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.9a6dd06f.svg)[**About Us** Discover who
we are and what drives us](/about-us)[**Careers** Join us in shaping the
future of Web3](/careers)[**Press Kit** Download our official logo and other
media assets](/press)[**Blog** Stay up-to-date on Web3 trends and
insights](/blog)[**Terms of Service** What you need to know to use our
services](/terms-of-service)[**Privacy Policy** Your privacy matters, learn
how we protect it](/privacy-policy)

[](/)

WalletFeaturesBuildSupportAbout

Language

[Download](/download)

[Home](/)  >  [Blog](/blog)  >  [Announcements](/blog?category=Announcements)
>  [Trust Wallet SWIFT: Understanding Passkeys and
Recoverability](/blog/trust-wallet-swift-understanding-passkeys-and-
recoverability)

##### Announcements

# Trust Wallet SWIFT: Understanding Passkeys and Recoverability

Published on: Feb 22, 2024

##### Share post

[](https://facebook.com/trustwalletapp)[](https://github.com/trustwallet)[](https://instagram.com/trustwallet)[](https://twitter.com/trustwallet)[](https://discord.gg/trustwallet)[](https://reddit.com/r/trustapp)[](https://t.me/trustwallet)

  * **Creating a Passkey for Your SWIFT Wallet**
  * **Where are Passkeys Stored?**
  * **How to Recover Your SWIFT Wallet**
  * **Frequently Asked Questions**

##### In Brief

Learn to secure and recover your SWIFT wallet with passkeys. Discover where
your passkeys are stored, why they’re important, and how to set one up.

![Trust Wallet SWIFT: Understanding Passkeys and
Recoverability](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2FBannerpasskeyrecoverability_fc5c371dc9.png&w=3840&q=75)

In this guide, you’ll learn why passkeys are important, how to create a
passkey for your SWIFT wallet, and how to recover your wallet in the event
that you lose your device, wallet or cloud account.

### Key Takeaways:

  * In Trust Wallet SWIFT, **a passkey is used instead of a password or 12-word secret phrase** to protect and recover your wallet.

  * Passkeys are **linked** to your iCloud or Google account.

  * **We don’t recommend editing _or_ deleting your passkey**. Doing so may cause you to lose access to your wallet and funds.

  * Ensure your cloud account (iCloud or Google) is set up for wallet **recoverability**.

  * If you lose access to your device or wallet, you can **recover your SWIFT wallet using the passkey associated with your iCloud or Google account**.

To access Trust Wallet SWIFT ensure you have the most updated version of Trust
Wallet, and use [these instructions](https://trustwallet.com/blog/introducing-
trust-wallet-swift) to get started.

[![Download-Trust-Wallet-Button.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2FDownload_Trust_Wallet_Button_3b2b015a21.png&w=3840&q=75)](https://short.trustwallet.com/TW-
blog)

## Creating a Passkey for Your SWIFT Wallet

A passkey is **automatically created when you create a SWIFT Wallet**.
Passkeys are encrypted digital keys which you create using your fingerprint or
face biometrics. They are also securely saved to your password manager so you
can access or recover your wallet from other devices.

## Where are Passkeys Stored?

Your passkey is associated with the iCloud or Google account you're signed
into when creating your SWIFT wallet.

  * **For Apple devices:** Your SWIFT wallet passkey is saved under Passwords within your Settings.

  * **For Android devices:** Your SWIFT wallet passkey is saved to your Google Password Manager.

We don’t recommend editing or deleting your passkey. If you do, you could lose
access to your wallet and all funds.

**Note on Apple devices:** Ensure your Password and Keychain is turned “ON”.
This will ensure your passkey is saved to your iCloud account, making
recoverability possible on other devices. To do this, go to:

  * **Settings - > Your Name -> iCloud -> Password and Keychain (turn this ON)**

## How to Recover Your SWIFT Wallet

Passkeys are advantageous because they are securely saved to your password
management system—meaning you can access or recover your SWIFT wallet from
other devices. This is also helpful if you accidentally delete your wallet on
an existing device.

Let’s have a look at how to recover your wallet.

### Recovering Your SWIFT Wallet on an Apple device

Before you start, ensure you are signed into the iCloud account associated
with your passkey.

  * [Download](https://trustwallet.com/download) the latest version of Trust Wallet, open it, then select “Get Started”.

  * Select “Add existing wallet”, then choose the “Swift” option.

  * Choose the wallet you want to recover, and select “Continue”.

  * Start using your recovered wallet.

![Group 1424358415.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2FGroup_1424358415_e6f0358035.png&w=3840&q=75)

### Recovering Your SWIFT Wallet on an Android device

Before you start, ensure that you’re signed into the Google Play store account
(your Google account) associated with your passkey.

  * [Download](https://trustwallet.com/download) the latest version of Trust Wallet, open it, then select “Get Started”.

  * Select “Add existing wallet”, then choose the “Swift” option.

  * Choose the wallet you want to recover, and select “Continue”.

  * Start using your recovered wallet.

![Group 1424358414.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2FGroup_1424358414_6333cf434c.png&w=3840&q=75)

## Frequently Asked Questions

### Why use passkeys instead of a secret phrase or password?

Passkeys are more secure than passwords and safer than traditional secret
phrases. This is because they are less vulnerable to phishing attacks, and
less prone to getting lost—as they are associated with your device and
biometric data.

Passkeys are protected on your device by your fingerprint or face biometrics,
and uses your cloud account to sync across devices you sign into with your
cloud account. This makes your SWIFT secure and recoverable. In short,
passkeys streamline access and recoverability to your SWIFT wallet.

### What happens if I lose access to my device or my iCloud/Google account?

If you lose access to your device, you can recover your SWIFT wallet on
another device as long as you have access to your iCloud or Google account. If
not, please use the recovery process for [Apple](https://support.apple.com/en-
sg/HT204921) or
[Google](https://support.google.com/accounts/answer/7682439?hl=en), and be
sure to follow up with their appropriate support teams for assistance.

### Can I import a wallet from my Apple device to an Android device and vice
versa?

Not currently, as passkeys created on either Apple or Android devices are not
cross-ecosystem compatible. Apple and Google are reported to be working on a
solution, however, until then users would have to use the identical ecosystem
they used for creation to import the wallet.

### Where is the passkey stored on my device?

  * **For Apple devices:** Your SWIFT wallet passkey is saved under saved [Passwords](https://support.apple.com/en-sg/HT211146).

  * **For Android devices:** Your SWIFT wallet passkey is saved to your [Google Password Manager](https://passwords.google.com/).

### Do I need to back up my passkey?

Your passkey is automatically saved to your device's password manager, so they
are backed up by default. You can however, take further steps to export your
passkey on Android or share with a contact group on iCloud—keeping in mind
that only your biometrics can access your passkey, keeping it safe.

  

Join the Trust Wallet community on [Telegram](https://rebrand.ly/TW-Telegram-
Announcements) Follow us on [X (formerly Twitter)](https://rebrand.ly/TW-
Twitter-Blog) [Instagram](https://rebrand.ly/TW-Insta-Blog)
[Facebook](https://rebrand.ly/TW-FB-Blog) [Reddit](https://rebrand.ly/TW-
Reddit-Blog)

> **Note:** Any cited numbers, figures, or illustrations are reported at the
> time of writing, and are subject to change.

#### Simple and convenient to use, seamless to explore

[Download Trust Wallet](/download)

##### Stay Connected:

[](https://facebook.com/trustwalletapp)[](https://github.com/trustwallet)[](https://instagram.com/trustwallet)[](https://twitter.com/trustwallet)[](https://discord.gg/trustwallet)[](https://reddit.com/r/trustapp)[](https://t.me/trustwallet)

  * **Wallet**[Mobile App](/download)[Browser Extension](/browser-extension)
  * **Features**[Buy Crypto](/buy-crypto)[Swaps](/swap)[Staking](/staking)[NFTs](/nft)[Security](/security)[SWIFT: Smart Contract Wallet](/swift)
  * **Build**[Developer Docs](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/)[Wallet Core](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/wallet-core)[Submit dApp](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-dapps)[Get assets listed](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-assets)
  * **Support**[FAQ](https://community.trustwallet.com/c/helpcenter/8)[Community Forum](https://community.trustwallet.com/)[Contact Us](https://support.trustwallet.com/en/support/home)
  * **About**[About Us](/about-us)[Careers](/careers)[Press Kit](/press)[Terms of Service](/terms-of-service)[Privacy Policy](/privacy-policy)[Blog](/blog)
  * ![A-LIGN ISO 27701](/_next/static/media/image.8354ab2c.svg)![A-LIGN ISO 27001](/_next/static/media/image.7f0b3bc9.svg)

**Download Trust Wallet**

The most trusted & secure crypto wallet.

[Download for iOS](https://apps.apple.com/app/apple-
store/id1288339409?mt=8)[Download
Extension![Chrome](/_next/static/media/raw.7dd85797.svg)](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/trust-
wallet/egjidjbpglichdcondbcbdnbeeppgdph)[Download APK](/download/apk)[Download
for Android![App
Store](/_next/image?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Fimage.5ee64b2e.png&w=256&q=75)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.wallet.crypto.trustapp)

