s m a r t

w a l l e t s

a t

l i g h t s p e e d

A

T

L

I

G

H

T

S

P

E

E

D

W

A

L

L

E

T

S

S

M

A

R

T

# Squads simplifies management of developer and treasury assets for on-chain
organizations

Secure your treasury, programs, validators, tokens in a multisig and manage
them with your team.

Get started

![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/LBbGfPVfBrdzbii3KwTgkEt9g.svg)

[Contact us](https://discord.com/invite/YPXz64TrKs)

Trusted by the best

[![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/tJTWuDzCtYzxzs6MU0VqQsH3RA.svg)](https://www.jito.wtf/)[![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/vxiSxotqsTxe6XYxW5lEpqGqexY.png)](https://www.drift.trade/)[![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/iDzlR0h0pAN0VNDXgWOgO13Vr8.svg)](https://jup.ag/)[![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/JR7pmAADFoZ2j5Z7n7rfSsQDAg.svg)](https://www.helius.dev/)[![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/pJcmNNgveUC4IMAgn2YLCkTbco.svg)](https://kamino.finance/)[![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/3yDH8Iw0BBMUPqXsaHfiqmLwC54.svg)](https://sharky.fi/)[![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/nDriUY6xDXGuC66XPQizO3cX5nQ.svg)](https://hxro.com/)[![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/Qj0kZPRR684kVy0IO6zDIwnJIA.svg)](https://pyth.network/)[![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/pC4Y4raHCiXMnAJbrnk4ORY9k.svg)](https://raydium.io/)[![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/3aO8qZDfnF4cgF5DeIn6yvszo.svg)](https://www.marginfi.com/)[![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/rvzbuHX6b1I32iixdsX2jJ6A.svg)](https://www.tensor.trade/)

[![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/eKCzvVg6W6mPfKDpnmGIHbO4AAI.png)](https://www.bonkcoin.com/)[![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/HUMdNrClTjSoKDCLS4GWfnT7o.svg)](https://www.metaplex.com/)[![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/kkxR4BuLDPJqf2v2OZPwfti6k.svg)](https://solanamobile.com/)[![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/Vuaubjjcl3ywuFz43tMLm3LdYcw.png)](https://claynosaurz.com/)[![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/jTtaxzuxwKMCXazOayfTJ006M.svg)](https://www.backpack.app/)[![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/XXfAZMKi7F8zGiaEp95Dl0cnpZM.svg)](https://magiceden.io/)[![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/s7uQHCNxUVW2RKTawvN0nPwzzmc.svg)](https://aurory.io/)[![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/BdRKm2OixaGYg5mOOhhuUp2gtPQ.svg)](https://www.frakt.xyz/)[![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/hX0smo4BVExWdpmIS4JdSN4BLwo.svg)](https://www.helium.com/)[![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/CRCNU6iayKciNurA8PIEj52MPus.svg)](https://solend.fi/)[![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/w8afWPcDWgWiJ5ZZASDPM3vHmk.svg)](https://solanamonkey.business/)[![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/YRb561rexq1JS2UCUZ7dywmW0.svg)](https://ellipsislabs.xyz/)

[![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/SWHxiIQ2SGbOtOzPB3Vtwq4vXE.png)](https://famousfoxes.com/)[![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/PyBAQrVcwwgflpO3hl15ujuy6A.svg)](https://www.meteora.ag/)[![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/sDQbZBknmJtswqbeQWSBesVMq6A.svg)](https://www.zeta.markets/)[![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/NXK4fU9K3fpCK2PUxvHgPfjnM.svg)](https://laine.one/solana)[![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/e9G9EWWOlsqXnrDgqyrVkXVvnY.svg)](https://www.overclock.one/)[![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/2ttdGdNVEwbiVsfxOkq75jx85RE.svg)](https://mayan.finance/)[![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/lIEhnSCW7g7a4D7QVA7WCTOYAk.svg)](https://www.elusiv.io/)[![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/r42Az4Fc8mp2ZzyYAALG61gRBsc.svg)](https://www.hivemapper.com/explorer)[![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/kwBmFZhrBQh65glDIQpHqLmdBY.svg)](https://staratlas.com/)[![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/b8K35tgLwRFeNrwnJ1exC2ow6Y.svg)](https://www.monacoprotocol.xyz/)[![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/9VovCA2TCFRVSnlYJvgxjQyOWhA.svg)](https://www.bridgesplit.com/)[](https://switchboard.xyz/)

And more

![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/EVz2O6O69JHtvu34YzjuAzV50vc.png)

## $10bln+ in  
total value secured

Squads is the leading multisig solution on Solana, used by the largest teams
and protocols to secure their on-chain assets. Built with an intuitive UX,
slick design, security and self custody in mind.

Multi-signature

Secure your assets in a programmable multi-signature wallet and require
multiple digital signatures to approve transactions.

![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/XyhGc5fRQUNoPWuHZ2waXQ4OpY.png)

Self custody

Truly own your assets without the need to trust third parties and centralized
entities.

At the speed of light

Take advantage of everything Solana has to offer - secure and decentralized
network, fast transactions and low transaction fees.

All your assets in one place

Save time, add transparency and visibility to your on-chain asset management
workflows.

![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/cpSbJTU8OaS71ZThf2iijCap6zY.png)

Built on strong foundations

Leverage the security of Squads Protocol - the most trusted smart contract
wallet infrastructure on Solana and SVM.

[Learn more](./protocol)

Interact with any Solana application

Connect your Squads multisig to any dapp on Solana with our browser extension
wallet.

[Learn more](./extension)

Treasury

## Manage team and company treasury

Self-custody your crypto assets, pay employees and contributors, diversify
treasury and access Solana DeFi opportunities

Vault

Deposit and send fungible tokens and NFTs

Sub-accounts

Easily budget your treasury and better manage your cash flow

Granular control

Set roles, spending limits, time locks

Staking

Stake your SOL with any Solana validator or various liquid staking providers

DeFi Integrations

Access the best DeFi products on Solana directly within Squads

NFTs

View, burn, list, and batch send your NFTs

![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/mtziabkfsB7oJm5s8aINZFqzgd0.webp)

![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/WUTHxVUjFwOdfm7fr8JCJqp3a5k.png)

![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/JgJ3qdM9E8e1y4XEyOGQvieADcI.png)

![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/uJWg7xbKegcKnh4qtKrV5Shvks.png)

![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/mCdjRzxN6QduPpPwqbef2bVRYuc.png)

![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/qjsZg90MLn7Ex6skEiJCshFHRvg.png)

Developers

## Manage developer assets

Decentralize control over the projectâs core developer assets amongst your
team

![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/zVpJAvxgvWFpERDEEi6tEX706k8.svg)

![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/KEWnDWte7LM8cDkNvtRbZual8Y.png)

![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/0ZUTnwZcBkMV0N1qHI5NPt6YRIY.png)

![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/eQB7pJ76KfxMXkVh0AkoQp8vdM8.png)

![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/cFLeaVrS05zia8wDFmEdvJnc4.svg)

Programs

Upgrade programs and view upgrade history

Validators

Add validators to the dashboard, withdraw rewards and more

Tokens

Mint, burn and manage properties of fungible tokens

TX Builder

Create custom transactions and populate them with arbitrary instructions

Ecosystem

## Engage with the Solana ecosystem

We have partnered with the leading projects in the ecosystem to deliver the
best possible user experience for a wide variety of use cases

Jito, Lido, Marinade, Solblaze

Stake with the best liquid staking providers

Blowfish

Get greater transparency for your multisig transactions

Jupiter

Swap vault assets directly from our interface

Bonfida

Send assets to .sol domains

Coinflow

Off-ramp USDC to your bank account

Tensor

Buy and list NFTs from your multisig

Streamflow

Stream and vest tokens from your vault

Integral

Compliant accounting for your transactions

Mesha

Expense management and corporate cards linked to your multisig

People trust Squads

  * If your program isn't governed by a multisig or DAO, you're one key away from losing everything. Do yourself a favor, set up multisig deployment with Squads. It takes like 5 minutes. The contract is immutable, they literally can't rug you. And the UX is great.

![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/Xkhyp1diCknQrYAUAv5NCVr8g.jpg)

Noah ð¥ð ð

@redacted_noah

tbh @SquadsProtocol is one of the most sleek and best multisig i have used

![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/KQIHb7tqovEtHoH3LvkItiRwC0.jpg)

Gajesh

@gajeshnaik

can confirm. @SquadsProtocol UX is ð¤

![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/244ZNsvu7DZawRWCpOqJRG3Fkc.png)

Chris | Dialect ð£

@aliquotchris

this is a rant while again waiting for parcel loading forever on each page +
gnosis giving nonsense errors + metamask approval doesnt pop randomly.

The Solana multisig exp thru @SquadsProtocol + @phantom

is 100x better. smooth. just pure smooth. ð§¼

![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/lhYNlRd4pzod4Mxul6eLYjZdo.png)

danning.ethâ¡ï¸ð¤

@sui414

Squads is a high quality simple multisig wallet on Solana that is perfect for
managing upgrade authorities.

![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/yVgLambtSYLnD3RnMpPoL0mnA.jpg)

toly

@aeyakovenko

Squads' Solana multi-signature wallet ensures the safety of all our assets,
from treasury and token to our programs. The platform is easy to use and
allows for collective management with our team.

![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/Orhh0h6IGlVYUsUFPh9Ar1ufs.jpg)

timur.sol | frakt ð«°ð¼ð°

@timsamoylov

  * just use @SquadsProtocol to burn 238m+ of Bonk. pretty cool UI. did run into some bugs but overall it's great.

![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/JXlki2ImfC5rPy3emoKhu4Xr5Xc.jpg)

âï¸ SIONG.com çä¸æ·

@siong1987

Transitioning to Squads for our treasury management was a no-brainer. The
multi-signature feature of the platform has greatly improved our security and
confidence about having funds on-chain.

![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/985CStkpGqjQd3bIxt3kS2Dzv50.jpg)

lightspeed mert | helius.xyz

@0xMert_

STOP USING HOT WALLETS FOR ADMIN KEYS!

  

USE @SquadsProtocol

ð¤¦ââï¸ð¤¦ââï¸ð¤¦ââï¸

![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/8UIgpJHrWhLANNrzmtiNtc08LtY.jpg)

buffalu

@buffalu__

Legend. We love the @SquadsProtocol.

![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/M0sZ7aa3YsxuGZ8LWwLihWTg9bg.jpg)

Mad Armani ð

@armaniferrante

Multisig will become the status quo for any team/project/DAO building in web3,
and Squads is one of the best multisig wallets on Solana.

![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/vDR8r9yDwe2lKolcOrqFj2gfLn4.jpg)

Richard | Tensor ðâ¡

@0xrwu

Both Marginfi smart contracts related to mrgnlend are under Squads multisig
governance: our mrgnlend and liquidity incentive programs.

![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/ifAIu9EIeSkReoqVQcOTfjjhoaU.jpg)

Edgar

@edgarpavlosky

  * Squads wallet is the gold standard for Solana multi-sigs. I use it every day and it just keeps getting better.

![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/ROJdmw7nls29k7ik0KJDpRMwg.jpg)

â¢ Jâe McCann

@joemccann

Agreed - It absolutely is a order of magnitude increase versus the status quo
of browser wallets

But best to not leave *any* "trust gaps" when securing valuable pks as the OP
states

I'm bullish on @SquadsProtocol or others making this setup more robust over
time ð«¡

![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/s9csA0UdlZPVWdK9JUnxCUuOnU.jpg)

Joe | 0xOsprey.eth

@0x_Osprey

  * If your program isn't governed by a multisig or DAO, you're one key away from losing everything. Do yourself a favor, set up multisig deployment with Squads. It takes like 5 minutes. The contract is immutable, they literally can't rug you. And the UX is great.

![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/Xkhyp1diCknQrYAUAv5NCVr8g.jpg)

Noah ð¥ð ð

@redacted_noah

tbh @SquadsProtocol is one of the most sleek and best multisig i have used

![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/KQIHb7tqovEtHoH3LvkItiRwC0.jpg)

Gajesh

@gajeshnaik

can confirm. @SquadsProtocol UX is ð¤

![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/244ZNsvu7DZawRWCpOqJRG3Fkc.png)

Chris | Dialect ð£

@aliquotchris

this is a rant while again waiting for parcel loading forever on each page +
gnosis giving nonsense errors + metamask approval doesnt pop randomly.

The Solana multisig exp thru @SquadsProtocol + @phantom

is 100x better. smooth. just pure smooth. ð§¼

![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/lhYNlRd4pzod4Mxul6eLYjZdo.png)

danning.ethâ¡ï¸ð¤

@sui414

Squads is a high quality simple multisig wallet on Solana that is perfect for
managing upgrade authorities.

![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/yVgLambtSYLnD3RnMpPoL0mnA.jpg)

toly

@aeyakovenko

Squads' Solana multi-signature wallet ensures the safety of all our assets,
from treasury and token to our programs. The platform is easy to use and
allows for collective management with our team.

![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/Orhh0h6IGlVYUsUFPh9Ar1ufs.jpg)

timur.sol | frakt ð«°ð¼ð°

@timsamoylov

  * just use @SquadsProtocol to burn 238m+ of Bonk. pretty cool UI. did run into some bugs but overall it's great.

![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/JXlki2ImfC5rPy3emoKhu4Xr5Xc.jpg)

âï¸ SIONG.com çä¸æ·

@siong1987

Transitioning to Squads for our treasury management was a no-brainer. The
multi-signature feature of the platform has greatly improved our security and
confidence about having funds on-chain.

![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/985CStkpGqjQd3bIxt3kS2Dzv50.jpg)

lightspeed mert | helius.xyz

@0xMert_

STOP USING HOT WALLETS FOR ADMIN KEYS!

  

USE @SquadsProtocol

ð¤¦ââï¸ð¤¦ââï¸ð¤¦ââï¸

![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/8UIgpJHrWhLANNrzmtiNtc08LtY.jpg)

buffalu

@buffalu__

Legend. We love the @SquadsProtocol.

![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/M0sZ7aa3YsxuGZ8LWwLihWTg9bg.jpg)

Mad Armani ð

@armaniferrante

Multisig will become the status quo for any team/project/DAO building in web3,
and Squads is one of the best multisig wallets on Solana.

![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/vDR8r9yDwe2lKolcOrqFj2gfLn4.jpg)

Richard | Tensor ðâ¡

@0xrwu

Both Marginfi smart contracts related to mrgnlend are under Squads multisig
governance: our mrgnlend and liquidity incentive programs.

![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/ifAIu9EIeSkReoqVQcOTfjjhoaU.jpg)

Edgar

@edgarpavlosky

  * Squads wallet is the gold standard for Solana multi-sigs. I use it every day and it just keeps getting better.

![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/ROJdmw7nls29k7ik0KJDpRMwg.jpg)

â¢ Jâe McCann

@joemccann

Agreed - It absolutely is a order of magnitude increase versus the status quo
of browser wallets

But best to not leave *any* "trust gaps" when securing valuable pks as the OP
states

I'm bullish on @SquadsProtocol or others making this setup more robust over
time ð«¡

![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/s9csA0UdlZPVWdK9JUnxCUuOnU.jpg)

Joe | 0xOsprey.eth

@0x_Osprey

  * If your program isn't governed by a multisig or DAO, you're one key away from losing everything. Do yourself a favor, set up multisig deployment with Squads. It takes like 5 minutes. The contract is immutable, they literally can't rug you. And the UX is great.

![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/Xkhyp1diCknQrYAUAv5NCVr8g.jpg)

Noah ð¥ð ð

@redacted_noah

tbh @SquadsProtocol is one of the most sleek and best multisig i have used

![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/KQIHb7tqovEtHoH3LvkItiRwC0.jpg)

Gajesh

@gajeshnaik

can confirm. @SquadsProtocol UX is ð¤

![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/244ZNsvu7DZawRWCpOqJRG3Fkc.png)

Chris | Dialect ð£

@aliquotchris

this is a rant while again waiting for parcel loading forever on each page +
gnosis giving nonsense errors + metamask approval doesnt pop randomly.

The Solana multisig exp thru @SquadsProtocol + @phantom

is 100x better. smooth. just pure smooth. ð§¼

![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/lhYNlRd4pzod4Mxul6eLYjZdo.png)

danning.ethâ¡ï¸ð¤

@sui414

Squads is a high quality simple multisig wallet on Solana that is perfect for
managing upgrade authorities.

![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/yVgLambtSYLnD3RnMpPoL0mnA.jpg)

toly

@aeyakovenko

Squads' Solana multi-signature wallet ensures the safety of all our assets,
from treasury and token to our programs. The platform is easy to use and
allows for collective management with our team.

![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/Orhh0h6IGlVYUsUFPh9Ar1ufs.jpg)

timur.sol | frakt ð«°ð¼ð°

@timsamoylov

  * just use @SquadsProtocol to burn 238m+ of Bonk. pretty cool UI. did run into some bugs but overall it's great.

![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/JXlki2ImfC5rPy3emoKhu4Xr5Xc.jpg)

âï¸ SIONG.com çä¸æ·

@siong1987

Transitioning to Squads for our treasury management was a no-brainer. The
multi-signature feature of the platform has greatly improved our security and
confidence about having funds on-chain.

![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/985CStkpGqjQd3bIxt3kS2Dzv50.jpg)

lightspeed mert | helius.xyz

@0xMert_

STOP USING HOT WALLETS FOR ADMIN KEYS!

  

USE @SquadsProtocol

ð¤¦ââï¸ð¤¦ââï¸ð¤¦ââï¸

![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/8UIgpJHrWhLANNrzmtiNtc08LtY.jpg)

buffalu

@buffalu__

Legend. We love the @SquadsProtocol.

![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/M0sZ7aa3YsxuGZ8LWwLihWTg9bg.jpg)

Mad Armani ð

@armaniferrante

Multisig will become the status quo for any team/project/DAO building in web3,
and Squads is one of the best multisig wallets on Solana.

![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/vDR8r9yDwe2lKolcOrqFj2gfLn4.jpg)

Richard | Tensor ðâ¡

@0xrwu

Both Marginfi smart contracts related to mrgnlend are under Squads multisig
governance: our mrgnlend and liquidity incentive programs.

![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/ifAIu9EIeSkReoqVQcOTfjjhoaU.jpg)

Edgar

@edgarpavlosky

  * Squads wallet is the gold standard for Solana multi-sigs. I use it every day and it just keeps getting better.

![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/ROJdmw7nls29k7ik0KJDpRMwg.jpg)

â¢ Jâe McCann

@joemccann

Agreed - It absolutely is a order of magnitude increase versus the status quo
of browser wallets

But best to not leave *any* "trust gaps" when securing valuable pks as the OP
states

I'm bullish on @SquadsProtocol or others making this setup more robust over
time ð«¡

![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/s9csA0UdlZPVWdK9JUnxCUuOnU.jpg)

Joe | 0xOsprey.eth

@0x_Osprey

  * If your program isn't governed by a multisig or DAO, you're one key away from losing everything. Do yourself a favor, set up multisig deployment with Squads. It takes like 5 minutes. The contract is immutable, they literally can't rug you. And the UX is great.

![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/Xkhyp1diCknQrYAUAv5NCVr8g.jpg)

Noah ð¥ð ð

@redacted_noah

tbh @SquadsProtocol is one of the most sleek and best multisig i have used

![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/KQIHb7tqovEtHoH3LvkItiRwC0.jpg)

Gajesh

@gajeshnaik

can confirm. @SquadsProtocol UX is ð¤

![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/244ZNsvu7DZawRWCpOqJRG3Fkc.png)

Chris | Dialect ð£

@aliquotchris

this is a rant while again waiting for parcel loading forever on each page +
gnosis giving nonsense errors + metamask approval doesnt pop randomly.

The Solana multisig exp thru @SquadsProtocol + @phantom

is 100x better. smooth. just pure smooth. ð§¼

![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/lhYNlRd4pzod4Mxul6eLYjZdo.png)

danning.ethâ¡ï¸ð¤

@sui414

Squads is a high quality simple multisig wallet on Solana that is perfect for
managing upgrade authorities.

![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/yVgLambtSYLnD3RnMpPoL0mnA.jpg)

toly

@aeyakovenko

Squads' Solana multi-signature wallet ensures the safety of all our assets,
from treasury and token to our programs. The platform is easy to use and
allows for collective management with our team.

![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/Orhh0h6IGlVYUsUFPh9Ar1ufs.jpg)

timur.sol | frakt ð«°ð¼ð°

@timsamoylov

  * just use @SquadsProtocol to burn 238m+ of Bonk. pretty cool UI. did run into some bugs but overall it's great.

![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/JXlki2ImfC5rPy3emoKhu4Xr5Xc.jpg)

âï¸ SIONG.com çä¸æ·

@siong1987

Transitioning to Squads for our treasury management was a no-brainer. The
multi-signature feature of the platform has greatly improved our security and
confidence about having funds on-chain.

![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/985CStkpGqjQd3bIxt3kS2Dzv50.jpg)

lightspeed mert | helius.xyz

@0xMert_

STOP USING HOT WALLETS FOR ADMIN KEYS!

  

USE @SquadsProtocol

ð¤¦ââï¸ð¤¦ââï¸ð¤¦ââï¸

![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/8UIgpJHrWhLANNrzmtiNtc08LtY.jpg)

buffalu

@buffalu__

Legend. We love the @SquadsProtocol.

![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/M0sZ7aa3YsxuGZ8LWwLihWTg9bg.jpg)

Mad Armani ð

@armaniferrante

Multisig will become the status quo for any team/project/DAO building in web3,
and Squads is one of the best multisig wallets on Solana.

![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/vDR8r9yDwe2lKolcOrqFj2gfLn4.jpg)

Richard | Tensor ðâ¡

@0xrwu

Both Marginfi smart contracts related to mrgnlend are under Squads multisig
governance: our mrgnlend and liquidity incentive programs.

![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/ifAIu9EIeSkReoqVQcOTfjjhoaU.jpg)

Edgar

@edgarpavlosky

  * Squads wallet is the gold standard for Solana multi-sigs. I use it every day and it just keeps getting better.

![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/ROJdmw7nls29k7ik0KJDpRMwg.jpg)

â¢ Jâe McCann

@joemccann

Agreed - It absolutely is a order of magnitude increase versus the status quo
of browser wallets

But best to not leave *any* "trust gaps" when securing valuable pks as the OP
states

I'm bullish on @SquadsProtocol or others making this setup more robust over
time ð«¡

![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/s9csA0UdlZPVWdK9JUnxCUuOnU.jpg)

Joe | 0xOsprey.eth

@0x_Osprey

![Back
Arrow](https://framerusercontent.com/images/sESF3epi4WI8M8UPMzAzba6arc.svg)![Next
Arrow](https://framerusercontent.com/images/pZsqGGl5SAhcW4AHGrwRo7Sbbk.svg)

[Squads](./)

[Protocol](./protocol)

[Extension](./extension)

[Use Cases](./use-cases)

[About](https://www.sqds.io/)

[Blog](./blog)

Get started

[](./)

[](./)

All rights reserved

Â© Squads Protocol 2024

Product

[Squads](./)

[Protocol](./protocol)

[Extension](./extension)

[Use Cases](./use-cases)

[Why Multisig](https://squads.so/blog/what-are-multisig-wallets)

Resources

[Github](https://github.com/Squads-Protocol)

[SDK](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@sqds/multisig)

[Documentation](https://docs.squads.so/main/basics/welcome-to-squads)

[Blog](./blog)

[Multisig vs MPC](https://squads.so/blog/mpc-wallets-risks-vs-multisig)

Company

[About](./about)

[Brand assets](./brand-assets)

[Twitter](https://twitter.com/squadsprotocol)

[Discord](https://discord.com/invite/YPXz64TrKs)

[Farcaster](https://warpcast.com/squads)

Legal

[Terms of Service](./legal/terms-of-service)

[Privacy Policy](./legal/privacy-policy)

Get Started

Choose which version of Squads you would like to use

Squads

Squads Legacy

The latest version of Squads, cutting edge design, granular control and
frictionless experience. Powered by Squads Protocol v4. Best suited for power
users and enterprises serious about their multisig setup.

Treasury management

Program, token, validator management

TX builder

Permissions

Squads Pro

SquadsX

[Launch Squads](https://app.squads.so/)

