[![Helium Logo](/_next/static/media/logosymbol.e32f55d5.svg)](/)

Build![Down arrow](/_next/static/media/navarrow.68f4a5a0.svg)

[HotspotsBuild the network and mine HNT](/mine)

[TokenExplore HNT and Data Credits](/token)

[Helium 5GDeploy 5G Coverage on Helium](/5G)

Use IoT![Down arrow](/_next/static/media/navarrow.68f4a5a0.svg)

[CommercialConnect your devices to the Network](/commercial)

[RoamAdd our coverage to yours](/roam)

[SolutionsDiscover solutions built on Helium](/solutions)

[Developer DocumentationTechnical Information, FAQ and
Support](https://docs.helium.com)

[Featured ProductsIOT sensors from popular manufacturers](/featured-products)

Resources![Down arrow](/_next/static/media/navarrow.68f4a5a0.svg)

[BlogRead our news and announcements](https://blog.helium.com)

[Helium ExplorerNetwork Map](https://explorer.helium.com)

[CommunityJoin the Helium Discord](https://discord.gg/helium)

[Ecosystem](/ecosystem)[Case Studies](/stories)

![Menu](/_next/static/media/menuwhite.97522b9f.svg)

![Cross](/_next/static/media/cross.97e56514.svg)

Build ![Diagonal Down Arrow](/_next/static/media/dropdownarrow.10ee975b.svg)

[Hotspots](/mine)[Token](/token)[Helium 5G](/5G)

Use IoT ![Diagonal Down Arrow](/_next/static/media/dropdownarrow.10ee975b.svg)

[Commercial](/commercial)[Roam](/roam)[Solutions](/solutions)[Developer
Documentation](https://docs.helium.com)[Featured Products](/featured-products)

Resources ![Diagonal Down
Arrow](/_next/static/media/dropdownarrow.10ee975b.svg)

[Blog](https://blog.helium.com)[Helium
Explorer](https://explorer.helium.com)[Community](https://discord.gg/helium)

[Ecosystem](/ecosystem)[Case Studies](/stories)

# Helium Website Terms of Use

Effective Date: May 18, 2023

#### Terms & Conditions

The Decentralized Wireless Alliance, doing business as the Helium Foundation
("Helium Foundation"), operates this website (hereinafter, the "Site"), and
the services related to or offered on the Site (hereinafter, the "Services").
Services may include, without limitation, tools, applications, email services,
bulletin and message boards, chat areas, news groups, forums, communities, and
downloadable mobile applications related to the Site.

By accessing and/or using the Site you agree to be bound by this Terms of Use
Agreement (the "Agreement" or "Terms") and our Privacy Policy, whether you are
a Visitor (which means that you simply browse the Site, including, without
limitation, through a mobile or other wireless device, or otherwise use the
services provided without being registered) or you are a Member (which means
that you have registered with Helium Foundation). These Terms govern your use
of any of the Site and Services that are provided by Helium Foundation. Please
read these Terms with care before accessing or using the Site or Services.

Helium Foundation reserves the right to modify the Terms at any time, in which
case the revised Terms will appear on the Site. If you do not agree to be
bound by all of these Terms, you may not access or use the Site or Services.
Continued use of the Site after we post any such changes will constitute your
acceptance of the Terms, as modified.

Helium Foundation reserves the right to immediately prohibit, modify, or
terminate use of or access to the Site at any time, without notice, for any
reason whatsoever.

#### Intellectual Property Rights

The Site is protected by one or more copyrights, patents, database rights,
trademarks, servicemarks and/or other intellectual property and proprietary
rights that are owned by Helium Foundation, its affiliates and/or third
parties.

Helium Foundation is the exclusive owner of all the trademarks, names, logos,
and trade dress used in this Site, including, but not limited to, Helium, the
Helium logo, and Helium Services ("the Trademarks"). Your use of this site
does not grant you any rights in or interests to the Trademarks. The
Trademarks shall not be used, modified, or otherwise reproduced without the
express written permission of Helium Foundation. Any other third party marks
or names used in this site are owned by their respective owners and Helium
Foundation makes no representations of any kind with respect to such third
party marks and names. You may not modify, distribute, transmit, perform,
reproduce, publish, license, create derivative works from, transfer or sell
any content, including any text, graphics, logos and other source-identifying
symbols, designs, icons, images, or other information, software or code
obtained from the Site.

All copyright rights in this Site's content, including, but not limited to,
graphics, videos, information, reports, and text (collectively, "the
content"), is exclusively owned by or otherwise used by Helium Foundation
under permission, and may only be used by you as set forth herein. Any other
non-authorized use of the Site, including, but not limited to the
reproduction, dissemination, distribution, or transmission thereof is strictly
prohibited. You further agree not to alter or delete any proprietary notice
from any materials, reports, or other information downloaded, copied, or
printed from the Site. All rights are expressly reserved.

#### Your Representations, Warranties, and Obligations

  * You represent and warrant that you have full authority and all rights necessary to enter into and fully perform all of your obligations pursuant to these Terms.
  * You represent and warrant that you have not and you will not enter into any agreement or perform any act which might contravene the purposes and/or effects of these Terms.
  * You represent and warrant that you will not delete any Content from the Sites.
  * You acknowledge and agree that your use and access to the Site is solely at your own risk. You agree to abide by all applicable local, state, national, and international laws, and regulations, including U.S. export and re-export control and economic sanction laws and regulations, with respect to your use of the Site and Services.
  * You understand that the confidentiality of any communication or material transmitted to/from the Site cannot be guaranteed. Accordingly, Helium Foundation is not responsible for the security of any information transmitted to or from the Site.

#### Message Boards, Posting, and Other Interactive Features

This Site may include interactive features, including, but not limited to,
message boards, web logs, e-mail services, and areas that allow uploading of
user-generated content (the "Interactive Features"). You are responsible for
any material that you post on message boards or provide through any other
Interactive Features on the Site.

If we provide you with the ability to post or submitting any material
(including, without limitation, text, photos, and videos) to the Site, and you
choose to do so, you represent and warrant: (i) that you are the owner of the
material, or that the owner of the material has consented to your use; and
(ii) that you are eighteen years old or older. You will be solely responsible
for any damages resulting from any infringement of copyrights, proprietary
rights, or any other harm resulting from any uploading, posting, or
submission.

When you submit or post material, you grant Helium Foundation the royalty-
free, perpetual, irrevocable, non-exclusive right and license to use,
reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate, create derivative works from,
distribute, perform, and display it (in whole or in part) worldwide and/or to
incorporate it in other works in any form, media, or technology. This grant
shall include the right to exploit any proprietary rights in any such
material. You also grant Helium Foundation, and anyone authorized by Helium
Foundation, the right to identify you as the author of any of your postings or
submissions by name, e-mail address, or member name, as we deem appropriate.

We do not control the messages, information, or files that you or others may
provide through the Site. This Site, including its Interactive Features, shall
be used for lawful purposes only; you shall not:

  * Engage in any conduct that, in our sole judgment, restricts or inhibits any other user from using or enjoying the Site.
  * Post or transmit any material that violates our rights or the rights of others, including, without limitation, privacy rights, publicity rights, copyrights, trademark rights, patent rights, contract rights, or any other right.
  * Use the Site to impersonate any person or entity, or falsely state or otherwise misrepresent your affiliation with a person or entity.
  * Interfere with or disrupt any servers or networks used to provide the Site, its Services, or its features, or disobey any requirements, procedures, policies, or regulations of the networks we use to provide the Site.
  * Use the Site in an unlawful, threatening, or abusive manner, including without limitation, to promote racism, bigotry, hatred, or physical harm of any kind against any group or individual.
  * Gain unauthorized access to the Site, or any account, computer system, or network connected to this Site, by means such as hacking, password mining, or other illicit means.
  * Obtain or attempt to obtain any materials or information not intentionally made available through this Site.
  * Use the Site to post or transmit any vulgar, obscene, or otherwise objectionable information of any kind, including without limitation, any transmissions that encourage conduct that would constitute a criminal offense, give rise to civil liability, or otherwise violate any law.
  * Use the Site to post or transmit any information, software, or other material that contains a virus or other harmful component.
  * Use the Site to post, transmit, or in any way exploit any information, software, or other material for commercial purposes, or that contains advertising.
  * Engage in advertising or commercial solicitation of any product or service, or to solicit donations of any kind on the Site, without our written consent.
  * Gather for marketing purposes any e-mail addresses or other personal information that has been posted by other users of the Site.

We shall have the right, but no obligation, to monitor the content of the
message boards or other Interactive Features to determine compliance with the
Terms and any other operating rules we establish.

We shall have the right in our sole discretion to edit, refuse to post, or
remove any material submitted to or posted on the message boards or other
Interactive Features of the Site. Notwithstanding this right, users shall
remain solely responsible for the content of their messages.

We neither endorse nor are responsible for the accuracy or reliability of any
opinion, advice, or statement on the message boards or other Interactive
Features of the Site, whether it is provided by Helium directors, officers,
employees or agents, or a third party.

We are not responsible for any offensive, defamatory, or obscene posting made
on the message boards or other Interactive Features of the Site.

We may disclose any information we believe necessary to satisfy any law,
regulation, or governmental request, or to refuse to post or to remove any
information or materials, in whole or in part, that in our sole discretion are
inappropriate, objectionable or in violation of the Terms.

#### Privacy, Registration and Passwords

To access certain features of the Site, we may ask you to provide personally
identifiable information such as your (name, e-mail address, ZIP code, and
date of birth) as well as information necessary to deliver and service our
products. You agree to provide true, accurate, current, and complete
information about yourself for any registration form located on the Site. If
we suspect that information you provide is untrue, inaccurate, or incomplete,
we may, in our sole discretion, suspend or terminate your account and refuse
all current or future use of the Site. Helium Foundation use of any personally
identifiable information you provide to Helium Foundation as part of the
registration process is governed by the terms of our Privacy Policy. You may
need a username and password to use certain features of the Site.

Helium Foundation's privacy policy with respect to the collection and use of
your personally identifiable information is linked on the front page and is
incorporated by reference into these Terms. BY ACCESSING THE SITE AND/OR
SERVICES, YOU AGREE THAT YOU ARE ACCEPTING OUR PRIVACY POLICY AND WILL COMPLY
WITH ITS PROVISIONS.

By registering on the Site, you agree that you will not (i) select or use a
member name or e-mail address of another person with the intent to impersonate
that person; (ii) use a user name or e-mail address subject to the rights of
any person without authorization; (iii) use a member name in violation of the
intellectual property rights of any person; or (iv) use a member name that we,
in our sole discretion, deem inappropriate or offensive. You are responsible
for maintaining the confidentiality of the password and account, and are
responsible for all activities (whether by you or by others) that occur under
your password or account. You will notify Helium Foundation immediately of any
unauthorized use of your password or account or any other breach of security.
We assume no liability for any loss or damage arising from any unauthorized
use of your password or account by a third party.

#### Disclaimer of Warranties

The Site's Content, including the terms, conditions, and descriptions
appearing therein, are subject to change at any time. The information and
materials contained in the Site, including the Content, text, graphics, links
or other items are provided AS IS and AS AVAILABLE. Helium Foundation does not
warrant the accuracy, adequacy, or completeness of such content, information
and materials and expressly disclaims liability for errors or omissions in
this information and materials.

NO WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, IMPLIED, EXPRESSED OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING BUT NOT
LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF NON-INFRINGEMENT OF THIRD PARTY RIGHTS, TITLE,
MERCHANTABILITY, OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE IS GIVEN IN CONJUNCTION
WITH THE SITE OR ITS CONTENT.

#### Limitation of Liability

UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, NEGLIGENCE, SHALL WE,
OUR SUBSIDIARY COMPANIES, OR AFFILIATES BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES THAT RESULT FROM THE USE OF, OR
THE INABILITY TO USE, THE SITE, INCLUDING ITS MATERIALS, PRODUCTS, OR
SERVICES, OR THIRD-PARTY MATERIALS, PRODUCTS, OR SERVICES MADE AVAILABLE
THROUGH THE SITE, EVEN IF WE ARE ADVISED BEFOREHAND OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH
DAMAGES.

BECAUSE SOME STATES DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF CERTAIN
CATEGORIES OF DAMAGES, THE ABOVE LIMITATION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. IN SUCH
STATES, OUR LIABILITY AND THE LIABILITY OF OUR SUBSIDIARY COMPANIES OR
AFFILIATES IS LIMITED TO THE GREATEST EXTENT THAT IT CAN BE LIMITED UNDER SUCH
STATE LAW.

IN NO EVENT WILL WE OR ANY PERSON OR ENTITY INVOLVED IN CREATING, PRODUCING OR
DISTRIBUTING THE SITE OR RELATED ONLINE SERVICES BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT,
INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF THE USE
OF OR INABILITY TO USE THE MESSAGE BOARDS OR OTHER INTERACTIVE FEATURES, OR
OUT OF THE BREACH OF ANY WARRANTY.

#### Indemnification

You agree to indemnify and hold Helium Foundation and its subsidiaries,
affiliates, officers, directors, agents, employees, partners and licensors
harmless from any claim, damages, losses, costs, expenses or demands,
including reasonable attorneys' fees, made by any third party due to or rising
out of content contributions, unsolicited contributions, or anything else you
submit, post, transmit, modify or otherwise make available through the Site,
or by your access or use of the Site, or your violation of any rights of
another.

#### Linking and Framing

You may establish a hypertext link to the Site, provided that the link does
not state or imply any sponsorship of your site by Helium Foundation. However,
you may not frame or inline link to any of the content of the Site, or
incorporate into another Website or other service any of our material or
intellectual property without the written permission of Helium.

Helium Foundation is not responsible for information on any third party
website that is referred in, or accessible or connected by hyperlink to, the
Site. If you access any third party website through the Site or otherwise, you
do so at your own risk. We are not responsible for the quality, accuracy,
timeliness, reliability, or any other aspect of any product or service offered
or provided by a third party. A merchant that offers or sells products or
services through the Site may have privacy and data collection practices that
are different from ours. We have no responsibility or liability for these
independent policies. Hyperlinks to or from the Site do not constitute third
party endorsement of, sponsorship by or affiliation with us.

#### Copyright Policy

The Digital Millennium Copyright Act of 1998 (the "DMCA") provides recourse
for copyright owners who believe that material appearing on the Internet
infringes their rights under the U.S. copyright law. If you believe in good
faith that materials hosted by Helium Foundation infringe your copyright, you
or your agent may send to Helium Foundation a notice requesting that the
material be removed or access to it be blocked.

Any notification by a copyright owner or a person authorized to act on its
behalf that fails to comply with requirements of the DMCA shall not be
considered sufficient notice and shall not be deemed to confer upon Helium
Foundation actual knowledge of facts or circumstances from which infringing
material or acts are evident.

All notices and counter notices must meet the then current statutory
requirements imposed by the DMCA; see http://www.loc.gov/copyright for
details. If you believe that your work has been copied in a way that
constitutes copyright infringement, please provide our Copyright Agent the
following information:

  * An electronic or physical signature of the person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright interest;
  * Identification of the copyrighted work that you claim has been infringed;
  * Identification of where the material that you claim is infringing is located on the Site or Service reasonably sufficient to permit us to locate the material;
  * Information reasonably sufficient to permit us to contact you, such as your address, telephone number and, if available, your email address;
  * A statement by you that you have a good faith belief that the disputed use is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law; and
  * A statement by you, made under penalty of perjury, that the above information in your notice is accurate and that you are the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.

Helium Foundation's Copyright Agent for notice of claims of copyright
infringement or counter notices can be reached as follows:

Helium Foundation, 595 Pacific Avenue, Floor 4, San Francisco, CA 94133
legal@helium.foundation

We suggest that you consult your legal advisor before filing a notice or
counter-notice. Also, be aware that there can be penalties for false claims
under the DMCA.

#### Jurisdictional Issues

Helium Foundation makes no representation or warranty that the content and
materials on the Site or the Services are appropriate or available for use in
locations outside the United States. Those who choose to access the Site or
use the Services from other locations do so on their own initiative and at
their own risk, and are responsible for compliance with local laws, if and to
the extent applicable. Helium Foundation reserves the right, at any time in
our sole discretion, to limit the availability and accessibility of the Site
or the Services to any person, geographic area or jurisdiction we so desire,
and to limit the quantities of any such service or products that we provide.

#### Termination

We may, at any time and without notice, suspend, cancel, or terminate your
right to use the Site (or any portion of the Site). In the event of
suspension, cancellation, or termination, you are no longer authorized to
access the part of the Site affected by such suspension, cancellation, or
termination. In the event of any suspension, cancellation, or termination, the
restrictions imposed on you with respect to material downloaded from the Site,
and the disclaimers and limitations of liabilities set forth in the Terms,
shall survive.

#### Governing Law

These Terms and the relationship between you and Helium Foundation shall be
governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of California, without
regard to its conflict of law provisions except that the Arbitration provision
at Paragraph 13 shall be governed by the Federal Arbitration Act.

#### Arbitration and Disputes

You and Helium Foundation irrevocably that If a dispute between you, and if
the dispute cannot be settled through negotiation, the parties agree first to
try in good faith to settle the dispute by mediation administered by the
American Arbitration Association before resorting to arbitration or any other
dispute resolution procedure.

If such mediation is not successful, any controversy or claim arising out of
or relating to these Terms, or the breach thereof, or otherwise concerning the
relationship between the parties shall be finally resolved by arbitration
shall be settled by arbitration administered by the American Arbitration
Association. The arbitration shall be governed by the Federal Arbitration Act,
9 U.S.C. § 1, et seq., and judgment on the award rendered by the arbitrators
may be entered in any court having jurisdiction thereof over the relevant
party or its assets. The arbitration shall take place in San Jose, California,
or such other location as may be mutually-agreed to by the parties. The
arbitration shall be conducted by one arbitrator, who shall be selected by
agreement of the parties. Each party shall be responsible for paying half of
the costs of the arbitration. The parties agree that the arbitration shall be
kept confidential and that the existence of the proceeding and any element of
it shall not be disclosed beyond the tribunal, the parties and their counsel,
and any person necessary to the conduct of the proceeding. The confidentiality
obligations shall not apply if disclosure is required by law or in judicial or
administrative proceedings, or to the extent that disclosure is necessary to
enforce the rights arising out of the award, provided that the parties agree
to use best efforts to keep such disclosure confidential and agree, subject to
court approval, to submit such disclosure to a court only under seal.

Claims may not be brought in the arbitration proceeding by or on behalf of a
purported class of claimants.

This agreement to arbitrate shall constitute an irrevocable waiver of each
party's right to a trial by jury, as well as of rights to discovery or to an
appeal that would customarily be available in a judicial proceeding but that
may be limited or unavailable in connection with such an arbitration.

#### Successors and Assigns

We may perform any of our obligations or exercise any of our rights under this
Terms through one or more of our corporate affiliates (including any entity
that directly or indirectly controls, is controlled by or is under common
control with us). If Helium Foundation or its assets are acquired by another
entity, that entity will assume our rights and obligations as described in
this Terms. You may not assign your rights or obligations under this Terms, by
operation of law or otherwise, without our prior written consent.

#### Other Terms

The Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between Helium Foundation and
you with respect to the subject matter contained in the Terms and supersedes
all previous and contemporaneous agreements, proposals, and communications,
written and/or oral. You also may be subject to additional terms and
conditions that may apply when you purchase and/or use the products or
services of a third party that are provided on or through the Site. In the
event of any conflict between any such third party terms and conditions and
the Agreement, the Agreement shall govern. If any provision of the Agreement
shall be found unlawful, void or for any reason unenforceable, then that
provision shall be deemed severable from the Terms and shall not affect the
validity and enforceability of any remaining provisions. The foregoing
provisions of the Terms are for Helium Foundation's benefit and the benefits
of Helium Foundation's affiliates, third party content providers and
licensors, and each shall have the right to assert and enforce such provisions
directly on its own behalf.

If any provision of these Terms is held to be invalid or unenforceable in any
jurisdiction, such provision shall be deemed modified to the minimum extent
necessary so that such provision shall no longer be held to be invalid or
unenforceable, and these Terms shall be interpreted so as to achieve the
intent expressed herein to the greatest extent possible in the jurisdiction in
question. Any such modification, invalidity or unenforceability shall be
strictly limited both to such provision and to such jurisdiction.

## Get Ecosystem Updates to Your Inbox

* * *

##### Learn

[Home](/)[Ecosystem](/ecosystem)[Solutions](/solutions)[Blog](https://blog.helium.com)[Whitepaper](http://whitepaper.helium.com)

##### Get Involved

[Mine](/mine)[Use](/commercial)[Roam](/roam)[Switch from 3G](/switch)[HNT and
Data Credits](/token)[Developers](https://docs.helium.com)[Helium Mobile](/5G)

##### Social

[Discord](https://discord.gg/helium)[Twitter](https://twitter.com/helium)[Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/heliumsystems)[LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/company/heliuminc)[Github](https://github.com/helium)[YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/c/HeliumInc)[Reddit](https://www.reddit.com/r/HeliumNetwork)[Instagram](https://www.instagram.com/helium/)

##### Get in Touch

[hello@helium.foundation](mailto:hello@helium.foundation)[press@helium.foundation](mailto:press@helium.foundation)

* * *

![Helium Logo](/_next/static/media/logo-horizontalwhite.ecf69e9c.svg)

[Privacy Policy](/privacy)[Website Terms](/website-terms)

