Skip to main content

[](/en/)

  * Learn
  * Use
  * Build
  * Participate
  * Research

Search```K`

Languages EN

  1. [Home](/en/)/
  2. [Smart contracts](/en/smart-contracts/)

Page last updated: March 7, 2024

On this page

  * Trust in conventional contracts
  * A digital vending machine
  * Automatic execution
  * Predictable outcomes
  * Public record
  * Privacy protection
  * Visible terms
  * Smart contract use cases
  * Further reading

# Introduction to smart contracts

Smart contracts are the fundamental building blocks of Ethereum's application
layer. They are computer programs stored on the _blockchain_ that follow "if
this then that" logic, and are guaranteed to execute according to the rules
defined by its code, which cannot be changed once created.

Nick Szabo coined the term "smart contract". In 1994, he wrote [an
introduction to the concept(opens in a new
tab)](https://www.fon.hum.uva.nl/rob/Courses/InformationInSpeech/CDROM/Literature/LOTwinterschool2006/szabo.best.vwh.net/smart.contracts.html),
and in 1996 he wrote [an exploration of what smart contracts could do(opens in
a new
tab)](https://www.fon.hum.uva.nl/rob/Courses/InformationInSpeech/CDROM/Literature/LOTwinterschool2006/szabo.best.vwh.net/smart_contracts_2.html).

Szabo envisioned a digital marketplace where automatic, _cryptographically-
secure_ processes enable transactions and business functions to happen without
trusted intermediaries. Smart contracts on Ethereum put this vision into
practice.

Watch Finematics explain smart contracts:

## Trust in conventional contracts

One of the biggest problems with a traditional contract is the need for
trusted individuals to follow through with the contract's outcomes.

Here is an example:

Alice and Bob are having a bicycle race. Let's say Alice bets Bob $10 that she
will win the race. Bob is confident he'll be the winner and agrees to the bet.
In the end, Alice finishes the race well ahead of Bob and is the clear winner.
But Bob refuses to pay out on the bet, claiming Alice must have cheated.

This silly example illustrates the problem with any non-smart agreement. Even
if the conditions of the agreement get met (i.e. you are the winner of the
race), you must still trust another person to fulfill the agreement (i.e.
payout on the bet).

## A digital vending machine

A simple metaphor for a smart contract is a vending machine, which works
somewhat similarly to a smart contract - specific inputs guarantee
predetermined outputs.

  * You select a product
  * The vending machine displays the price
  * You pay the price
  * The vending machine verifies that you paid the right amount
  * The vending machine gives you your item

The vending machine will only dispense your desired product after all
requirements are met. If you don't select a product or insert enough money,
the vending machine won't give out your product.

## Automatic execution

The main benefit of a smart contract is that it deterministically executes
unambiguous code when certain conditions are met. There is no need to wait for
a human to interpret or negotiate the result. This removes the need for
trusted intermediaries.

For example, you could write a smart contract that holds funds in escrow for a
child, allowing them to withdraw funds after a specific date. If they try to
withdraw before that date, the smart contract won't execute. Or you could
write a contract that automatically gives you a digital version of a car's
title when you pay the dealer.

## Predictable outcomes

Traditional contracts are ambiguous because they rely on humans to interpret
and implement them. For example, two judges might interpret a contract
differently, which could lead to inconsistent decisions and unequal outcomes.
Smart contracts remove this possibility. Instead, smart contracts execute
precisely based on the conditions written within the contract's code. This
precision means that given the same circumstances, the smart contract will
produce the same result.

## Public record

Smart contracts are useful for audits and tracking. Since Ethereum smart
contracts are on a public blockchain, anyone can instantly track asset
transfers and other related information. For example, you can check to see
that someone sent money to your address.

## Privacy protection

Smart contracts also protect your privacy. Since Ethereum is a pseudonymous
network (your transactions are tied publicly to a unique cryptographic
address, not your identity), you can protect your privacy from observers.

## Visible terms

Finally, like traditional contracts, you can check what's in a smart contract
before you sign it (or otherwise interact with it). A smart contract's
transparency guarantees that anyone can scrutinize it.

## Smart contract use cases

Smart contracts can do essentially anything that computer programs can do.

They can perform computations, create currency, store data, mint _NFTs_ , send
communications and even generate graphics. Here are some popular, real-world
examples:

  * [Stablecoins](/en/stablecoins/)
  * [Creating and distributing unique digital assets](/en/nft/)
  * [An automatic, open currency exchange](/en/get-eth/#dex)
  * [Decentralized gaming](/en/dapps/?category=gaming#explore)
  * [An insurance policy that pays out automatically(opens in a new tab)](https://etherisc.com/)
  * [A standard that lets people create customized, interoperable currencies](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/)

## Further reading

  * [How Smart Contracts Will Change the World(opens in a new tab)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pA6CGuXEKtQ)
  * [Smart Contracts: The Blockchain Technology That Will Replace Lawyers(opens in a new tab)](https://blockgeeks.com/guides/smart-contracts/)
  * [Smart contracts for developers](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/)
  * [Learn to write smart-contracts](/en/developers/learning-tools/)
  * [Mastering Ethereum - What is a Smart Contract?(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/ethereumbook/ethereumbook/blob/develop/07smart-contracts-solidity.asciidoc#what-is-a-smart-contract)

### Was this article helpful?

YesNo

  * [Edit page(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/ethereum/ethereum-org-website/tree/dev/public/content/smart-contracts/index.md)
  * On this page

    * Trust in conventional contracts
    * A digital vending machine
    * Automatic execution
    * Predictable outcomes
    * Public record
    * Privacy protection
    * Visible terms
    * Smart contract use cases
    * Further reading

Website last updated: May 22, 2024

[(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/ethereum/ethereum-org-
website)[(opens in a new tab)](https://twitter.com/ethdotorg)[(opens in a new
tab)](https://discord.gg/ethereum-org)

### Learn

  * [Learn Hub](/en/learn/)
  * [What is Ethereum?](/en/what-is-ethereum/)
  * [What is ether (ETH)?](/en/eth/)
  * [Ethereum wallets](/en/wallets/)
  * [What is Web3?](/en/web3/)
  * [Smart contracts](/en/smart-contracts/)
  * [Gas fees](/en/gas/)
  * [Run a node](/en/run-a-node/)
  * [Ethereum security and scam prevention](/en/security/)
  * [Quiz Hub](/en/quizzes/)
  * [Ethereum glossary](/en/glossary/)

### Use

  * [Guides](/en/guides/)
  * [Choose your wallet](/en/wallets/find-wallet/)
  * [Get ETH](/en/get-eth/)
  * [Dapps - Decentralized applications](/en/dapps/)
  * [Stablecoins](/en/stablecoins/)
  * [NFTs - Non-fungible tokens](/en/nft/)
  * [DeFi - Decentralized finance](/en/defi/)
  * [DAOs - Decentralized autonomous organizations](/en/dao/)
  * [Decentralized identity](/en/decentralized-identity/)
  * [Stake ETH](/en/staking/)
  * [Layer 2](/en/layer-2/)

### Build

  * [Builder's home](/en/developers/)
  * [Tutorials](/en/developers/tutorials/)
  * [Documentation](/en/developers/docs/)
  * [Learn by coding](/en/developers/learning-tools/)
  * [Set up local environment](/en/developers/local-environment/)
  * [Grants](/en/community/grants/)
  * [Foundational topics](/en/developers/docs/intro-to-ethereum/)
  * [UX/UI design fundamentals](/en/developers/docs/design-and-ux/)
  * [Enterprise - Mainnet Ethereum](/en/enterprise/)
  * [Enterprise - Private Ethereum](/en/enterprise/private-ethereum/)

### Participate

  * [Community hub](/en/community/)
  * [Online communities](/en/community/online/)
  * [Ethereum events](/en/community/events/)
  * [Contributing to ethereum.org](/en/contributing/)
  * [Translation Program](/en/contributing/translation-program/)
  * [Ethereum bug bounty program](/en/bug-bounty/)
  * [Ethereum Foundation](/en/foundation/)
  * [Ethereum Foundation Blog(opens in a new tab)](https://blog.ethereum.org/)
  * [Ecosystem Support Program(opens in a new tab)](https://esp.ethereum.foundation)
  * [Devcon(opens in a new tab)](https://devcon.org/)

### Research

  * [Ethereum Whitepaper](/en/whitepaper/)
  * [Ethereum roadmap](/en/roadmap/)
  * [Improved security](/en/roadmap/security/)
  * [Technical history of Ethereum](/en/history/)
  * [Open research](/en/community/research/)
  * [Ethereum Improvement Proposals](/en/eips/)
  * [Ethereum governance](/en/governance/)

  * [About us](/en/about/)
  * [Ethereum brand assets](/en/assets/)
  * [Code of conduct](/en/community/code-of-conduct/)
  * [Jobs](/en/about/#open-jobs)
  * [Privacy policy](/en/privacy-policy/)
  * [Terms of use](/en/terms-of-use/)
  * [Cookie policy](/en/cookie-policy/)
  * [Press Contact(opens in a new tab)](mailto:press@ethereum.org)

Is this page helpful?

### Blockchain

A blockchain is a database of transactions, duplicated and shared on all
computers in the network, ensuring data cannot be altered retroactively.

### Cryptography

It is the practice of making communication private and secure so that only
those for whom the information is intended can read it.

### Non-fungible token (NFT)

Non-fungible-token (NFT ) is a unique digital item you can own, like art or
collectibles, verified by blockchain technology. [More on Non-Fungible Tokens
(NFTs)](/en/nft/).

