Skip to main content

[](/en/)

  * Learn
  * Use
  * Build
  * Participate
  * Research

Search```K`

Languages EN

  1. [Home](/en/)/
  2. [about](/en/about/)

Page last updated: January 31, 2024

On this page

  * A note on names
    * Ethereum
    * Ether (ETH)
    * Ethereum Foundation
    * ethereum.org
  * Our mission
    * 1\. Improve user experience for ethereum.org visitors
    * 2\. Grow, strengthen, and empower our community of contributors
  * Core principles
    * 1\. ethereum.org is a portal to Ethereum üåè
    * 2\. ethereum.org is always evolving üõ†
    * 3\. ethereum.org is not a typical product website ü¶Ñ
  * Product roadmap
  * Design principles
  * Design system
  * Style guide
  * Open jobs

# About ethereum.org

ethereum.org is a public, open-source resource for the Ethereum community that
anyone can contribute to. We have a small core team dedicated to maintaining
and developing the site with contributions from thousands of community members
across the globe.

## A note on names

It's common for people to confuse names within the Ethereum landscape, which
can lead to poor mental models about how Ethereum works. Here's a quick
explainer to clear things up:

### Ethereum

Ethereum is a public network, a blockchain, and an open-source protocol --
operated, governed, managed, and owned by a global community of tens of
thousands of developers, node operators, ETH holders and users.

[More about Ethereum](/en/what-is-ethereum/)

[More on Ethereum governance](/en/governance/)

### Ether (ETH)

Ether (also known by its ticker symbol, ETH) is the native currency transacted
on Ethereum. ETH is needed to pay for usage of the Ethereum network (in the
form of transaction fees). ETH is also used to secure the network with
staking. When people talk about the price of Ethereum, they're referring to
ETH the asset.

[More about ETH](/en/eth/)

[More on staking ETH](/en/staking/)

### Ethereum Foundation

A non-profit organization, funded initially by the crowdsale of ETH, dedicated
to the support of the Ethereum network and ecosystem.

[More about the Ethereum Foundation](/en/foundation/)

### ethereum.org

A public, open-source website and educational resource for the Ethereum
community. ethereum.org is led by a small core team, funded by the Ethereum
Foundation, with contributions from thousands of community members across the
globe.

This page covers more information about ethereum.org.

## Our mission

**ethereum.org's mission is to be the best portal for Ethereum's growing
community**

We strive to build an easy-to-understand educational resource for all topics
relating to Ethereum, designed to help new users become familiar with Ethereum
and its key concepts. We want to:

  * explain Ethereum to anyone new to the technology
  * help new users get started with ETH and Ethereum
  * help new developers to start building
  * cover updates in the Ethereum world
  * showcase resources created by the community
  * bring Ethereum education to as many languages as possible

To achieve this mission, our team focuses on two primary goals on
ethereum.org:

### 1\. Improve user experience for ethereum.org visitors

  * Extend, improve, and keep content up-to-date
  * Improve usability and accessibility via localization and web development best practices
  * Increase user engagement via features like surveys, quizzes, and web3 integrations
  * Keep the website lightweight and performant

### 2\. Grow, strengthen, and empower our community of contributors

  * Grow total number of contributors to the website
  * Improve contributor retention through engagement, acknowledgments, and rewards
  * Empower community members to make increasingly significant contributions
  * Facilitate greater diversity of contributions: code, content, design, translation, moderation
  * Keep the codebase modern, clean, and well-documented

## Core principles

We have some core principles that help guide us to accomplish our mission.

### 1\. ethereum.org is a portal to Ethereum üåè

We want our users to have their interest piqued and their questions answered.
So our portal needs to combine information, "magic moments" and links to the
brilliant community resources that exist out there. The purpose of our content
is to be an ‚Äúonboarding portal‚Äù and not a substitute for the extensive
resources that already exist. We're keen to support and integrate with
community built resources, giving them more visibility and making them more
discoverable. [Ethereum's community](/en/community/) is at the heart of this:
we need to not just serve the community, but work with them and incorporate
their feedback. The website isn't just for the community we have now but for
the community we hope to grow into. We must remember our community is global,
containing people from many languages, regions, and cultures.

### 2\. ethereum.org is always evolving üõ†

Ethereum and the community are always evolving, so ethereum.org will too.
That's why the site has a simple design system & modular structure. We make
iterative changes as we learn more about how people use the site and what the
community wants from it. We're open source, with a community of contributors,
so you can propose changes or help us out too. [Learn about
contributing](/en/contributing/)

### 3\. ethereum.org is not a typical product website ü¶Ñ

Ethereum is a big thing: it includes a community, a technology, a set of ideas
and ideologies, and more. This means the website needs to handle many
different user journeys, from ‚Äúa developer who wants a specific tool‚Äù and ‚Äúa
newcomer who just bought some ETH and doesn‚Äôt know what a wallet is". "What is
the best website for a blockchain platform?" remains an open question - we are
pioneers. Building this requires experimentation.

## Product roadmap

To make our work more accessible and to foster more community collaboration,
the ethereum.org core team publishes an overview of our quarterly roadmap
goals.

[View our 2024 Q1 product roadmap(opens in a new
tab)](https://github.com/ethereum/ethereum-org-website/issues/12005)

**How's that sound?** We always appreciate feedback on our roadmap - if
there's something you think we should work on, please let us know! We welcome
ideas and PRs from anyone in the community.

**Want to get involved?** [Learn more about contributing](/en/contributing/),
[hit us up on Twitter(opens in a new tab)](https://twitter.com/ethdotorg), or
join the community discussions in [our Discord server(opens in a new
tab)](https://discord.gg/ethereum-org).

## Design principles

We use a set of [design principles](/en/contributing/design-principles/) to
guide our content and design decisions on the site.

## Design system

We built and released a [design system(opens in a new
tab)](https://www.figma.com/file/NrNxGjBL0Yl1PrNrOT8G2B/ethereum.org-Design-
System?node-id=0%3A1&t=QBt9RkhpPqzE3Aa6-1) to ship features more quickly and
let community members participate in the open design of ethereum.org.

Want to get involved? [Follow along in Figma(opens in a new
tab)](https://www.figma.com/file/NrNxGjBL0Yl1PrNrOT8G2B/ethereum.org-Design-
System), the [GitHub issue(opens in a new
tab)](https://github.com/ethereum/ethereum-org-website/issues/6284) and join
the conversation in our [#design Discord channel(opens in a new
tab)](https://discord.gg/ethereum-org).

## Style guide

We have a [style guide](/en/contributing/style-guide/) to standardize certain
aspects of writing content to make the contribution process smoother.

Make sure you read [our principles](/en/contributing/design-principles/) and
[our style guide](/en/contributing/style-guide/) if you'd like to [contribute
to the site](/en/contributing/).

We welcome feedback on our design principles, design system and the style
guide. Remember, ethereum.org is for the community, by the community.

## Open jobs

Although this website is open-source and anyone can work on it, we do have a
team dedicated to ethereum.org and other Ethereum Foundation web projects.

We'll post any job openings here. If you don't see a role here for you, head
over to [our Discord server(opens in a new tab)](https://discord.gg/ethereum-
org) and let us know how you'd like to work with us!

Looking beyond the ethereum.org team? [Check out other Ethereum related
jobs](/en/community/get-involved/#ethereum-jobs/).

### Was this article helpful?

YesNo

  * [Edit page(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/ethereum/ethereum-org-website/tree/dev/public/content/about/index.md)
  * On this page

    * A note on names
      * Ethereum
      * Ether (ETH)
      * Ethereum Foundation
      * ethereum.org
    * Our mission
      * 1\. Improve user experience for ethereum.org visitors
      * 2\. Grow, strengthen, and empower our community of contributors
    * Core principles
      * 1\. ethereum.org is a portal to Ethereum üåè
      * 2\. ethereum.org is always evolving üõ†
      * 3\. ethereum.org is not a typical product website ü¶Ñ
    * Product roadmap
    * Design principles
    * Design system
    * Style guide
    * Open jobs

Website last updated: May 22, 2024

[(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/ethereum/ethereum-org-
website)[(opens in a new tab)](https://twitter.com/ethdotorg)[(opens in a new
tab)](https://discord.gg/ethereum-org)

### Learn

  * [Learn Hub](/en/learn/)
  * [What is Ethereum?](/en/what-is-ethereum/)
  * [What is ether (ETH)?](/en/eth/)
  * [Ethereum wallets](/en/wallets/)
  * [What is Web3?](/en/web3/)
  * [Smart contracts](/en/smart-contracts/)
  * [Gas fees](/en/gas/)
  * [Run a node](/en/run-a-node/)
  * [Ethereum security and scam prevention](/en/security/)
  * [Quiz Hub](/en/quizzes/)
  * [Ethereum glossary](/en/glossary/)

### Use

  * [Guides](/en/guides/)
  * [Choose your wallet](/en/wallets/find-wallet/)
  * [Get ETH](/en/get-eth/)
  * [Dapps - Decentralized applications](/en/dapps/)
  * [Stablecoins](/en/stablecoins/)
  * [NFTs - Non-fungible tokens](/en/nft/)
  * [DeFi - Decentralized finance](/en/defi/)
  * [DAOs - Decentralized autonomous organizations](/en/dao/)
  * [Decentralized identity](/en/decentralized-identity/)
  * [Stake ETH](/en/staking/)
  * [Layer 2](/en/layer-2/)

### Build

  * [Builder's home](/en/developers/)
  * [Tutorials](/en/developers/tutorials/)
  * [Documentation](/en/developers/docs/)
  * [Learn by coding](/en/developers/learning-tools/)
  * [Set up local environment](/en/developers/local-environment/)
  * [Grants](/en/community/grants/)
  * [Foundational topics](/en/developers/docs/intro-to-ethereum/)
  * [UX/UI design fundamentals](/en/developers/docs/design-and-ux/)
  * [Enterprise - Mainnet Ethereum](/en/enterprise/)
  * [Enterprise - Private Ethereum](/en/enterprise/private-ethereum/)

### Participate

  * [Community hub](/en/community/)
  * [Online communities](/en/community/online/)
  * [Ethereum events](/en/community/events/)
  * [Contributing to ethereum.org](/en/contributing/)
  * [Translation Program](/en/contributing/translation-program/)
  * [Ethereum bug bounty program](/en/bug-bounty/)
  * [Ethereum Foundation](/en/foundation/)
  * [Ethereum Foundation Blog(opens in a new tab)](https://blog.ethereum.org/)
  * [Ecosystem Support Program(opens in a new tab)](https://esp.ethereum.foundation)
  * [Devcon(opens in a new tab)](https://devcon.org/)

### Research

  * [Ethereum Whitepaper](/en/whitepaper/)
  * [Ethereum roadmap](/en/roadmap/)
  * [Improved security](/en/roadmap/security/)
  * [Technical history of Ethereum](/en/history/)
  * [Open research](/en/community/research/)
  * [Ethereum Improvement Proposals](/en/eips/)
  * [Ethereum governance](/en/governance/)

  * [About us](/en/about/)
  * [Ethereum brand assets](/en/assets/)
  * [Code of conduct](/en/community/code-of-conduct/)
  * [Jobs](/en/about/#open-jobs)
  * [Privacy policy](/en/privacy-policy/)
  * [Terms of use](/en/terms-of-use/)
  * [Cookie policy](/en/cookie-policy/)
  * [Press Contact(opens in a new tab)](mailto:press@ethereum.org)

Is this page helpful?

