[](/)

  * Building 
    * [Firedancer](/firedancer/)
    * [the Pit](/thepit/)
    * [Cyclone](/cyclone/)
  * Thinking 
    * [Writing](/writing/)
    * [Research](/research/)
  * [Connect](/connect/)

  * [Building](/)
    * [Firedancer](/firedancer/)
    * [the Pit](/thepit/)
    * [Cyclone](/cyclone/)
    * [Collaborations](/collaborations/)
  * [Thinking](/writing/)
    * [Writing](/writing/)
    * [Research](/research/)
    * [Media](/media/)
  * [About](/writing/)
    * [Chronicle](/chronicle/)
    * [Validator](/validator-security/)
    * [Brand & Press](/brand/)
    * [Connect](/connect/)

[](https://twitter.com/jump_)[](https://github.com/JumpCrypto)[](https://www.youtube.com/@jump_)

[Terms of Use_](/terms-of-use/)[Privacy Policy_](/data-protection-and-privacy-
policy/)[Disclaimers_](/nfa/)

![](data:image/svg+xml;base64,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)

# Gaming Infrastructure Part 1: Defining On-chain Gaming

![Shanav K Mehta](https://jumpcrypto-
com.ghost.io/content/images/2023/01/avarat-7.png)

###### Shanav K Mehta

![Dev Bharel](https://jumpcrypto-
com.ghost.io/content/images/2023/01/Group-9777-2.png)

###### Dev Bharel

[Research](/writing/research/)

Jan 06 2023 _ 5 min read

![Gaming Infrastructure Part 1: Defining On-chain Gaming](https://jumpcrypto-
com.ghost.io/content/images/2023/01/Blog-Defining--On-chain-Gaming.png)

### Background

Gaming has long been touted as a potential core use case for crypto. Built
around natively digital assets and serving global audiences, games are in many
ways the perfect candidate to leverage on-chain verifiable attestation,
ownership, and global payment rails. As with any new innovation, however, the
first version often leaves much to be desired. The first cohort of games was
naturally clunky, gimmicky and turned off many true gamers by hyper-
financializing the experience.

The next cohort of games being built on-chain, however, looks to leverage
verifiable attestation, ownership, and asset programmability, while focusing
on game loops built around genuine user acquisition and retention versus token
speculation; more importantly, this cohort is being built by experienced game
developers. In addition to a new genre of games enabled by shared-state
serverless compute, we are starting to see IP from some of the largest game
studios in the world beginning to come on-chain.

![](https://jumpcrypto-com.ghost.io/content/images/2023/01/1.png)

While a healthy level of skepticism remains around on-chain gaming by crypto
natives and gamers alike, the ingredients for exciting and engaging on-chain
games are very much in place. The final ingredient required is robust
infrastructure that can make the gaming experience on-chain as frictionless
for users as traditional gaming is today.

In this series of articles, we will cover everything from types of on-chain
games to types of infrastructure required to realize each version of on-chain
games.

We begin by defining the types of on-chain games that could exist.

### Types of “On-Chain Games"

Broadly speaking, the phrase “on-chain gaming” has been used to describe a
spectrum of game types where the degree of the game that lives on-chain can
range from state updates for every move to one-off optional cosmetic mints for
assets. Below is a rough overview of each game type on this spectrum.

### Approach #1: Fully on-chain (FOC)

![](https://jumpcrypto-com.ghost.io/content/images/2023/01/2-2.png)

Fully on-chain games have been the focus of most of the recent discourse
around on-chain gaming. Under this approach, the blockchain is used as an
alternative to a centralized game server, with all players indexing from and
writing to a shared state on-chain.

The shared state captures data related not only to assets but all aspects of
game state. E.g. in a chess game, the shared state on-chain would capture
details around the position of each piece for both black and white after every
move made by a player. This approach enables features such as persistence
(i.e. games can continue to survive even without continued contribution form
the original creator), censorship resistance, and community-owned development.

While this enables the creation of new game types, this approach is currently
well suited only for certain subset of turn-based games, given that each move
must be submitted to the blockchain as a transaction that must go through
consensus and reach finality before the next move can be made. Specifically,
this is well suited for games with relatively few state updates per session
either as a function of fewer players or fewer moves per player per session.
Examples of games that have successfully adopted this approach include Dark
Forest and 0xMonaco. Genres such as 18xx, which have been well documented in
[AllianceDAO blogs](https://medium.com/alliancedao/unblocking-on-chain-games-
part-two-the-18xx-genre-61b2f4e8837d?ref=jumpcrypto.com), are also well suited
to this approach.

As game complexity increases, either in the form of simultaneous play or more
frequent state updates per session, required state transitions may expand to
include not only player inputs, like moves in a chess game, but also trivial
mechanics (e.g. passive regeneration of hit points in an RPG). Requiring
continuous “crank” (and accompanying gas fees) for these game mechanics
therefore limits the practical game design space. Given the current state of
blockchain architecture, these game types may be better suited to a hybrid on-
chain/off-chain approach.

### Approach #2: On-chain assets (OCA)

![](https://jumpcrypto-com.ghost.io/content/images/2023/01/3.png)

Under this model, user assets live on-chain while game loops live off-chain.
On-chain asset state is indexed by the game server at the start of a session
and state transitions are recorded off-chain on the game server. State is only
relayed back on-chain from the game server at the end of a session or when
game loop outcomes materially impact asset state. Perhaps a user could opt to
“save state” and pay the associated gas cost. This approach makes tradeoffs
around trustlessness for speed and performance.

Let’s consider a PvP combat game like _Street Fighter._ Users can own their
_Ryu_ avatar on-chain and attest to their ownership to initiate a game session
off-chain. However, unlike the first approach, the state after every move
(e.g. how much energy the character has lost after each move) will remain
local to the game server. State will only be updated on-chain when a winner is
declared _if_ there are any implications to the assets living on-chain. For
example, if the character has achieved a level-up that warrants a change in
the NFT metadata, or if two players were part of a cash-incentivized
tournament for which a smart contract needs to be settled. This approach is
better suited to feature-rich games with greater frequency of moves per
player, such as MMORPGs and FPS games.

This approach requires performant infrastructure. Some requirements include
rapid indexing, metadata updatable asset standards on-chain, data relay
infrastructure to communicate off-chain state on-chain, and automatic on-chain
execution based on relayed data. Without these, user friction will be high and
developer adoption low.

### Approach #3: Optional Cosmetic Mints (OCM)

![](https://jumpcrypto-com.ghost.io/content/images/2023/01/4.png)

Under this approach, games look exactly like they do today where asset
ownership and state updates are recorded in the off-chain game database. The
only difference versus existing games is that users have the option to mint
the current version of character assets as NFTs on-chain and trade them there
if they so choose. Additionally, the game may have some sort of loyalty/season
pass that lives as an NFT on-chain and facilitates access control within the
game based on ownership. While appropriate infrastructure for approaches #1
and #2 is being built out, this path likely has the least friction for users.

### Conclusion

Each approach above solves a different problem.

Approach #1, for example, solves game server trust. By indexing and writing to
a shared state on-chain, this approach circumvents the need for game servers.
This opens a new design space for fully on-chain games and may be well suited
for a certain subset of turn-based games.

Approach #2 solves verifiable asset ownership and asset programmability. This
approach limits trustlessness requirements to the asset layer rather than to
all aspects of game state. This also enables the creation of verifiable
economies around game assets by introducing trustlessness to secondary sales.

Approach #3 solves user experience. This approach argues that, under the
current state of infrastructure, both aforementioned approaches introduce too
much friction for gamers and therefore on-chain components should be optional
and limited.

We argue that, with the right infrastructure, approach #1 and #2 could offer a
similar user experience to approach #3 with the added benefit of having
varying parts of game state on-chain. This would require standards that make
communication, inventory management, and state transition automation seamless.

In the following articles we will highlight some of this infrastructure, along
with potential design constraints and decisions that could make this
infrastructure performant. In the next article, for example, we will explore a
framework for updatable on-chain assets called ARC (Action Registry Core)
built around an architectural pattern known in traditional gaming as ECS
(Entity Component System).

Stay tuned!

Share

![](/static/subscribe2-825809a798c6960f978785c6581f4afb.svg)

#### Stay up to date with the latest from Jump_

​

.Subscribe

#### More articles

![SAFU: Creating a Standard for Whitehats](https://jumpcrypto-
com.ghost.io/content/images/2022/10/Standards-for-Whitehats-Thread---
blog.png)SAFU: Creating a Standard for WhitehatsWhitehats and DeFi protocols
need a shared understanding of security policy. We propose the SAFU - Simple
Arrangement for Funding Upload - as a versatile and credible way to let
whitehats know what to...](/writing/safu-creating-a-standard-for-whitehats/)

Oct 24 2022 _ 17 min

Share

[![Huckleberry: IBC Event Hallucinations](https://jumpcrypto-
com.ghost.io/content/images/2023/09/New-Blog-Post.png)Huckleberry: IBC Event
HallucinationsThis blog post describes a vulnerability in ibc-go, the
reference implementation of the Interblockchain Communication Protocol (IBC)
used by most Cosmos blockchains](/writing/huckleberry-ibc-event-
hallucinations/)

Sep 06 2023 _ 4 min

Share

[![Mapping Markets: Evaluating Blockchain’s Mass Adoption
Potential](https://jumpcrypto-com.ghost.io/content/images/2023/06/Blog---
Mapping-Markets_-Evaluating-Blockchain-s-Mass-Adoption-Potential.png)Mapping
Markets: Evaluating Blockchain’s Mass Adoption PotentialIn this post, we
propose a geographically-oriented framework, which we call “Pueyo Maps”
(inspired by Tomas Pueyo’s geo-history), as a way of evaluating the long-term
suitability of blockchain-based s...](/writing/mapping-markets-blockchain-
mass-adoption-potential/)

Jun 05 2023 _ 20 min

Share

Disclaimer

The information on this website and on the Brick by Brick podcast or Ship Show
Twitter spaces is provided for informational, educational, and entertainment
purposes only.  This information is not intended to be and does not constitute
financial advice, investment advice, trading advice, or any other type of
advice.  You should not make any decision – financial, investment, trading or
otherwise – based on any of the information presented here without undertaking
your own due diligence and consulting with a financial adviser.  Trading,
including that of digital assets or cryptocurrency, has potential rewards as
well as potential risks involved. Trading may not be suitable for all
individuals. Recordings of podcast episodes or Twitter spaces events may be
used in the future.

![](data:image/svg+xml;charset=utf-8,%3Csvg height='619' width='1338'
xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg' version='1.1'%3E%3C/svg%3E)

![](data:image/png;base64,iVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAAABQAAAAJCAYAAAAywQxIAAAACXBIWXMAAAsTAAALEwEAmpwYAAAAD0lEQVQoz2NgGAWjYBgCAALZAAHP5sSUAAAAAElFTkSuQmCC)![](/static/bb55dfe76137757a150d8db409a314e1/80e7e/brandLines.svg)

###### Building_

  * [Firedancer](/firedancer/)
  * [the Pit](/thepit/)
  * [Cyclone](/cyclone/)

###### Thinking_

  * [Writing](/writing/)
  * [Research](/research/)

###### About_

  * [Validator Security](/validator-security/)
  * [Connect](/connect/)

[Terms of Use_](/terms-of-use/)[Privacy Policy_](/data-protection-and-privacy-
policy/)[Disclaimers_](/nfa/)

© 2024 Jump Crypto. All Rights Reserved.

Jump Crypto does not operate any business lines that accept funds from
external investors. Any person, company, or app purporting to accept external
investor funds on behalf of Jump Crypto is fraudulent.

