Metaco.com will be sunset as of June 7, 2024

[Learn more](https://ripple.com/solutions/digital-asset-custody/ "Learn more")

Skip to main content

[![Metaco](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/logo.svg?x88149)![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/logo-w.svg?x88149)](https://www.metaco.com)

  * Solutions __

__Solutions

Solutions

    * [__Global Custodians Build tomorrow's market infrastructure ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/global-custodians-top-tier-banks/)
    * [__Universal Banks Satisfy demand for new asset classes ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/universal-banks/)
    * [__Neobanks & FintechsFind new routes to monetization ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/neobanks-fintechs/)
    * [__Regulated Exchanges Grow volumes and profit margins ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/regulated-exchanges/)
    * [__Corporates Boost customer loyalty and engagement ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/corporates/)

  * Platform __

__Platform

Platform

Deploy ambitious digital asset use cases with the most secure and versatile
infrastructure.

    * [__Harmonize™ Platform Overview Issue, store, trade, transfer, settle and service any type of digital asset. ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/harmonize/)
    * [__Custody Hot, warm and institutional cold storage ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/custody/)
    * [__Trading Powerful order execution, funding and settlement ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/trading/)
    * [__Web3 Web3 Portal spanning NFTs, DeFi and DApps ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/web3/)
    * [__Governance Entirely customizable risk and compliance controls ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/governance/)
    * [__Orchestration A single source of truth for managing all digital assets ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/orchestration/)
    * [__Tokenization Asset-agnostic smart contract management framework ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/tokenization/)
    * [__Integration Fully integrable platform following enterprise standards ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/integration/)
    * [__Security Highest protection against insider and external threats ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/security/)

  * Company __

__Company

Company

    * [__About](https://www.metaco.com/company/about/)
    * [__Media & news](https://www.metaco.com/company/media-coverage-press-releases/)
    * [__Careers](https://www.metaco.com/careers/)

  * Resources __

__Resources

Resources

    * [__Talks](https://www.metaco.com/resources/talks/)
    * [__Webinars](https://www.metaco.com/resources/webinars/)
    * [__Case studies](https://www.metaco.com/resources/case-studies/)
    * [__Reports](https://www.metaco.com/resources/reports/)
    * [__Blog](https://www.metaco.com/resources/blog/)

[Contact](https://www.metaco.com/contact/ "Contact")

[Blog](https://www.metaco.com/category/blog/)

Avoiding Pitfalls in Switzerland

# Navigating the legal terrain around Staking Services

  *  __ October 20, 2023
  *  __10 min
  *  __By Marcel Hostettler, Partner – Allegra LAW and Katrin Koller, Product Director - Metaco

Share

  * [ __](https://www.linkedin.com/sharing/share-offsite/?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.metaco.com%2Fblog%2Fnavigating-the-legal-terrain-around-staking-services%2F)
  * [__](https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Metaco+https%3A%2F%2Fwww.metaco.com%2Fblog%2Fnavigating-the-legal-terrain-around-staking-services%2F+via+%40metaco_sa)

### An introduction to staking

Cryptocurrencies, like Bitcoin, operate on a blockchain, a decentralized
ledger that records all transactions across a network of computers (nodes).

While Bitcoin uses a Proof-of-Work (PoW) mechanism to reach consensus on the
state of the network, which requires miners to solve complex mathematical
puzzles using a lot of computer power and energy to add a new block to the
blockchain, the Proof-of-Stake (PoS) consensus chooses the creator of a new
block in a different way. In PoS, the creator of a new block is chosen based
on their “stake” in the cryptocurrency, meaning how many coins they possess
and are willing to “lock up” as collateral.

When you stake your coins, you’re basically locking them up in a wallet to
maintain the network’s operations by validating transactions and creating new
blocks. In return for validating transactions and proposing new blocks, you
can earn ETH as rewards.

The idea behind PoS and staking is to provide a more energy-efficient
mechanism to maintain the network compared to PoW, and to incentivize honest
behavior among participants by having them put their own assets at stake. This
means they have a vested interest in correctly validating transactions since
they have something to lose. It’s a way of ensuring that the people who are
validating transactions and creating new blocks are invested in the continued
accuracy and security of the blockchain.

The legal treatment of staking services and the rewards earned with staking
internationally is now in the limelight. Admittedly, understanding such new
technology and its legal and regulatory implications is extraordinarily
complex. The following clarifies the mechanics behind staking and highlights
relevant considerations.

### The example of ETH: Overview on how staking technically works

The Ethereum system consists of the execution layer and the consensus layer.
Transactions from address A to address B or smart contract interactions take
place on the execution layer. The consensus layer is responsible for things
like block and attestation handling:

  1. The holder of the private keys of the originating address can transfer the ETH to the deposit contract.
  2. The holder of the validator keys can access the deposit contract and unstake.
  3. The holder of the private keys of the withdrawal address can access the ETH after the unstaking.
  4. The holder of the private keys of the withdrawal address can transfer to third-party addresses.

![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/10/staking-
graph-2-650x650-2-1-1.png?x88149)

Simplified graph

### Staking-as-a-software service

Staking itself is designed as a software service by operating the staking
infrastructure, namely the validator node. From a regulatory perspective,
“pure staking” services do not raise any issues. Since the staking provider is
never in possession of any of the private keys to the address on the execution
layer, there is no third-party custody over the cryptocurrencies. With the
validator keys, the staking provider may only initiate the unstaking, i.e. the
transfer of the ETH in the deposit contract on the beacon chain to the
withdrawal address on the execution layer, which does not raise any regulatory
concerns.

### Custody-related considerations

#### a. Ancillary custody services

Staking services may include different types of ancillary custody services,
which may have a regulatory implication depending on its set up:

  * **Segregated custody** : the cryptocurrencies are individually assigned to the client on blockchain level. Separate custody is generally permitted without a license in Switzerland.
  * **Omnibus custody** : the cryptocurrencies are assigned to one or more shared addresses, whereby it is evident off-chain which share is due to the individual client. For collective custody, at least a FinTech license is generally required.
  * **Deposits** : the cryptocurrencies are not permanently held available for the client by the custodian and the cryptocurrencies cannot be allocated to the respective clients, either on- or off-chain. Accordingly, a banking license (or a FinTech license in the case of assets of less than CHF 100 million) is required for their acceptance.  

#### b. Actual and exclusive power of disposal

A staking provider may act as custodian and require a license if he has the
actual and exclusive power of disposal over the cryptocurrencies. Whether he
has power of disposal depends on whether he holds the relevant private keys.
If the staking provider is the only person holding the validator keys and the
private keys of the withdrawal address, this qualifies as third-party custody
and the staked ETH would fall into the bankruptcy estate of the staking
provider in case of bankruptcy. If the staking provider holds only one of
these two keys, or if he is not the only one holding the private keys to the
withdrawal address, this would not qualify as third-party custody and the ETH
would not fall into the bankruptcy estate of the staking provider in case of
bankruptcy. Hence, he would not require a license. The underlying custody
technology and governance around key management therefore become crucial
considerations.

#### c. The obligation to keep client assets at disposal at all times

If a staking model is designed in such a way that the staking provider has the
actual and exclusive power of disposal of the private keys of the withdrawal
address, it needs to be further analysed whether the client’s assets qualify
as so called “depository values” (_Depotwerte_). The most intensely debated
criterion in this regard is the obligation to keep the cryptocurrencies at the
client’s disposal at all times during staking:

  * **No lending business (_kein Aktivgeschäft_): **The obligation to keep the crypto assets at disposal at all times means in particular that no lending business may be conducted. In the case of lending business, the bank itself decides whether and how much of the assets at its disposal it invests, and the bank is entitled to the income of that lending business. With staking, the situation is different: rewards are not paid out for depositing ETH, but for validation activities that comply with the protocol. Rewards are only used as an incentive system to ensure the functionality and security of the decentralized network. In addition, due to the technical blocking, the tokens are actually not available for the staking provider for its own investment purposes. In simple terms, lending business is done in the interest of the bank, whereas staking is done in the interest of the client.
  * **Power of disposal during lock-up periods:**  If, in addition to the validator keys, the staking provider also holds the private keys to the withdrawal address, and he is the only one holding these keys, he has the actual and exclusive power of disposal over the staked assets. The protocol itself, never acquires power of disposal over assets. Any lock-up periods impair the possibility of transferring the tokens from the deposit contract on the beacon chain to the execution layer without delay. However, they do not affect the ability of the staking provider to hand over the private keys of the withdrawal address to the client and thus immediately give up the exclusive power of disposal over the staked tokens.
  * **Slashing risk has no influence on regulatory qualification:**  The obligation to keep client assets at disposal at all times relates to 100% of the assets to which the client is entitled and not to 100% of the assets which he had originally deposited. This is illustrated by the example at the beginning of this article. If it is now clearly stated in the staking contracts that the client bears the slashing risk directly and that the client’s claim against the staking provider in the event of a slashing event is reduced by the slashed ETH at the moment of the slashing, the staking provider will at all times hold for the client exactly as many ETH as the client is entitled to.

### What staking providers need to do

#### a. Case by case analysis

Staking providers must make an in-depth analysis of their services, all
related processes and the contractual framework. They should initially ask
themselves e.g. the following questions to enable an assessment of the
applicable legal rules:

  * Which person(s) hold(s) the private keys of the withdrawal address?
  * Which person(s) hold(s) the validator keys?
  * How are the withdrawal credentials managed?
  * Does the deposit contract / withdrawal address contain pooled client assets?
  * Which client contracts address staking and/or custody?
  * When does the service provider’s contractual custody obligation end?
  * How is the slashing risk addressed in the client contracts?
  * Will the staked ETH be used as a collateral to borrow ETH?
  * Is MEV extraction planned and how is it structured?

We will be joining forces as Allegra Law and Metaco to host a webinar on this
subject to dive deeper into these questions and share insights on this fast-
evolving space.

_Ricardo Schlatter, Sara Balci, Anna Wehrmüller contributing from Allegra Law_

## Subscribe to future **Metaco insights**

[ Subscribe](https://go.metaco.com/l/1003211/2023-09-22/qzqx "Subscribe")

![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/footer.png?x88149)

[![Metaco](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/logo-w.svg?x88149)](https://www.metaco.com)

  * [Solutions](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/)
    * [Global Custodians](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/global-custodians-top-tier-banks/)
    * [Universal Banks](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/universal-banks/)
    * [Neobanks & Fintechs](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/neobanks-fintechs/)
    * [Regulated Exchanges](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/regulated-exchanges/)
    * [Corporates](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/corporates/)
  * [Platform](https://www.metaco.com/platform/)
    * [Harmonize™](https://www.metaco.com/platform/harmonize/)
    * [Custody](https://www.metaco.com/platform/custody/)
    * [Trading](https://www.metaco.com/platform/trading/)
    * [Web3](https://www.metaco.com/platform/web3/)
    * [Governance](https://www.metaco.com/platform/governance/)
    * [Orchestration](https://www.metaco.com/platform/orchestration/)
    * [Tokenization](https://www.metaco.com/platform/tokenization/)
    * [Integration](https://www.metaco.com/platform/integration/)
    * [Security](https://www.metaco.com/platform/security/)
  * [Company](https://www.metaco.com/company/media-coverage-press-releases/)
    * [About](https://www.metaco.com/company/about/)
    * [Media & news](https://www.metaco.com/company/media-coverage-press-releases/)
    * [Jobs](https://www.metaco.com/jobs/)
  * [Resources](https://www.metaco.com/resources/)
    * [Talks](https://www.metaco.com/resources/talks/)
    * [Webinars](https://www.metaco.com/resources/webinars/)
    * [Case studies](https://www.metaco.com/resources/case-studies/)
    * [Reports](https://www.metaco.com/resources/reports/)
    * [Blog](https://www.metaco.com/resources/blog/)

![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/10/sco2.png?x88149)![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/10/iso27001.png?x88149)

  * [__](https://www.twitter.com/metaco_sa "Twitter: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")
  * [__](https://www.linkedin.com/company/metaco-ag/ "Linkedin: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")
  * [__](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC4MLOKnJD9bXfHVXMnHM7ow "Youtube: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")
  * [__](https://open.spotify.com/show/0IiI7iftR3F3RqinfJbpRT "Spotify: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")

© 2015-2024 - Metaco SA - All Rights Reserved |[ Terms & Conditions](https://www.metaco.com/terms-conditions/) | [Privacy Policy](https://www.metaco.com/privacy-policy/) | [Cookie policy](https://www.metaco.com/cookie-policy/)

