Skip to main content

[](/en/)

  * Learn
  * Use
  * Build
  * Participate
  * Research

Search```K`

Languages EN

Change page

[Overview](/en/developers/docs/)

Foundational topics

[Intro to Ethereum](/en/developers/docs/intro-to-ethereum/)

[Intro to Ether](/en/developers/docs/intro-to-ether/)

[Intro to dapps](/en/developers/docs/dapps/)

[Web2 vs Web3](/en/developers/docs/web2-vs-web3/)

[Accounts](/en/developers/docs/accounts/)

[Transactions](/en/developers/docs/transactions/)

[Blocks](/en/developers/docs/blocks/)

[Ethereum virtual machine (EVM)](/en/developers/docs/evm/)

[Opcodes](/en/developers/docs/evm/opcodes/)

[Gas](/en/developers/docs/gas/)

[Nodes and clients](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/)

[Run a node](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/run-a-node/)

[Client diversity](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/client-diversity/)

[Nodes as a service](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/nodes-as-a-
service/)

[Node architecture](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/node-architecture/)

[Light clients](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/light-clients/)

[Archive nodes](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/archive-nodes/)

[Bootnodes](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/bootnodes/)

[Networks](/en/developers/docs/networks/)

[Consensus mechanisms](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/)

[Proof-of-work](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pow/)

[Mining](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pow/mining/)

[Mining algorithms](/en/developers/docs/consensus-
mechanisms/pow/mining/mining-algorithms/)

[Dagger-Hashimoto](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pow/mining/mining-
algorithms/dagger-hashimoto/)

[Ethash](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pow/mining/mining-
algorithms/ethash/)

[Proof-of-stake](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/)

[Gasper](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/gasper/)

[Weak subjectivity](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/weak-
subjectivity/)

[Attestations](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/attestations/)

[PoS rewards and penalties](/en/developers/docs/consensus-
mechanisms/pos/rewards-and-penalties/)

[PoS attack and defense](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/attack-
and-defense/)

[Keys](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/keys/)

[Proof-of-stake versus proof-of-work](/en/developers/docs/consensus-
mechanisms/pos/pos-vs-pow/)

[Block proposal](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/block-proposal/)

[Proof-of-stake FAQs](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/faqs/)

[Proof-of-authority](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/poa/)

Ethereum stack

[Intro to the stack](/en/developers/docs/ethereum-stack/)

[Smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/)

[Smart contract languages](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/languages/)

[Smart contract anatomy](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/anatomy/)

[Smart contracts libraries](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/libraries/)

[Testing smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/testing/)

[Compiling smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/compiling/)

[Deploying smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/deploying/)

[Verifying smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/verifying/)

[Upgrading smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/upgrading/)

[Smart contract security](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/security/)

[Smart contract formal verification](/en/developers/docs/smart-
contracts/formal-verification/)

[Composability](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/composability/)

[Development networks](/en/developers/docs/development-networks/)

[Development frameworks](/en/developers/docs/frameworks/)

Ethereum client APIs

[JavaScript APIs](/en/developers/docs/apis/javascript/)

[Backend APIs](/en/developers/docs/apis/backend/)

[JSON-RPC](/en/developers/docs/apis/json-rpc/)

[Data and analytics](/en/developers/docs/data-and-analytics/)

[Block explorers](/en/developers/docs/data-and-analytics/block-explorers/)

[Storage](/en/developers/docs/storage/)

[Integrated Development Environments (IDEs)](/en/developers/docs/ides/)

[Programming languages](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/)

[Dart](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/dart/)

[Delphi](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/delphi/)

[.NET](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/dot-net/)

[Golang](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/golang/)

[Java](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/java/)

[JavaScript](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/javascript/)

[Python](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/python/)

[Ruby](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/ruby/)

[Rust](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/rust/)

Advanced

[Bridges](/en/developers/docs/bridges/)

[Standards](/en/developers/docs/standards/)

[Token standards](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/)

[ERC-20: Fungible Tokens](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/erc-20/)

[ERC-721: NFTs](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/erc-721/)

[ERC-777](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/erc-777/)

[ERC-1155](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/erc-1155/)

[ERC-4626](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/erc-4626/)

[Maximal extractable value (MEV)](/en/developers/docs/mev/)

[Oracles](/en/developers/docs/oracles/)

[Scaling](/en/developers/docs/scaling/)

[Optimistic rollups](/en/developers/docs/scaling/optimistic-rollups/)

[Zero-knowledge rollups](/en/developers/docs/scaling/zk-rollups/)

[State channels](/en/developers/docs/scaling/state-channels/)

[Sidechains](/en/developers/docs/scaling/sidechains/)

[Plasma](/en/developers/docs/scaling/plasma/)

[Validium](/en/developers/docs/scaling/validium/)

[Data availability](/en/developers/docs/data-availability/)

[Networking layer](/en/developers/docs/networking-layer/)

[Network addresses](/en/developers/docs/networking-layer/network-addresses/)

[Portal Network](/en/developers/docs/networking-layer/portal-network/)

[Data structures and encoding](/en/developers/docs/data-structures-and-
encoding/)

[Patricia Merkle Trie](/en/developers/docs/data-structures-and-
encoding/patricia-merkle-trie/)

[Recursive-length prefix (RLP)](/en/developers/docs/data-structures-and-
encoding/rlp/)

[Simple serialize (SSZ)](/en/developers/docs/data-structures-and-
encoding/ssz/)

[Web3 secret storage definition](/en/developers/docs/data-structures-and-
encoding/web3-secret-storage/)

Design fundamentals

[Intro to design and UX](/en/developers/docs/design-and-ux/)

# Light clients

A

Last edit: [@AaronChen0(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/AaronChen0),
March 5, 2024

See contributors

On this page

  * What is a light client
  * How do light clients work?
  * Why are light clients important?
  * What innovations do light clients enable?
  * What is the current state of light client development?
  * Further reading

Running a full node is the most trustless, private, decentralized and
censorship resistant way to interact with Ethereum. With a full node you keep
your own copy of the blockchain that you can query instantly and you get
direct access to Ethereum's peer-to-peer network. However, running a full node
requires a significant amount of memory, storage and CPU. This means it is not
feasible for everyone to run their own node. There are several solutions to
this on the Ethereum roadmap, including statelessness, but they are several
years away from being implemented. The answer in the near-term is to trade-off
some of the benefits of running a full node for large performance improvements
that allow nodes to run with very low hardware requirements. Nodes that make
this trade-off are known as light nodes.

## What is a light client

A light node is a node running light client software. Instead of keeping local
copies of the blockchain data and independently verifying all the changes,
they request the necessary data from some provider instead. The provider might
be a direct connection to a full node or via some centralized RPC server. The
data is then verified by the light node, allowing it to keep up with the head
of the chain. The light node only processes block headers, only occasionally
downloading the actual block contents. Nodes can vary in their lightness,
depending upon the combinations of light and full client software they run.
For example, the lightest configuration would be to run a light execution
client and a light consensus client. It is also likely that many nodes will
choose to run light consensus clients with full execution clients, or vice
versa.

## How do light clients work?

When Ethereum started using a proof-of-stake based consensus mechanism, new
infrastructure was introduced specifically to support light clients. The way
it works is by randomly selecting a subset of 512 validators every 1.1 days to
act as a **sync committee**. The sync committee signs the header of recent
blocks. Each block header contains the aggregated signature of the validators
in the sync committee and a "bitfield" that shows which validators signed and
which did not. Each header also includes a list of validators expected to
participate in signing the next block. This means a light client can quickly
see that the sync committee has signed off on the data they receive, and they
can also check that the sync committee is the genuine one by comparing the one
they receive from the one they were told to expect in the previous block. In
this way, the light client can keep updating its knowledge of the latest
Ethereum block without actually downloading the block itself, just the header
which contains summary information.

On the execution layer there is no single specification for a light execution
client. The scope of a light execution client can vary from a "light mode" of
a full execution client that has all the EVM and networking functionality of a
full node but only verifies block headers, without downloading the associated
data, or it can be a more stripped down client that relies heavily upon
forwarding requests to an RPC provider to interact with Ethereum.

## Why are light clients important?

Light clients matter because they allow users to verify incoming data rather
than blindly trusting that their data provider is correct and honest, while
using just a tiny fraction of the computational resources of a full node. The
data light clients receive can be checked against block headers that they know
have been signed by at least 2/3 of a random set of 512 Ethereum validators.
This is very strong evidence that the data is correct.

The light client only uses a tiny amount of computing power, memory and
storage so it can be run on a mobile phone, embedded in an app or as part of a
browser. Light clients are a way to make trust-minimized access to Ethereum
just as frictionless as trusting a third-party provider.

Let's take a simple example. Imagine you want to check your account balance.
To do this you have to make a request to an Ethereum node. That node will
check its local copy of the Ethereum state for your balance and return it to
you. If you don't have direct access to a node, there are centralized
operators that provide this data as a service. You can send a request to them,
they check their node, and send the result back to you. The problem with this
is that you then have to trust the provider to be giving you the correct
information. You can never really know the information is correct if you can't
verify it for yourself.

A light client addresses this issue. You still request data from some external
provider, but when you receive the data back it comes with a proof that your
light node can check against the information it received in the block header.
This means Ethereum is verifying the correctness of your data instead of some
trusted operator.

## What innovations do light clients enable?

The primary benefit of light clients is enabling more people to access
Ethereum independently with negligible hardware requirements and minimal
reliance on third parties. This is good for users because they can verify
their own data and it is good for the network because it increases the number
and diversity of nodes that are verifying the chain.

The ability to run Ethereum nodes on devices with very small storage, memory
and processing power is one of the major areas of innovation unlocked by light
clients. Whereas today Ethereum nodes require a lot of computing resources,
light clients could be embedded into browsers, run on mobile phones and
perhaps even smaller devices such as smart watches. This means Ethereum
wallets with embedded clients could run on a mobile phone. This means mobile
wallets could be much more decentralized as they wouldn't have to trust
centralized data providers for their data.

An extension of this is enabling **internet of things (IoT)** devices. A light
client could be used to quickly prove ownership of some token balance or NFT,
with all the security guarantees provided by the sync committees, triggering
some action on an IoT network. Imagine a [bicycle rental service(opens in a
new tab)](https://youtu.be/ZHNrAXf3RDE?t=929) that uses an app with an
embedded light client to quickly verify that you own the rental service's NFT
and if so, unlocks a bicycle for you to ride away on!

Ethereum rollups would also benefit from light clients. One of the big
problems for rollups has been hacks targeting the bridges that allow funds to
transfer from Ethereum Mainnet to a rollup. One vulnerability is the oracles
that rollups use to detect that a user has made a deposit into the bridge. If
an oracle feeds bad data, they could trick the rollup into thinking there was
a deposit to the bridge and to incorrectly release funds. A light client
embedded in the rollup could be used to protect against corrupted oracles
because the deposit into the bridge could come with a proof that can be
verified by the rollup before releasing any tokens. The same concept could
also be applied to other interchain bridges.

Light clients could also be used to upgrade Ethereum wallets. Instead of
trusting data provided from an RPC provider, your wallet could directly verify
the data being presented to you using an embedded light client. This would add
security to your wallet. If your RPC provider was dishonest and provided you
with incorrect data, the embedded light client could tell you!

## What is the current state of light client development?

There are several light clients in development, including execution, consensus
and combined execution/consensus light clients. These are the light client
implementations we know of at the time of writing this page:

  * [Lodestar(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/ChainSafe/lodestar/tree/unstable/packages/light-client): consensus light client in TypeScript
  * [Helios(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/a16z/helios): combined execution and consensus light client in Rust
  * [Geth(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/ethereum/go-ethereum/tree/master/light): light mode for execution client (in development) in Go
  * [Nimbus(opens in a new tab)](https://nimbus.guide/el-light-client.html): consensus light client in Nim

To our knowledge none of these are considered production-ready yet.

There is also a lot of work being done to improve the ways that light clients
can access Ethereum data. Currently, light clients rely on RPC requests to
full nodes using a client/server model, but in the future the data could be
requested in a more decentralized way using a dedicated network such as the
[Portal Network(opens in a new tab)](https://www.ethportal.net/) that could
serve the data to light clients using a peer-to-peer gossip protocol.

Other [roadmap](/en/roadmap/) items such as [Verkle trees](/en/roadmap/verkle-
trees/) and [statelessness](/en/roadmap/statelessness/) will eventually bring
the security guarantees of light clients equal to those of full clients.

## Further reading

  * [Zsolt Felfodhi on Geth light clients(opens in a new tab)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EPZeFXau-RE)
  * [Etan Kissling on light client networking(opens in a new tab)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=85MeiMA4dD8)
  * [Etan Kissling on light clients after The Merge(opens in a new tab)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZHNrAXf3RDE)
  * [Piper Merriam: The winding road to functional light clients(opens in a new tab)](https://snakecharmers.ethereum.org/the-winding-road-to-functional-light-clients/)

back-to-top ↑

### Was this article helpful?

YesNo

![👈](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f448.svg)

Previous

[Node architecture](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/node-architecture/)

![👉](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f449.svg)

Next

[Archive nodes](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/archive-nodes/)

  * [Edit page(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/ethereum/ethereum-org-website/tree/dev/public/content/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/light-clients/index.md)
  * On this page

    * What is a light client
    * How do light clients work?
    * Why are light clients important?
    * What innovations do light clients enable?
    * What is the current state of light client development?
    * Further reading

Website last updated: May 22, 2024

[(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/ethereum/ethereum-org-
website)[(opens in a new tab)](https://twitter.com/ethdotorg)[(opens in a new
tab)](https://discord.gg/ethereum-org)

### Learn

  * [Learn Hub](/en/learn/)
  * [What is Ethereum?](/en/what-is-ethereum/)
  * [What is ether (ETH)?](/en/eth/)
  * [Ethereum wallets](/en/wallets/)
  * [What is Web3?](/en/web3/)
  * [Smart contracts](/en/smart-contracts/)
  * [Gas fees](/en/gas/)
  * [Run a node](/en/run-a-node/)
  * [Ethereum security and scam prevention](/en/security/)
  * [Quiz Hub](/en/quizzes/)
  * [Ethereum glossary](/en/glossary/)

### Use

  * [Guides](/en/guides/)
  * [Choose your wallet](/en/wallets/find-wallet/)
  * [Get ETH](/en/get-eth/)
  * [Dapps - Decentralized applications](/en/dapps/)
  * [Stablecoins](/en/stablecoins/)
  * [NFTs - Non-fungible tokens](/en/nft/)
  * [DeFi - Decentralized finance](/en/defi/)
  * [DAOs - Decentralized autonomous organizations](/en/dao/)
  * [Decentralized identity](/en/decentralized-identity/)
  * [Stake ETH](/en/staking/)
  * [Layer 2](/en/layer-2/)

### Build

  * [Builder's home](/en/developers/)
  * [Tutorials](/en/developers/tutorials/)
  * [Documentation](/en/developers/docs/)
  * [Learn by coding](/en/developers/learning-tools/)
  * [Set up local environment](/en/developers/local-environment/)
  * [Grants](/en/community/grants/)
  * [Foundational topics](/en/developers/docs/intro-to-ethereum/)
  * [UX/UI design fundamentals](/en/developers/docs/design-and-ux/)
  * [Enterprise - Mainnet Ethereum](/en/enterprise/)
  * [Enterprise - Private Ethereum](/en/enterprise/private-ethereum/)

### Participate

  * [Community hub](/en/community/)
  * [Online communities](/en/community/online/)
  * [Ethereum events](/en/community/events/)
  * [Contributing to ethereum.org](/en/contributing/)
  * [Translation Program](/en/contributing/translation-program/)
  * [Ethereum bug bounty program](/en/bug-bounty/)
  * [Ethereum Foundation](/en/foundation/)
  * [Ethereum Foundation Blog(opens in a new tab)](https://blog.ethereum.org/)
  * [Ecosystem Support Program(opens in a new tab)](https://esp.ethereum.foundation)
  * [Devcon(opens in a new tab)](https://devcon.org/)

### Research

  * [Ethereum Whitepaper](/en/whitepaper/)
  * [Ethereum roadmap](/en/roadmap/)
  * [Improved security](/en/roadmap/security/)
  * [Technical history of Ethereum](/en/history/)
  * [Open research](/en/community/research/)
  * [Ethereum Improvement Proposals](/en/eips/)
  * [Ethereum governance](/en/governance/)

  * [About us](/en/about/)
  * [Ethereum brand assets](/en/assets/)
  * [Code of conduct](/en/community/code-of-conduct/)
  * [Jobs](/en/about/#open-jobs)
  * [Privacy policy](/en/privacy-policy/)
  * [Terms of use](/en/terms-of-use/)
  * [Cookie policy](/en/cookie-policy/)
  * [Press Contact(opens in a new tab)](mailto:press@ethereum.org)

Is this page helpful?

