[](https://www.binance.com/en)

[Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/crypto/buy)

[Markets](https://www.binance.com/en/markets/overview)

Trade

Basic

  * [SpotBuy and sell on the Spot market with advanced tools](https://www.binance.com/en/trade/BTC_USDT?type=spot)
  * [MarginIncrease your profits with leverage](https://www.binance.com/en/trade?type=cross)
  * [P2PBuy & sell cryptocurrencies using bank transfer and 800+ options](https://p2p.binance.com/en)
  * [Convert & Block TradeThe easiest way to trade at all sizes](https://www.binance.com/en/convert)

Advanced

  * [Trading BotsTrade smarter with our various automated strategies - easy, fast and reliable](https://www.binance.com/en/trading-bots)
  * [Copy TradingFollow the most popular traders](https://www.binance.com/en/copy-trading)
  * [APIsUnlimited opportunities with one key](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-api)

[Futures](https://www.binance.com/en/futures/home)

  * [USDⓈ-M FuturesContracts settled in USDT and USDC](https://www.binance.com/en/futures)
  * [COIN-M FuturesContracts settled in cryptocurrency](https://www.binance.com/en/delivery)
  * [OptionsUSDT Options with limited downside and affordable entry](https://www.binance.com/en/eoptions)

[Earn](https://www.binance.com/en/earn)

[Square](https://www.binance.com/en/square)

  * [SquareStay informed with everything crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/square)
  * [Academy (Learn & Earn)Earn crypto by learning about blockchain](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn)
  * [BlogExpand your knowledge and get the latest insights](https://www.binance.com/en/blog)
  * [ResearchInstitutional-grade analysis, in-depth insights, and more](https://www.binance.com/en/research)

More

  * [VIP & InstitutionalYour trusted digital asset platform for VIPs and institutions](https://www.binance.com/en/vip-institutional-services)
  * [Launchpad & LaunchpoolDiscover and gain access to new token launches](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)
  * [MegadropLock your BNB and complete Web3 quests for boosted airdrop rewards](https://www.binance.com/en/megadrop)
  * [Mining PoolMine more rewards by connecting to the pool](https://pool.binance.com/en)
  * [PaySend, receive and spend crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/payment)
  * [LoansGet an instant loan secured by crypto assets](https://www.binance.com/en/loan)

  * [NFTExplore NFTs from creators worldwide](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/home)
  * [Fan TokenDiscover an all-new fandom and unlock unlimited fan experiences](https://www.binance.com/en/fan-token)
  * [Web3 WalletMeet the next-generation Web3 wallet](https://www.binance.com/en/web3wallet)
  * [BNB ChainThe most popular blockchain to build your own dApp](https://www.bnbchain.org)
  * [CharityBlockchain empowers charity to be more transparent, efficient, and traceable](https://www.binance.charity)

##### [Binance Blog](/blog)

# Do You Buy Crypto with Card or through Fiat Deposit - What's the Difference?

2024-03-06

## Main Takeaways

  * At Binance, there are different options available for buying cryptocurrencies. 

  * If you're looking for a quick and efficient way to make your cryptocurrency purchases, you should consider using a debit/credit card or making card deposits.

  * Learn how to buy crypto with a card and how it is different from funding your fiat wallet using card deposits 

_Products and services referred to here may not be available in your region._

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20240306/2728206f-1a83-4560-ac19-69c267d97eae)

Direct card purchases help you buy cryptocurrencies at real-time prices. This
option is great for when you think the best price for buying crypto is right
now. However, if you want to build up your fiat balance for buying and
trading, use card deposits. With cash in your fiat balance, you can wait until
you find the most desirable price before you make a purchase.

## Buying Cryptocurrency With a Card

This simply involves buying cryptocurrencies with your regular debit or credit
card. It is a fast, secure, and efficient way to make cryptocurrency payments.
You don't need to get a special card to complete transactions. Your regular
Visa can do the trick.

### 5 Steps to Buy Crypto with Credit/Debit Card

  * Step One: 

Visit Binance.com or use the Binance app and create an account if you don't
already have one.

  * Step Two: 

Complete the identity verification process for unlimited access to all Binance
services.

  * Step Three: 

Click on**[Buy Crypto]** on the top left of the menu bar.

  * Step Four: 

elect the amount you want to purchase, the local currency, and the
cryptocurrency you want to buy. You will find various payment methods
available including **Card(Visa), Google Pay, Apple Pay, and other e-wallet
payment methods**.

  * Step Five: Click on buy BTC, USDT, or any other cryptocurrency, and choose your preferred payment methods in the popup window. Confirm your order and complete the transaction. You can go to your wallet to see the cryptocurrency.

## Benefits of Buying Crypto With a Debit or Credit Card

  * Secure: You cannot buy any crypto without your card details and no one else can use your details for their account.

  * Easy and fast: The steps listed above can be completed in less than five minutes if you already have a verified Binance account. Also, Binance is easy to navigate. You don't need to be a tech guru to complete your purchase. Besides, you've probably completed several card transactions so the process will be familiar.

  * Seamless Transactions: Fiat is deposited directly from your bank or credit card company. You don't need to fill the card with money first before you can buy cryptocurrencies. This saves time and makes the transaction seamless.

  * Several Options: Binance has debit/credit card payments in several countries and it's adding more at intervals especially when compared to card deposits.

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20240306/d9fdf6c8-e262-44e1-b313-a7779868666e)

## Buying Cryptocurrency by Using Your Card for Fiat Deposit

When you add funds to your fiat wallet through your card you will need a Visa.
However, you cannot buy cryptocurrencies directly as with card payments. You
have to make fiat deposits into your Binance account first before you can use
it to make the cryptocurrency purchase. It takes a little more time to get
your cryptocurrencies when your cash balance is empty. However, it is an
excellent option for frequent buyers who prefer making bulk deposits.

### 5 Steps to Deposit Fiat With Credit/Debit Card

  * Step One: 

Log into your Binance account through the mobile app or web page. If you don't
have one, create one and verify it.

  * Step Two: 

Click on **[Buy Crypto]** on the top left of the menu bar and then
select**[Deposit]**. .

  * Step Three: 

Enter your Visa card number and choose a payment method to proceed. You will
also need to add your billing address.

  * Step Four: 

In the coming popup window, enter the total amount you want to deposit,
visually confirm the details above and click on the confirm button.

  * Step Five: 

At this point, your money should have been deposited into your Binance fiat
balance. So, when you want to buy cryptocurrencies, choose the fiat balance
option.

### Benefits of Buying Crypto With Fiat Wallet Funded by Card Deposit

  * On-demand Value: When you have a fiat deposit, you don't need to add your card details every time you want to buy crypto. Simply use your existing fiat balance.

  * Security: You cannot make any deposits without your card details and no one else can use your details for their account.

  * Seamless: Compared to a bank transfer, this option is seamless. You will save time and energy whenever you want to top up your fiat balance.

  * Fast and Convenient: Binance crypto purchases with card deposits are usually fast and don't limit you to paying for real-time prices.

  * More Options: A card deposit may not have as many options as card purchases, but it is eligible in more countries compared to a bank deposit.

## Bottomline

Both card purchases and card deposits are efficient, convenient, and safe. The
one you choose should depend on which method is available in your country and
what you intend to achieve. The fastest of both options is the debit and
credit card purchase.

Direct card purchases help you buy cryptocurrencies at real-time prices. If
you want to build up your fiat balance for buying and trading, use card
deposits to top up your fiat wallet. With cash in your fiat balance, you can
wait until you find the most desirable price before you make a purchase.

Ready to buy cryptocurrencies? Kickstart your cryptocurrency journey with
Binance

Get started by signing up for a [_Binance.com
account_](https://www.binance.com/en/register?ref=VJ9G6UC4?utm_source=blog&utm_medium=copy&utm_term=cta-
blog&utm_content=binance&utm_campaign=en-register) or download the [_Binance
crypto trading
app_](https://www.binance.com/en/download?ref=VJ9G6UC4?utm_source=blog&utm_medium=copy&utm_term=cta-
blog&utm_content=app&utm_campaign=en-binance-app). Next, [_verify your
account_](https://www.binance.com/en/my/settings/profile) to increase your
crypto purchase limit. After you have verified your account, you can buy
crypto with cash from Binance via bank transfer or card channels.

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20240306/98f03c56-b13a-4e2c-9c39-0cbb4685de66)

_Disclaimer: Cryptocurrency investment is subject to high market risk. Binance
is not responsible for any of your trading losses. The opinions and statements
made above should not be considered financial advice._

Read the following helpful articles for more information:

  * (Support) [_How to complete Identity Verification?  _](https://www.binance.com/en/support/faq/360027287111)

  * (Support) [_How to Buy Crypto with Debit/Credit Card on the Website_](https://www.binance.com/en/support/faq/8df758a570ba4d18941f38423f63aae5) and the [_App_](https://www.binance.com/en/support/faq/7a795b5916db4a3ea57c1a1208e19581)

  * (Support) [_How to Buy Crypto with Cash/Bank Transfer_](https://www.binance.com/en/support/faq/c-66?navId=66#/66/75)

  * (Blog) [_How to Diversify Your Crypto Portfolio?_](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/421499824684902009/exploring-altcoins-alternative-token-investment-strategies)

Like this post

###### Share Post

Article Outlines

Do You Buy Crypto with Card or through Fiat Deposit - What's the Difference?

Main Takeaways

Buying Cryptocurrency With a Card

Benefits of Buying Crypto With a Debit or Credit Card

Buying Cryptocurrency by Using Your Card for Fiat Deposit

Bottomline

### Community

[](https://discord.gg/jE4wt8g2H2)[](https://www.binance.com/en/community)[](https://www.tiktok.com/@binance?lang=en)[](https://www.facebook.com/binance)[](https://twitter.com/binance)[](https://www.reddit.com/r/binance)[](https://www.instagram.com/Binance/)[](https://coinmarketcap.com/exchanges/binance/)[](https://www.youtube.com/binanceyoutube)[](https://www.binance.com/en/community)

USD-$

USD-$

AED-د.إ

ARS-ARS$

AUD-A$

BDT-৳

BGN-лв

BHD-.د.ب

BOB-$b

BRL-R$

CAD-C$

CHF-CHF

CNY-¥

COP-COL$

CZK-Kč

DKK-KR

EGP-E£

EUR-€

GBP-£

HKD-HKD

HRK-kn

HUF-Ft

IDR-Rp

INR-₹

JPY-¥

KES-KSh

KWD-ك.د

KZT-₸

MAD-م.د.

MNT-₮

MXN-Mex$

NZD-NZ$

OMR-ر.ع.

PEN-S/.

PHP-₱

PKR-₨

PLN-zł

QAR-ر.ق

RON-lei

RUB-₽

SAR-ر.س

SEK-kr

THB-฿

TRY-₺

TWD-NT$

UAH-₴

UGX-USh

VES-Bs

VND-₫

ZAR-R

Theme

USD

Theme

### About Us

  * [About](https://www.binance.com/en/about)
  * [Careers](https://www.binance.com/en/careers)
  * [Announcements](https://www.binance.com/en/support/announcement)
  * [News](https://www.binance.com/en/square/news/all)
  * [Press](https://www.binance.com/en/press)
  * [Legal](https://www.binance.com/en/legal/home)
  * [Terms](https://www.binance.com/en/terms)
  * [Privacy](https://www.binance.com/en/about-legal/privacy-portal)
  * [Building Trust](https://www.binance.com/en/land/building_trust)
  * [Blog](https://www.binance.com/en/blog)
  * [Community](https://www.binance.com/en/community)
  * [Sitemap](https://www.binance.com/en/country-region-selector)
  * [Risk Warning](https://www.binance.com/en/risk-warning)
  * [Notices](https://www.binance.com/en/support/list/notices)
  * [Downloads](https://www.binance.com/en/download)
  * [Desktop Application](https://www.binance.com/en/desktop-download)

### Products

  * [Exchange](https://www.binance.com/en/trade)
  * [Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/buy-sell-crypto)
  * [Leveraged Tokens](https://www.binance.com/en/leveraged-tokens/tokens/allTokens)
  * [TradingView](https://www.binance.com/en/land/tradingview)
  * [Pay](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/payment)
  * [Academy](https://academy.binance.com/en)
  * [Live](https://www.binance.com/en/live)
  * [Tax](https://www.binance.com/en/tax)
  * [Gift Card](https://www.binance.com/en/gift-card)
  * [Launchpad & Launchpool](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)
  * [Auto-Invest](https://www.binance.com/en/auto-invest)
  * [ETH Staking](https://www.binance.com/en/eth2)
  * [NFT](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/home)
  * [BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/bnb)
  * [BABT](https://www.binance.com/en/BABT?source=footer)
  * [Research](https://www.binance.com/en/research)
  * [Charity](https://www.binance.charity)

### Business

  * [P2P Merchant Application](https://c2c.binance.com/en/merchantApplication)
  * [P2Pro Merchant Application](https://p2p.binance.com/en/p2pro)
  * [Listing Application](https://www.binance.com/en/my/coin-apply)
  * [Institutional & VIP Services](https://www.binance.com/en/vip-institutional-services)
  * [Labs](https://labs.binance.com/)

### Learn

  * [Learn & Earn](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn)
  * [Browse Crypto Prices](https://www.binance.com/en/price)
  * [Bitcoin Price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/bitcoin)
  * [Ethereum Price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/ethereum)
  * [Browse Crypto Price Predictions](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction)
  * [Bitcoin Price Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction/bitcoin)
  * [Ethereum Price Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction/ethereum)
  * [Buy Bitcoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bitcoin)
  * [Buy BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bnb)
  * [Buy Ripple](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/xrp)
  * [Buy Dogecoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/dogecoin)
  * [Buy Ethereum](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/ethereum)
  * [Buy Tradable Altcoins](https://www.binance.com/en/altcoins/tradable)

### Service

  * [Affiliate](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/affiliate)
  * [Referral](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/referral?utm_source=Lite_web_footer)
  * [OTC Trading](https://www.binance.com/en/otc)
  * [Historical Market Data](https://www.binance.com/en/landing/data)
  * [Proof of Reserves](https://www.binance.com/en/proof-of-reserves)

### Support

  * [24/7 Chat Support](https://www.binance.com/en/chat?sourceEntry=4)
  * [Support Center](https://www.binance.com/en/support)
  * [Product Feedback & Suggestions](https://www.binance.com/en/my/user-support/feedback/entry)
  * [Fees](https://www.binance.com/en/fee/schedule)
  * [APIs](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-api)
  * [Binance Verify](https://www.binance.com/en/official-verification)
  * [Trading Rules](https://www.binance.com/en/trade-rule)
  * [Binance Airdrop Portal](https://www.binance.com/en/airdrop)
  * [Law Enforcement Requests](https://www.binance.com/en/support/law-enforcement)

Binance© 2024Cookie Preferences

