Skip to main content

[](/en/)

  * Learn
  * Use
  * Build
  * Participate
  * Research

Search```K`

Languages EN

  1. [Home](/en/)/
  2. [Contributing](/en/contributing/)/
  3. [Translation Program](/en/contributing/translation-program/)

Page last updated: May 21, 2024

On this page

  * Help us translate
  * About the Translation Program
    * Our progress so far
    * Acknowledgements
      * Certificate
      * OATs
      * Translator acknowledgements
      * Rewards
    * Guides and resources
  * Get in touch
  * Starting your own translation program

# Translation Program

The Translation Program is a collaborative effort to translate ethereum.org
into different languages in order to make the website more accessible to
billions of non-English speakers around the world.

[![](/_next/image/?url=%2Fcontent%2Fcontributing%2Ftranslation-
program%2Fenterprise-eth.png&w=1920&q=75)](/content/contributing/translation-
program/enterprise-eth.png)

## Help us translate

The ethereum.org Translation Program is open and anyone can contribute!

  1. You will need to log in to your Crowdin account or sign up.
  2. Select the language you want to contribute to.
  3. Before starting, please check out the [How to translate](/en/contributing/translation-program/how-to-translate/) guide to learn how to use Crowdin, and the [Translation Style Guide](/en/contributing/translation-program/translators-guide/) for tips and best practices.
  4. Machine translations will not be approved.
  5. All translations are reviewed before being added to the site, so there will be a short delay before your translations go live.

_Join the[ethereum.org Discord(opens in a new
tab)](https://ethereum.org/discord/) to collaborate on translations, ask
questions, share feedback and ideas, or join a translation group._

[Start translating(opens in a new tab)](https://crowdin.com/project/ethereum-
org/)

## About the Translation Program

The Ethereum community aims to be global and inclusive, yet much of its
content only caters to English speakers, leaving out the world's 6 billion
non-English speakers. For ethereum.org to act as the portal into Ethereum for
the worldwide community, we believe providing non-English speakers with
Ethereum content in their native languages is essential.

The ethereum.org Translation Program aims to make Ethereum accessible to
everyone by translating ethereum.org and other Ethereum content into as many
languages as possible.

Read more about the ethereum.org Translation Program [mission and
vision](/en/contributing/translation-program/mission-and-vision/).

### Our progress so far

  * [**6,000 +** translators](/en/contributing/translation-program/contributors/)
  * **62** languages live on site
  * [**3 million** words translated in 2023](/en/contributing/translation-program/acknowledgements/)

![](/_next/image/?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Fpageviews-
light.eb6831c6.png&w=1920&q=75)

### Acknowledgements

Ethereum.org is translated by thousands of community members and they are the
key part of the Translation Program. We want to acknowledge our translators
and support them on their career paths. Here are some of our translator
acknowledgements:

#### Certificate

If you have contributed to the Translation Program and at least 5,000 of your
translated words have been approved, you are eligible for an ethereum.org
translator certificate. [More on certificates](/en/contributing/translation-
program/acknowledgements/#certificate)

#### OATs

Contributors to the Translation Program are eligible for different OATs
(onchain achievement tokens) based on their number of translated words in
2024. OATs are NFTs that prove your contribution to the ethereum.org
Translation Program. [More on OATs](/en/contributing/translation-
program/acknowledgements/#oats)

#### Translator acknowledgements

Public acknowledgements of our top translators using
[leaderboards](/en/contributing/translation-program/acknowledgements/) and a
[list of all contributors to the Translation
Program](/en/contributing/translation-program/contributors/).

#### Rewards

In the past, we have retroactively rewarded our most active contributors with
tickets to Ethereum conferences like [Devcon(opens in a new
tab)](https://devcon.org/en/) and [Devconnect(opens in a new
tab)](https://devconnect.org/), as well as exclusive ethereum.org merch.

We're constantly thinking of new and innovative ways to reward our
contributors, so stay tuned!

### Guides and resources

If you are contributing to the Translation Program or thinking about getting
involved, you should check out the translation guides below:

  * [Translation Style Guide](/en/contributing/translation-program/translators-guide/) _– instructions and tips for ethereum.org translators_
  * [Translation FAQs](/en/contributing/translation-program/faq/) _– frequently asked questions and answers about the ethereum.org Translation Program_
  * [Crowdin online editor guide(opens in a new tab)](https://support.crowdin.com/online-editor/) _– an in-depth guide to using the Crowdin online editor and some of Crowdin's advanced features_
  * [Content buckets](/en/contributing/translation-program/content-buckets/) _– which pages are included in each content bucket of ethereum.org_

For other useful translation tools, translator communities and Translation
Program blog posts, please visit the [Resources
page](/en/contributing/translation-program/resources/).

## Get in touch

Do you have any questions? Or want to collaborate with our team and other
translators? Please post in the #translations channel of our [ethereum.org
Discord server(opens in a new tab)](https://discord.gg/ethereum-org)

You can also reach out to us at [translations@ethereum.org(opens in a new
tab)](mailto:translations@ethereum.org)

## Starting your own translation program

We are dedicated to translating Ethereum content into as many languages as
possible and making educational content available to everyone. In line with
our focus on translations, we want to help other Ethereum projects organize,
manage, and improve their own translation efforts.

For this reason, we have created a [Translation Program
playbook](/en/contributing/translation-program/playbook/) that contains some
tips and best practices we have picked up in the process of translating
ethereum.org.

Want to collaborate further or use some of our translation resources? Have any
feedback on the playbook? We would love to hear from you at
[translations@ethereum.org(opens in a new
tab)](mailto:translations@ethereum.org).

### Was this article helpful?

YesNo

  * [Edit page(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/ethereum/ethereum-org-website/tree/dev/public/content/contributing/translation-program/index.md)
  * On this page

    * Help us translate
    * About the Translation Program
      * Our progress so far
      * Acknowledgements
        * Certificate
        * OATs
        * Translator acknowledgements
        * Rewards
      * Guides and resources
    * Get in touch
    * Starting your own translation program

Website last updated: May 22, 2024

[(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/ethereum/ethereum-org-
website)[(opens in a new tab)](https://twitter.com/ethdotorg)[(opens in a new
tab)](https://discord.gg/ethereum-org)

### Learn

  * [Learn Hub](/en/learn/)
  * [What is Ethereum?](/en/what-is-ethereum/)
  * [What is ether (ETH)?](/en/eth/)
  * [Ethereum wallets](/en/wallets/)
  * [What is Web3?](/en/web3/)
  * [Smart contracts](/en/smart-contracts/)
  * [Gas fees](/en/gas/)
  * [Run a node](/en/run-a-node/)
  * [Ethereum security and scam prevention](/en/security/)
  * [Quiz Hub](/en/quizzes/)
  * [Ethereum glossary](/en/glossary/)

### Use

  * [Guides](/en/guides/)
  * [Choose your wallet](/en/wallets/find-wallet/)
  * [Get ETH](/en/get-eth/)
  * [Dapps - Decentralized applications](/en/dapps/)
  * [Stablecoins](/en/stablecoins/)
  * [NFTs - Non-fungible tokens](/en/nft/)
  * [DeFi - Decentralized finance](/en/defi/)
  * [DAOs - Decentralized autonomous organizations](/en/dao/)
  * [Decentralized identity](/en/decentralized-identity/)
  * [Stake ETH](/en/staking/)
  * [Layer 2](/en/layer-2/)

### Build

  * [Builder's home](/en/developers/)
  * [Tutorials](/en/developers/tutorials/)
  * [Documentation](/en/developers/docs/)
  * [Learn by coding](/en/developers/learning-tools/)
  * [Set up local environment](/en/developers/local-environment/)
  * [Grants](/en/community/grants/)
  * [Foundational topics](/en/developers/docs/intro-to-ethereum/)
  * [UX/UI design fundamentals](/en/developers/docs/design-and-ux/)
  * [Enterprise - Mainnet Ethereum](/en/enterprise/)
  * [Enterprise - Private Ethereum](/en/enterprise/private-ethereum/)

### Participate

  * [Community hub](/en/community/)
  * [Online communities](/en/community/online/)
  * [Ethereum events](/en/community/events/)
  * [Contributing to ethereum.org](/en/contributing/)
  * [Translation Program](/en/contributing/translation-program/)
  * [Ethereum bug bounty program](/en/bug-bounty/)
  * [Ethereum Foundation](/en/foundation/)
  * [Ethereum Foundation Blog(opens in a new tab)](https://blog.ethereum.org/)
  * [Ecosystem Support Program(opens in a new tab)](https://esp.ethereum.foundation)
  * [Devcon(opens in a new tab)](https://devcon.org/)

### Research

  * [Ethereum Whitepaper](/en/whitepaper/)
  * [Ethereum roadmap](/en/roadmap/)
  * [Improved security](/en/roadmap/security/)
  * [Technical history of Ethereum](/en/history/)
  * [Open research](/en/community/research/)
  * [Ethereum Improvement Proposals](/en/eips/)
  * [Ethereum governance](/en/governance/)

  * [About us](/en/about/)
  * [Ethereum brand assets](/en/assets/)
  * [Code of conduct](/en/community/code-of-conduct/)
  * [Jobs](/en/about/#open-jobs)
  * [Privacy policy](/en/privacy-policy/)
  * [Terms of use](/en/terms-of-use/)
  * [Cookie policy](/en/cookie-policy/)
  * [Press Contact(opens in a new tab)](mailto:press@ethereum.org)

Is this page helpful?

