Skip to main content

[](/en/)

  * Learn
  * Use
  * Build
  * Participate
  * Research

Search```K`

Languages EN

Change page

[Overview](/en/developers/docs/)

Foundational topics

[Intro to Ethereum](/en/developers/docs/intro-to-ethereum/)

[Intro to Ether](/en/developers/docs/intro-to-ether/)

[Intro to dapps](/en/developers/docs/dapps/)

[Web2 vs Web3](/en/developers/docs/web2-vs-web3/)

[Accounts](/en/developers/docs/accounts/)

[Transactions](/en/developers/docs/transactions/)

[Blocks](/en/developers/docs/blocks/)

[Ethereum virtual machine (EVM)](/en/developers/docs/evm/)

[Opcodes](/en/developers/docs/evm/opcodes/)

[Gas](/en/developers/docs/gas/)

[Nodes and clients](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/)

[Run a node](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/run-a-node/)

[Client diversity](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/client-diversity/)

[Nodes as a service](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/nodes-as-a-
service/)

[Node architecture](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/node-architecture/)

[Light clients](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/light-clients/)

[Archive nodes](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/archive-nodes/)

[Bootnodes](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/bootnodes/)

[Networks](/en/developers/docs/networks/)

[Consensus mechanisms](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/)

[Proof-of-work](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pow/)

[Mining](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pow/mining/)

[Mining algorithms](/en/developers/docs/consensus-
mechanisms/pow/mining/mining-algorithms/)

[Dagger-Hashimoto](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pow/mining/mining-
algorithms/dagger-hashimoto/)

[Ethash](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pow/mining/mining-
algorithms/ethash/)

[Proof-of-stake](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/)

[Gasper](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/gasper/)

[Weak subjectivity](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/weak-
subjectivity/)

[Attestations](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/attestations/)

[PoS rewards and penalties](/en/developers/docs/consensus-
mechanisms/pos/rewards-and-penalties/)

[PoS attack and defense](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/attack-
and-defense/)

[Keys](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/keys/)

[Proof-of-stake versus proof-of-work](/en/developers/docs/consensus-
mechanisms/pos/pos-vs-pow/)

[Block proposal](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/block-proposal/)

[Proof-of-stake FAQs](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/faqs/)

[Proof-of-authority](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/poa/)

Ethereum stack

[Intro to the stack](/en/developers/docs/ethereum-stack/)

[Smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/)

[Smart contract languages](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/languages/)

[Smart contract anatomy](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/anatomy/)

[Smart contracts libraries](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/libraries/)

[Testing smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/testing/)

[Compiling smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/compiling/)

[Deploying smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/deploying/)

[Verifying smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/verifying/)

[Upgrading smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/upgrading/)

[Smart contract security](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/security/)

[Smart contract formal verification](/en/developers/docs/smart-
contracts/formal-verification/)

[Composability](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/composability/)

[Development networks](/en/developers/docs/development-networks/)

[Development frameworks](/en/developers/docs/frameworks/)

Ethereum client APIs

[JavaScript APIs](/en/developers/docs/apis/javascript/)

[Backend APIs](/en/developers/docs/apis/backend/)

[JSON-RPC](/en/developers/docs/apis/json-rpc/)

[Data and analytics](/en/developers/docs/data-and-analytics/)

[Block explorers](/en/developers/docs/data-and-analytics/block-explorers/)

[Storage](/en/developers/docs/storage/)

[Integrated Development Environments (IDEs)](/en/developers/docs/ides/)

[Programming languages](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/)

[Dart](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/dart/)

[Delphi](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/delphi/)

[.NET](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/dot-net/)

[Golang](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/golang/)

[Java](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/java/)

[JavaScript](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/javascript/)

[Python](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/python/)

[Ruby](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/ruby/)

[Rust](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/rust/)

Advanced

[Bridges](/en/developers/docs/bridges/)

[Standards](/en/developers/docs/standards/)

[Token standards](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/)

[ERC-20: Fungible Tokens](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/erc-20/)

[ERC-721: NFTs](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/erc-721/)

[ERC-777](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/erc-777/)

[ERC-1155](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/erc-1155/)

[ERC-4626](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/erc-4626/)

[Maximal extractable value (MEV)](/en/developers/docs/mev/)

[Oracles](/en/developers/docs/oracles/)

[Scaling](/en/developers/docs/scaling/)

[Optimistic rollups](/en/developers/docs/scaling/optimistic-rollups/)

[Zero-knowledge rollups](/en/developers/docs/scaling/zk-rollups/)

[State channels](/en/developers/docs/scaling/state-channels/)

[Sidechains](/en/developers/docs/scaling/sidechains/)

[Plasma](/en/developers/docs/scaling/plasma/)

[Validium](/en/developers/docs/scaling/validium/)

[Data availability](/en/developers/docs/data-availability/)

[Networking layer](/en/developers/docs/networking-layer/)

[Network addresses](/en/developers/docs/networking-layer/network-addresses/)

[Portal Network](/en/developers/docs/networking-layer/portal-network/)

[Data structures and encoding](/en/developers/docs/data-structures-and-
encoding/)

[Patricia Merkle Trie](/en/developers/docs/data-structures-and-
encoding/patricia-merkle-trie/)

[Recursive-length prefix (RLP)](/en/developers/docs/data-structures-and-
encoding/rlp/)

[Simple serialize (SSZ)](/en/developers/docs/data-structures-and-
encoding/ssz/)

[Web3 secret storage definition](/en/developers/docs/data-structures-and-
encoding/web3-secret-storage/)

Design fundamentals

[Intro to design and UX](/en/developers/docs/design-and-ux/)

# ERC-721 Non-Fungible Token Standard

c

Last edit: [@corwintines(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/corwintines),
November 19, 2023

See contributors

On this page

  * Introduction
  * Prerequisites
  * Body
    * Methods
    * Events
    * Examples
  * Popular NFTs
  * Further reading

## Introduction

**What is a Non-Fungible Token?**

A Non-Fungible Token (NFT) is used to identify something or someone in a
unique way. This type of Token is perfect to be used on platforms that offer
collectible items, access keys, lottery tickets, numbered seats for concerts
and sports matches, etc. This special type of Token has amazing possibilities
so it deserves a proper Standard, the ERC-721 came to solve that!

**What is ERC-721?**

The ERC-721 introduces a standard for NFT, in other words, this type of Token
is unique and can have different value than another Token from the same Smart
Contract, maybe due to its age, rarity or even something else like its visual.
Wait, visual?

Yes! All NFTs have a `uint256` variable called `tokenId`, so for any ERC-721
Contract, the pair `contract address, uint256 tokenId` must be globally
unique. That said, a dapp can have a "converter" that uses the `tokenId` as
input and outputs an image of something cool, like zombies, weapons, skills or
amazing kitties!

## Prerequisites

  * [Accounts](/en/developers/docs/accounts/)
  * [Smart Contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/)
  * [Token standards](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/)

## Body

The ERC-721 (Ethereum Request for Comments 721), proposed by William Entriken,
Dieter Shirley, Jacob Evans, Nastassia Sachs in January 2018, is a Non-
Fungible Token Standard that implements an API for tokens within Smart
Contracts.

It provides functionalities like to transfer tokens from one account to
another, to get the current token balance of an account, to get the owner of a
specific token and also the total supply of the token available on the
network. Besides these it also has some other functionalities like to approve
that an amount of token from an account can be moved by a third party account.

If a Smart Contract implements the following methods and events it can be
called an ERC-721 Non-Fungible Token Contract and, once deployed, it will be
responsible to keep track of the created tokens on Ethereum.

From [EIP-721(opens in a new tab)](https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-721):

### Methods

    
    
    1    function balanceOf(address _owner) external view returns (uint256);
    
    2    function ownerOf(uint256 _tokenId) external view returns (address);
    
    3    function safeTransferFrom(address _from, address _to, uint256 _tokenId, bytes data) external payable;
    
    4    function safeTransferFrom(address _from, address _to, uint256 _tokenId) external payable;
    
    5    function transferFrom(address _from, address _to, uint256 _tokenId) external payable;
    
    6    function approve(address _approved, uint256 _tokenId) external payable;
    
    7    function setApprovalForAll(address _operator, bool _approved) external;
    
    8    function getApproved(uint256 _tokenId) external view returns (address);
    
    9    function isApprovedForAll(address _owner, address _operator) external view returns (bool);
    
    Show all
    
    ![ðŸ“‹](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f4cb.svg) Copy

### Events

    
    
    1    event Transfer(address indexed _from, address indexed _to, uint256 indexed _tokenId);
    
    2    event Approval(address indexed _owner, address indexed _approved, uint256 indexed _tokenId);
    
    3    event ApprovalForAll(address indexed _owner, address indexed _operator, bool _approved);
    
    ![ðŸ“‹](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f4cb.svg) Copy

### Examples

Let's see how a Standard is so important to make things simple for us to
inspect any ERC-721 Token Contract on Ethereum. We just need the Contract
Application Binary Interface (ABI) to create an interface to any ERC-721
Token. As you can see below we will use a simplified ABI, to make it a low
friction example.

#### Web3.py Example

First, make sure you have installed [Web3.py(opens in a new
tab)](https://web3py.readthedocs.io/en/stable/quickstart.html#installation)
Python library:

    
    
    1pip install web3
    
    
    1from web3 import Web3
    
    2from web3._utils.events import get_event_data
    
    3
    
    4
    
    5w3 = Web3(Web3.HTTPProvider("https://cloudflare-eth.com"))
    
    6
    
    7ck_token_addr = "0x06012c8cf97BEaD5deAe237070F9587f8E7A266d"    # CryptoKitties Contract
    
    8
    
    9acc_address = "0xb1690C08E213a35Ed9bAb7B318DE14420FB57d8C"      # CryptoKitties Sales Auction
    
    10
    
    11# This is a simplified Contract Application Binary Interface (ABI) of an ERC-721 NFT Contract.
    
    12# It will expose only the methods: balanceOf(address), name(), ownerOf(tokenId), symbol(), totalSupply()
    
    13simplified_abi = [
    
    14    {
    
    15        'inputs': [{'internalType': 'address', 'name': 'owner', 'type': 'address'}],
    
    16        'name': 'balanceOf',
    
    17        'outputs': [{'internalType': 'uint256', 'name': '', 'type': 'uint256'}],
    
    18        'payable': False, 'stateMutability': 'view', 'type': 'function', 'constant': True
    
    19    },
    
    20    {
    
    21        'inputs': [],
    
    22        'name': 'name',
    
    23        'outputs': [{'internalType': 'string', 'name': '', 'type': 'string'}],
    
    24        'stateMutability': 'view', 'type': 'function', 'constant': True
    
    25    },
    
    26    {
    
    27        'inputs': [{'internalType': 'uint256', 'name': 'tokenId', 'type': 'uint256'}],
    
    28        'name': 'ownerOf',
    
    29        'outputs': [{'internalType': 'address', 'name': '', 'type': 'address'}],
    
    30        'payable': False, 'stateMutability': 'view', 'type': 'function', 'constant': True
    
    31    },
    
    32    {
    
    33        'inputs': [],
    
    34        'name': 'symbol',
    
    35        'outputs': [{'internalType': 'string', 'name': '', 'type': 'string'}],
    
    36        'stateMutability': 'view', 'type': 'function', 'constant': True
    
    37    },
    
    38    {
    
    39        'inputs': [],
    
    40        'name': 'totalSupply',
    
    41        'outputs': [{'internalType': 'uint256', 'name': '', 'type': 'uint256'}],
    
    42        'stateMutability': 'view', 'type': 'function', 'constant': True
    
    43    },
    
    44]
    
    45
    
    46ck_extra_abi = [
    
    47    {
    
    48        'inputs': [],
    
    49        'name': 'pregnantKitties',
    
    50        'outputs': [{'name': '', 'type': 'uint256'}],
    
    51        'payable': False, 'stateMutability': 'view', 'type': 'function', 'constant': True
    
    52    },
    
    53    {
    
    54        'inputs': [{'name': '_kittyId', 'type': 'uint256'}],
    
    55        'name': 'isPregnant',
    
    56        'outputs': [{'name': '', 'type': 'bool'}],
    
    57        'payable': False, 'stateMutability': 'view', 'type': 'function', 'constant': True
    
    58    }
    
    59]
    
    60
    
    61ck_contract = w3.eth.contract(address=w3.to_checksum_address(ck_token_addr), abi=simplified_abi+ck_extra_abi)
    
    62name = ck_contract.functions.name().call()
    
    63symbol = ck_contract.functions.symbol().call()
    
    64kitties_auctions = ck_contract.functions.balanceOf(acc_address).call()
    
    65print(f"{name} [{symbol}] NFTs in Auctions: {kitties_auctions}")
    
    66
    
    67pregnant_kitties = ck_contract.functions.pregnantKitties().call()
    
    68print(f"{name} [{symbol}] NFTs Pregnants: {pregnant_kitties}")
    
    69
    
    70# Using the Transfer Event ABI to get info about transferred Kitties.
    
    71tx_event_abi = {
    
    72    'anonymous': False,
    
    73    'inputs': [
    
    74        {'indexed': False, 'name': 'from', 'type': 'address'},
    
    75        {'indexed': False, 'name': 'to', 'type': 'address'},
    
    76        {'indexed': False, 'name': 'tokenId', 'type': 'uint256'}],
    
    77    'name': 'Transfer',
    
    78    'type': 'event'
    
    79}
    
    80
    
    81# We need the event's signature to filter the logs
    
    82event_signature = w3.keccak(text="Transfer(address,address,uint256)").hex()
    
    83
    
    84logs = w3.eth.get_logs({
    
    85    "fromBlock": w3.eth.block_number - 120,
    
    86    "address": w3.to_checksum_address(ck_token_addr),
    
    87    "topics": [event_signature]
    
    88})
    
    89
    
    90# Notes:
    
    91#   - Increase the number of blocks up from 120 if no Transfer event is returned.
    
    92#   - If you didn't find any Transfer event you can also try to get a tokenId at:
    
    93#       https://etherscan.io/address/0x06012c8cf97BEaD5deAe237070F9587f8E7A266d#events
    
    94#       Click to expand the event's logs and copy its "tokenId" argument
    
    95recent_tx = [get_event_data(w3.codec, tx_event_abi, log)["args"] for log in logs]
    
    96
    
    97if recent_tx:
    
    98    kitty_id = recent_tx[0]['tokenId'] # Paste the "tokenId" here from the link above
    
    99    is_pregnant = ck_contract.functions.isPregnant(kitty_id).call()
    
    100    print(f"{name} [{symbol}] NFTs {kitty_id} is pregnant: {is_pregnant}")
    
    Show all
    
    ![ðŸ“‹](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f4cb.svg) Copy

CryptoKitties Contract has some interesting Events other than the Standard
ones.

Let's check two of them, `Pregnant` and `Birth`.

    
    
    1# Using the Pregnant and Birth Events ABI to get info about new Kitties.
    
    2ck_extra_events_abi = [
    
    3    {
    
    4        'anonymous': False,
    
    5        'inputs': [
    
    6            {'indexed': False, 'name': 'owner', 'type': 'address'},
    
    7            {'indexed': False, 'name': 'matronId', 'type': 'uint256'},
    
    8            {'indexed': False, 'name': 'sireId', 'type': 'uint256'},
    
    9            {'indexed': False, 'name': 'cooldownEndBlock', 'type': 'uint256'}],
    
    10        'name': 'Pregnant',
    
    11        'type': 'event'
    
    12    },
    
    13    {
    
    14        'anonymous': False,
    
    15        'inputs': [
    
    16            {'indexed': False, 'name': 'owner', 'type': 'address'},
    
    17            {'indexed': False, 'name': 'kittyId', 'type': 'uint256'},
    
    18            {'indexed': False, 'name': 'matronId', 'type': 'uint256'},
    
    19            {'indexed': False, 'name': 'sireId', 'type': 'uint256'},
    
    20            {'indexed': False, 'name': 'genes', 'type': 'uint256'}],
    
    21        'name': 'Birth',
    
    22        'type': 'event'
    
    23    }]
    
    24
    
    25# We need the event's signature to filter the logs
    
    26ck_event_signatures = [
    
    27    w3.keccak(text="Pregnant(address,uint256,uint256,uint256)").hex(),
    
    28    w3.keccak(text="Birth(address,uint256,uint256,uint256,uint256)").hex(),
    
    29]
    
    30
    
    31# Here is a Pregnant Event:
    
    32# - https://etherscan.io/tx/0xc97eb514a41004acc447ac9d0d6a27ea6da305ac8b877dff37e49db42e1f8cef#eventlog
    
    33pregnant_logs = w3.eth.get_logs({
    
    34    "fromBlock": w3.eth.block_number - 120,
    
    35    "address": w3.to_checksum_address(ck_token_addr),
    
    36    "topics": [ck_event_signatures[0]]
    
    37})
    
    38
    
    39recent_pregnants = [get_event_data(w3.codec, ck_extra_events_abi[0], log)["args"] for log in pregnant_logs]
    
    40
    
    41# Here is a Birth Event:
    
    42# - https://etherscan.io/tx/0x3978028e08a25bb4c44f7877eb3573b9644309c044bf087e335397f16356340a
    
    43birth_logs = w3.eth.get_logs({
    
    44    "fromBlock": w3.eth.block_number - 120,
    
    45    "address": w3.to_checksum_address(ck_token_addr),
    
    46    "topics": [ck_event_signatures[1]]
    
    47})
    
    48
    
    49recent_births = [get_event_data(w3.codec, ck_extra_events_abi[1], log)["args"] for log in birth_logs]
    
    Show all
    
    ![ðŸ“‹](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f4cb.svg) Copy

## Popular NFTs

  * [Etherscan NFT Tracker(opens in a new tab)](https://etherscan.io/tokens-nft) list the top NFT on Ethereum by transfers volume.
  * [CryptoKitties(opens in a new tab)](https://www.cryptokitties.co/) is a game centered around breedable, collectible, and oh-so-adorable creatures we call CryptoKitties.
  * [Sorare(opens in a new tab)](https://sorare.com/) is a global fantasy football game where you can collect limited editions collectibles, manage your teams and compete to earn prizes.
  * [The Ethereum Name Service (ENS)(opens in a new tab)](https://ens.domains/) offers a secure & decentralized way to address resources both on and off the blockchain using simple, human-readable names.
  * [POAP(opens in a new tab)](https://poap.xyz) delivers free NFTs to people who attend events or complete specific actions. POAPs are free to create and distribute.
  * [Unstoppable Domains(opens in a new tab)](https://unstoppabledomains.com/) is a San Francisco-based company building domains on blockchains. Blockchain domains replace cryptocurrency addresses with human-readable names and can be used to enable censorship-resistant websites.
  * [Gods Unchained Cards(opens in a new tab)](https://godsunchained.com/) is a TCG on the Ethereum blockchain that uses NFT's to bring real ownership to in-game assets.
  * [Bored Ape Yacht Club(opens in a new tab)](https://boredapeyachtclub.com) is a collection of 10,000 unique NFTs, which, as well as being a provably-rare piece of art, acts as a membership token to the club, providing member perks and benefits that increase over time as a result of community efforts.

## Further reading

  * [EIP-721: ERC-721 Non-Fungible Token Standard(opens in a new tab)](https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-721)
  * [OpenZeppelin - ERC-721 Docs(opens in a new tab)](https://docs.openzeppelin.com/contracts/3.x/erc721)
  * [OpenZeppelin - ERC-721 Implementation(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/OpenZeppelin/openzeppelin-contracts/blob/master/contracts/token/ERC721/ERC721.sol)
  * [Alchemy NFT API(opens in a new tab)](https://docs.alchemy.com/alchemy/enhanced-apis/nft-api)

back-to-top â†‘

### Was this article helpful?

YesNo

![ðŸ‘ˆ](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f448.svg)

Previous

[ERC-20: Fungible Tokens](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/erc-20/)

![ðŸ‘‰](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f449.svg)

Next

[ERC-777](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/erc-777/)

  * [Edit page(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/ethereum/ethereum-org-website/tree/dev/public/content/developers/docs/standards/tokens/erc-721/index.md)
  * On this page

    * Introduction
    * Prerequisites
    * Body
      * Methods
      * Events
      * Examples
    * Popular NFTs
    * Further reading

Website last updated: May 22, 2024

[(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/ethereum/ethereum-org-
website)[(opens in a new tab)](https://twitter.com/ethdotorg)[(opens in a new
tab)](https://discord.gg/ethereum-org)

### Learn

  * [Learn Hub](/en/learn/)
  * [What is Ethereum?](/en/what-is-ethereum/)
  * [What is ether (ETH)?](/en/eth/)
  * [Ethereum wallets](/en/wallets/)
  * [What is Web3?](/en/web3/)
  * [Smart contracts](/en/smart-contracts/)
  * [Gas fees](/en/gas/)
  * [Run a node](/en/run-a-node/)
  * [Ethereum security and scam prevention](/en/security/)
  * [Quiz Hub](/en/quizzes/)
  * [Ethereum glossary](/en/glossary/)

### Use

  * [Guides](/en/guides/)
  * [Choose your wallet](/en/wallets/find-wallet/)
  * [Get ETH](/en/get-eth/)
  * [Dapps - Decentralized applications](/en/dapps/)
  * [Stablecoins](/en/stablecoins/)
  * [NFTs - Non-fungible tokens](/en/nft/)
  * [DeFi - Decentralized finance](/en/defi/)
  * [DAOs - Decentralized autonomous organizations](/en/dao/)
  * [Decentralized identity](/en/decentralized-identity/)
  * [Stake ETH](/en/staking/)
  * [Layer 2](/en/layer-2/)

### Build

  * [Builder's home](/en/developers/)
  * [Tutorials](/en/developers/tutorials/)
  * [Documentation](/en/developers/docs/)
  * [Learn by coding](/en/developers/learning-tools/)
  * [Set up local environment](/en/developers/local-environment/)
  * [Grants](/en/community/grants/)
  * [Foundational topics](/en/developers/docs/intro-to-ethereum/)
  * [UX/UI design fundamentals](/en/developers/docs/design-and-ux/)
  * [Enterprise - Mainnet Ethereum](/en/enterprise/)
  * [Enterprise - Private Ethereum](/en/enterprise/private-ethereum/)

### Participate

  * [Community hub](/en/community/)
  * [Online communities](/en/community/online/)
  * [Ethereum events](/en/community/events/)
  * [Contributing to ethereum.org](/en/contributing/)
  * [Translation Program](/en/contributing/translation-program/)
  * [Ethereum bug bounty program](/en/bug-bounty/)
  * [Ethereum Foundation](/en/foundation/)
  * [Ethereum Foundation Blog(opens in a new tab)](https://blog.ethereum.org/)
  * [Ecosystem Support Program(opens in a new tab)](https://esp.ethereum.foundation)
  * [Devcon(opens in a new tab)](https://devcon.org/)

### Research

  * [Ethereum Whitepaper](/en/whitepaper/)
  * [Ethereum roadmap](/en/roadmap/)
  * [Improved security](/en/roadmap/security/)
  * [Technical history of Ethereum](/en/history/)
  * [Open research](/en/community/research/)
  * [Ethereum Improvement Proposals](/en/eips/)
  * [Ethereum governance](/en/governance/)

  * [About us](/en/about/)
  * [Ethereum brand assets](/en/assets/)
  * [Code of conduct](/en/community/code-of-conduct/)
  * [Jobs](/en/about/#open-jobs)
  * [Privacy policy](/en/privacy-policy/)
  * [Terms of use](/en/terms-of-use/)
  * [Cookie policy](/en/cookie-policy/)
  * [Press Contact(opens in a new tab)](mailto:press@ethereum.org)

Is this page helpful?

