[](https://www.binance.com/en)

[Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/crypto/buy)

[Markets](https://www.binance.com/en/markets/overview)

Trade

Basic

  * [SpotBuy and sell on the Spot market with advanced tools](https://www.binance.com/en/trade/BTC_USDT?type=spot)
  * [MarginIncrease your profits with leverage](https://www.binance.com/en/trade?type=cross)
  * [P2PBuy & sell cryptocurrencies using bank transfer and 800+ options](https://p2p.binance.com/en)
  * [Convert & Block TradeThe easiest way to trade at all sizes](https://www.binance.com/en/convert)

Advanced

  * [Trading BotsTrade smarter with our various automated strategies - easy, fast and reliable](https://www.binance.com/en/trading-bots)
  * [Copy TradingFollow the most popular traders](https://www.binance.com/en/copy-trading)
  * [APIsUnlimited opportunities with one key](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-api)

[Futures](https://www.binance.com/en/futures/home)

  * [USDⓈ-M FuturesContracts settled in USDT and USDC](https://www.binance.com/en/futures)
  * [COIN-M FuturesContracts settled in cryptocurrency](https://www.binance.com/en/delivery)
  * [OptionsUSDT Options with limited downside and affordable entry](https://www.binance.com/en/eoptions)

[Earn](https://www.binance.com/en/earn)

[Square](https://www.binance.com/en/square)

  * [SquareStay informed with everything crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/square)
  * [Academy (Learn & Earn)Earn crypto by learning about blockchain](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn)
  * [BlogExpand your knowledge and get the latest insights](https://www.binance.com/en/blog)
  * [ResearchInstitutional-grade analysis, in-depth insights, and more](https://www.binance.com/en/research)

More

  * [VIP & InstitutionalYour trusted digital asset platform for VIPs and institutions](https://www.binance.com/en/vip-institutional-services)
  * [Launchpad & LaunchpoolDiscover and gain access to new token launches](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)
  * [MegadropLock your BNB and complete Web3 quests for boosted airdrop rewards](https://www.binance.com/en/megadrop)
  * [Mining PoolMine more rewards by connecting to the pool](https://pool.binance.com/en)
  * [PaySend, receive and spend crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/payment)
  * [LoansGet an instant loan secured by crypto assets](https://www.binance.com/en/loan)

  * [NFTExplore NFTs from creators worldwide](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/home)
  * [Fan TokenDiscover an all-new fandom and unlock unlimited fan experiences](https://www.binance.com/en/fan-token)
  * [Web3 WalletMeet the next-generation Web3 wallet](https://www.binance.com/en/web3wallet)
  * [BNB ChainThe most popular blockchain to build your own dApp](https://www.bnbchain.org)
  * [CharityBlockchain empowers charity to be more transparent, efficient, and traceable](https://www.binance.charity)

[Log
In](https://accounts.binance.com/en/login?loginChannel=blog&return_to=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYmluYW5jZS5jb20vZW4vYmxvZy9lYXJuL2V4cGxvcmluZy10aGUtd29ybGQtb2YtbGlxdWlkLXN0YWtpbmctdG9rZW5zLWxzdHMtYW5kLWV0aC1zdGFraW5nLTYxMDEyMDE0NTU1Nzc3MTM1MzQ%2FbGFuZz1lbg%3D%3D)[Sign
Up](https://accounts.binance.com/en/register?registerChannel=blog&return_to=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYmluYW5jZS5jb20vZW4vYmxvZy9lYXJuL2V4cGxvcmluZy10aGUtd29ybGQtb2YtbGlxdWlkLXN0YWtpbmctdG9rZW5zLWxzdHMtYW5kLWV0aC1zdGFraW5nLTYxMDEyMDE0NTU1Nzc3MTM1MzQ%2FbGFuZz1lbg%3D%3D)

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/images/common/logo.png)

Scan to Download App IOS & Android

[More Download
Options](https://www.binance.com/en/download?utm_source=&utm_campaign=)

##### [Binance Blog](/blog)

# Exploring the World of Liquid Staking Tokens (LSTs) and ETH Staking

2023-09-15

 _This is a general article. Products and services referred to here may not be
available in your region._

##  Main Takeaways

  * Liquidity staking tokens (LSTs) are DeFi products that allow users to trade, transfer, and utilize yield-bearing staked assets that are otherwise subject to a lock-up period. 

  * LSTs enable greater capital efficiency and increased liquidity on proof-of-stake blockchains. Users can then leverage staking benefits and DeFi opportunities simultaneously.

  * Wrapped Beacon ETH (WBETH) is a versatile LST representing staked ETH and its rewards.

  * Earning opportunities with WBETH include buying and holding, liquidity farming, lending, borrowing, and participating in structured products.

_Earning with WBETH offers a range of options, from simple yield generation to
more complex DeFi strategies._

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20230915/0a98862e-4341-450b-bba8-0dc37aa643eb.png)

It’s hard to overstate how much cryptocurrencies and blockchain technology
have shaken up the financial world. We’ve seen a whole community emerge and
develop new digitized forms of exchange and even financial products
themselves.

Many of these products solve unique blockchain issues. In the decentralized
finance (DeFi) ecosystem, where staked assets are common, improving liquidity
is a prevalent goal. The popularity of liquidity staking derivatives (LSDs) is
a great example of the community’s ingenuity in reaching this goal.

If you’ve got staked assets such as Ether (ETH) and are looking for more ways
to capitalize on them, LSDs may be what you’re looking for. With Binance,
you’ve already got LSD earning opportunities at hand.

## Understanding LSDs and WBETH

LSDs are DeFi products that allow holders of staked assets to trade or invest
their staked tokens while still receiving staking rewards. This process
effectively provides liquidity to otherwise illiquid staked assets. LSDs are
common with ETH staking, which involves locking up Ethereum in a network-
supporting smart contract in return for ETH rewards.

Let’s look at a quick example. When staking ETH via Binance, you’ll receive
Beacon ETH (BETH) at a 1:1 ratio. The on-chain rewards you earn from your
staked ETH are then distributed to you in additional BETH. When you want to
retrieve your ETH, you simply turn in your BETH to unlock your initial
deposit.

### Introducing WBETH

You can now also wrap your BETH, transforming it into Wrapped Beacon ETH
(WBETH). 1 WBETH represents 1 BETH **plus** the staking rewards accrued.

We call this nature “reward-bearing,” as the underlying value of WBETH
increases over time in relation to ETH. The conversion rate between BETH and
WBETH changes on a daily basis in accordance with the daily accrued rewards
from ETH staking.

You can use WBETH to participate in DeFi projects outside Binance and still
receive the corresponding ETH staking rewards accrued.

## There Are Multiple Ways to Earn With WBETH

### Binance Spot

By simply buying and holding WBETH, you can earn BETH rewards that are
redeemable for ETH. Acquiring WBETH from Binance is a straightforward process
and you can find the exact details with our [_How to Buy Wrapped Beacon ETH
(WBETH) Guide_](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/wrapped-beacon-eth).

Once you’ve received your WBETH, you’ll automatically start accumulating
rewards. The daily staking reward won’t be distributed to your Binance Spot
Wallet as held BETH; instead the reward will accumulate and auto-compound at
the token's conversion rate until claimed.

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20230915/f4de7ae7-254d-40a0-ac32-50cef810208a)

Once your WBETH is unwrapped, the BETH amount you get back will be more than
the pre-wrapped amount, reflecting the reward you’ve received.

### Liquidity farming

Liquidity farming is a popular earning mechanic in DeFi. It involves providing
liquidity to decentralized exchanges (DEXs) and earning rewards for doing so.
Stakers can then compound their rewards manually or with smart contracts to
increase their earnings.

To start liquidity farming, you’ll need to provide a pair of tokens to a
liquidity pool. In our case, we could use WBETH and ETH. Users who swap
between the pairs in the pool pay a fee to you as a liquidity provider. Note,
however, that there is always the risk of [_impermanent
loss_](https://academy.binance.com/en/articles/impermanent-loss-explained)
when entering liquidity pools.

### Lending and borrowing protocols

WBETH can be leveraged within lending and borrowing protocols to earn yields
or enhance capital efficiency. For example, you could deposit WBETH into a
lending platform that allows you to earn interest on your assets.

Your WBETH would then be lent to other users who pay a fee for the service.
Additionally, WBETH can be used as collateral to borrow other assets,
effectively leveraging your holdings to access additional liquidity. This can
be particularly useful when you want to access additional funds without
liquidating your WBETH holdings.

If you’re interested in learning more about crypto lending, head to our
[_Binance Loans_](https://www.binance.com/en/loan) page. There, you can see
exactly how much you could borrow with the loan-to-value (LTV) figures
available.

### Structured products and yield aggregators

Structured products and yield aggregators offer advanced DeFi opportunities
for optimizing returns on your crypto assets. As mentioned previously, you
could use a smart contract to reinvest and automatically compound your
liquidity pool earnings.

WBETH can be used as an asset within these services to access more structured
investment strategies. These products take simpler services and put them
together, often referred to as “DeFi Legos.”

Structured yield tokens are another popular product among DeFi investors.
These tokens represent claims on future yield generated by liquidity
providers. WBETH can be utilized within this ecosystem to access these
structured yield tokens, allowing you to participate in more complex DeFi
strategies.

## WBETH Earning Opportunities Are Diverse

In the ever-evolving DeFi world, LSDs have opened up a wide range of earning
opportunities. WBETH holders can explore this ecosystem in as much depth as
they want.

If you’re looking for simple yields, there’s plenty to find on Binance. You
can also head into the decentralized world for more structured products and
offerings. As always, make sure to do your own research before investing in a
project or product.

## Further Reading

  * [ _What Are Wrapped Tokens?_](https://academy.binance.com/en/articles/what-are-wrapped-tokens)

  * [_LSDfi: When Liquid Staking Meets DeFi_](https://www.binance.com/en/research/analysis/lsdfi-when-liquid-staking-meets-defi) _ _

**Disclaimer:**_Digital asset prices can be volatile. The value of your
investment may go down or up, and you may not get back the amount invested.
You are solely responsible for your investment decisions, and Binance is not
liable for any losses you may incur. APR is an estimate of rewards you will
earn in cryptocurrency over the selected timeframe. It does not display the
actual or predicted returns/yield in any fiat currency. APR is adjusted daily
and the estimated rewards may differ from the actual rewards generated. Not
financial advice. For more information, see our Terms of Use and Risk
Warning._

195,046,362 users chose us. Find out why today.

Register Now

Like this post

###### Share Post

Article Outlines

Exploring the World of Liquid Staking Tokens (LSTs) and ETH Staking

Main Takeaways

Understanding LSDs and WBETH

There Are Multiple Ways to Earn With WBETH

WBETH Earning Opportunities Are Diverse

Further Reading

195,046,362 users chose us. Find out why today.

Register Now

### Community

[](https://discord.gg/jE4wt8g2H2)[](https://www.binance.com/en/community)[](https://www.tiktok.com/@binance?lang=en)[](https://www.facebook.com/binance)[](https://twitter.com/binance)[](https://www.reddit.com/r/binance)[](https://www.instagram.com/Binance/)[](https://coinmarketcap.com/exchanges/binance/)[](https://www.youtube.com/binanceyoutube)[](https://www.binance.com/en/community)

English

English

العربية

العربية (البحرين)

български

Čeština

Dansk

Deutsch (Schweiz)

Ελληνικά

English (UAE)

English (Australia)

English (Bahrain)

English (India)

English (Japan)

English (Kazakhstan)

English (Nigeria)

English (New Zealand)

English (South Africa)

Español (España)

Español (Argentina)

Español (Latinoamérica)

Español (México)

Français

Français (Afrique)

magyar nyelv

Bahasa Indonesia

Italiano

日本語

Қазақша (Қазақстан)

Қазақша

ລາວ

latviešu valoda

Polski

Português

Português (Brasil)

Română

Русский

Русский (Казахстан)

Русский (Украина)

සිංහල

Slovenčina

Slovenščina

Svenska

Türkçe

Українська

Tiếng Việt

简体中文

繁體中文

USD-$

USD-$

AED-د.إ

ARS-ARS$

AUD-A$

BDT-৳

BGN-лв

BHD-.د.ب

BOB-$b

BRL-R$

CAD-C$

CHF-CHF

CNY-¥

COP-COL$

CZK-Kč

DKK-KR

EGP-E£

EUR-€

GBP-£

HKD-HKD

HRK-kn

HUF-Ft

IDR-Rp

INR-₹

JPY-¥

KES-KSh

KWD-ك.د

KZT-₸

MAD-م.د.

MNT-₮

MXN-Mex$

NZD-NZ$

OMR-ر.ع.

PEN-S/.

PHP-₱

PKR-₨

PLN-zł

QAR-ر.ق

RON-lei

RUB-₽

SAR-ر.س

SEK-kr

THB-฿

TRY-₺

TWD-NT$

UAH-₴

UGX-USh

VES-Bs

VND-₫

ZAR-R

Theme

English

USD

Theme

### About Us

  * [About](https://www.binance.com/en/about)
  * [Careers](https://www.binance.com/en/careers)
  * [Announcements](https://www.binance.com/en/support/announcement)
  * [News](https://www.binance.com/en/square/news/all)
  * [Press](https://www.binance.com/en/press)
  * [Legal](https://www.binance.com/en/legal/home)
  * [Terms](https://www.binance.com/en/terms)
  * [Privacy](https://www.binance.com/en/about-legal/privacy-portal)
  * [Building Trust](https://www.binance.com/en/land/building_trust)
  * [Blog](https://www.binance.com/en/blog)
  * [Community](https://www.binance.com/en/community)
  * [Sitemap](https://www.binance.com/en/country-region-selector)
  * [Risk Warning](https://www.binance.com/en/risk-warning)
  * [Notices](https://www.binance.com/en/support/list/notices)
  * [Downloads](https://www.binance.com/en/download)
  * [Desktop Application](https://www.binance.com/en/desktop-download)

### Products

  * [Exchange](https://www.binance.com/en/trade)
  * [Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/buy-sell-crypto)
  * [Leveraged Tokens](https://www.binance.com/en/leveraged-tokens/tokens/allTokens)
  * [TradingView](https://www.binance.com/en/land/tradingview)
  * [Pay](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/payment)
  * [Academy](https://academy.binance.com/en)
  * [Live](https://www.binance.com/en/live)
  * [Tax](https://www.binance.com/en/tax)
  * [Gift Card](https://www.binance.com/en/gift-card)
  * [Launchpad & Launchpool](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)
  * [Auto-Invest](https://www.binance.com/en/auto-invest)
  * [ETH Staking](https://www.binance.com/en/eth2)
  * [NFT](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/home)
  * [BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/bnb)
  * [BABT](https://www.binance.com/en/BABT?source=footer)
  * [Research](https://www.binance.com/en/research)
  * [Charity](https://www.binance.charity)

### Business

  * [P2P Merchant Application](https://c2c.binance.com/en/merchantApplication)
  * [P2Pro Merchant Application](https://p2p.binance.com/en/p2pro)
  * [Listing Application](https://www.binance.com/en/my/coin-apply)
  * [Institutional & VIP Services](https://www.binance.com/en/vip-institutional-services)
  * [Labs](https://labs.binance.com/)

### Learn

  * [Learn & Earn](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn)
  * [Browse Crypto Prices](https://www.binance.com/en/price)
  * [Bitcoin Price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/bitcoin)
  * [Ethereum Price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/ethereum)
  * [Browse Crypto Price Predictions](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction)
  * [Bitcoin Price Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction/bitcoin)
  * [Ethereum Price Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction/ethereum)
  * [Buy Bitcoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bitcoin)
  * [Buy BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bnb)
  * [Buy Ripple](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/xrp)
  * [Buy Dogecoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/dogecoin)
  * [Buy Ethereum](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/ethereum)
  * [Buy Tradable Altcoins](https://www.binance.com/en/altcoins/tradable)

### Service

  * [Affiliate](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/affiliate)
  * [Referral](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/referral?utm_source=Lite_web_footer)
  * [OTC Trading](https://www.binance.com/en/otc)
  * [Historical Market Data](https://www.binance.com/en/landing/data)
  * [Proof of Reserves](https://www.binance.com/en/proof-of-reserves)

### Support

  * [24/7 Chat Support](https://www.binance.com/en/chat?sourceEntry=4)
  * [Support Center](https://www.binance.com/en/support)
  * [Product Feedback & Suggestions](https://www.binance.com/en/my/user-support/feedback/entry)
  * [Fees](https://www.binance.com/en/fee/schedule)
  * [APIs](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-api)
  * [Binance Verify](https://www.binance.com/en/official-verification)
  * [Trading Rules](https://www.binance.com/en/trade-rule)
  * [Binance Airdrop Portal](https://www.binance.com/en/airdrop)
  * [Law Enforcement Requests](https://www.binance.com/en/support/law-enforcement)

Binance© 2024Cookie Preferences

