[ New: Wallet recovery made easy with Ledger Recover, provided by Coincover
Get started ](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-recover)

[ ![Ledger Academy](https://www.ledger.com/wp-
content/themes/ledger-v2/public/images/ledger-academy-logo-long.svg)
](https://www.ledger.com/academy "Ledger Academy")

  * [ Shop Ledger ](https://shop.ledger.com/)
  * [ Learn and earn  ](https://quest.ledger.com)
  * [ Search __](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library)
  * [ Crypto Glossary ](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary)
  * Topics
    * [Blockchain](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/blockchain)
    * [Crypto](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/crypto)
    * [DAOs](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/daos)
    * [DeFi](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/defi)
    * [Economics and Regulation](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/economics-and-regulation)
    * [Ledger solutions](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/ledgersolutions)
    * [Metaverse](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/metaverse)
    * [NFTs](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/nfts)
    * [Scams](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/scams)
    * [Security](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/security)
    * [Tutorials](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/tutorials)
  * Series
    * [Enter The Donjon](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/enter-the-donjon)
    * [How I Got Hacked](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/how-i-got-hacked)
    * [Keep Your Crypto Safe](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/get-your-crypto-safe)
    * [Ledger How To's](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/ledger-how-tos)
    * [On The Ledger](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/on-the-ledger)
    * [Reading Room](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/reading-room)
    * [School of Block](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/school-of-block)
  * [Start learning](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-web-30-everything-you-need-to-know)
  * English
    * This page is available in English only

  * The Classroom __
    * A) Welcome to Web3
      * [What is Web 3.0?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-web-30-everything-you-need-to-know "What is Web 3.0?")
      * [What Is Blockchain?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-blockchain "What Is Blockchain?")
      * [Blockchain: Where It Started, Where It’s Going](https://www.ledger.com/academy/blockchain-generations-explained "Blockchain: Where It Started, Where It’s Going")
      * [What Is Cryptocurrency?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-cryptocurrency "What Is Cryptocurrency?")
      * [How Many Cryptocurrencies Are There?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/how-many-cryptos-are-there "How Many Cryptocurrencies Are There?")
    * B) How to secure your crypto
      * [What Is a Private Key?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/whats-a-private-key "What Is a Private Key?")
      * [What Is a Crypto Wallet?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/2-how-to-own-crypto/what-is-a-crypto-wallet "What Is a Crypto Wallet?")
      * [What is a Seed Phrase (Secret Recovery Phrase)?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/2-how-to-own-crypto/whats-a-secret-recovery-phrase "What is a Seed Phrase \(Secret Recovery Phrase\)?")
      * [Crypto Threats: How Crypto Gets Stolen](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/2-how-to-own-crypto/how-crypto-gets-stolen-risks-to-beware-of "Crypto Threats: How Crypto Gets Stolen")
    * C) What is Ledger?
      * [What is Ledger? The Ledger Ecosystem Explained](https://www.ledger.com/academy/ledger-nano-the-safest-way-to-manage-crypto "What is Ledger? The Ledger Ecosystem Explained")
      * [Ledger’s Security Model: How Are Ledger Devices Secured?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/ledgers-ecosystem/why-is-ledger-nano-so-secure "Ledger’s Security Model: How Are Ledger Devices Secured?")
      * [Ledger Live App: Buy, Sell, Stake and Swap Crypto](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/ledgers-ecosystem/ledger-live-app-buying-selling-staking-and-swapping-crypto "Ledger Live App: Buy, Sell, Stake and Swap Crypto")
    * D) Web3 security essentials
      * [Web3 Scams: Common Crypto Scams and How To Avoid Them](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/web3-security-essentials/web3-scams-explained "Web3 Scams: Common Crypto Scams and How To Avoid Them")
      * [Do Your Own Research (DYOR): How to Investigate Crypto Projects](https://www.ledger.com/academy/do-your-own-research-how-to-investigate-crypto-projects "Do Your Own Research \(DYOR\): How to Investigate Crypto Projects")
      * [How to Migrate Your Crypto to Ledger](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/web3-security-essentials/how-to-secure-your-crypto-on-a-ledger-nano "How to Migrate Your Crypto to Ledger")
    * E) Digital Assets Explained
      * [Crypto Coins and Tokens: Their Use-Cases Explained](https://www.ledger.com/academy/crypto/what-is-the-difference-between-coins-and-tokens "Crypto Coins and Tokens: Their Use-Cases Explained")
      * [What Are Stablecoins?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-are-stablecoins "What Are Stablecoins?")
      * [What Are Memecoins?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-are-memecoins "What Are Memecoins?")
      * [Digital Assets Beyond Currency](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/blockchain/digital-assets-beyond-currency-explained "Digital Assets Beyond Currency")
    * F) Blockchain Basics
      * [How Does a Blockchain Transaction Work?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/how-does-a-blockchain-transaction-work "How Does a Blockchain Transaction Work?")
      * [Crypto Nodes: What Are They And How Do They Work?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-a-node-and-why-should-i-operate-one "Crypto Nodes: What Are They And How Do They Work?")
      * [What Is a Mempool?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-a-mempool "What Is a Mempool?")
      * [Consensus Mechanisms: How Blockchains Stay Secure](https://www.ledger.com/academy/consensus-protocols-how-are-blockchains-secure "Consensus Mechanisms: How Blockchains Stay Secure")
    * G) Wallet Knowledge (Leveling Up)
      * [What Is a Software Wallet?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/what-is-a-software-wallet "What Is a Software Wallet?")
      * [What Is a Hardware Wallet?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/crypto-hardware-wallet "What Is a Hardware Wallet?")
      * [What Is a Cold Wallet?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/what-is-a-cold-wallet "What Is a Cold Wallet?")
      * [How To Choose a Crypto Wallet](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/choose-the-best-crypto-wallet-for-you "How To Choose a Crypto Wallet")
    * H) Buy it, Sell it, Swap it, Earn it
      * [Why Use Ledger Live For Payments and Transactions?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/the-power-of-ledger-live "Why Use Ledger Live For Payments and Transactions?")
      * [Buying Crypto Through Ledger Live](https://www.ledger.com/academy/benefits-of-buying-crypto-through-ledger-live "Buying Crypto Through Ledger Live")
      * [How To Swap Your Crypto Securely Via Ledger Live](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/ledgersolutions/ledger-swap-the-most-secure-way-to-exchange-your-crypto "How To Swap Your Crypto Securely Via Ledger Live")
      * [Earn Crypto With Ledger Live: Staking Made Easy](https://www.ledger.com/academy/earn-crypto-with-ledger-live-staking-made-easy "Earn Crypto With Ledger Live: Staking Made Easy")
    * I) Blockchain Sleuthing: Become a Crypto Detective
      * [What is a Blockchain Sleuth?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/what-is-a-blockchain-sleuth "What is a Blockchain Sleuth?")
      * [Top Blockchain Sleuths: How 5 Crypto Detectives Rose To Fame](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/top-blockchain-sleuths "Top Blockchain Sleuths: How 5 Crypto Detectives Rose To Fame")
      * [Through the Eyes of a Sleuth: The Nomad Bridge Hack](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/nomad-bridge-hack "Through the Eyes of a Sleuth: The Nomad Bridge Hack")
      * [Best Tools For Blockchain Detectives](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/blockchain-detective-tools "Best Tools For Blockchain Detectives")
      * [How to Catch Criminals on the Blockchain](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/how-to-catch-crypto-criminals "How to Catch Criminals on the Blockchain")
    * J) Wallet Knowledge II - The Evolution of Crypto Storage
      * [Public Vs Private Keys: Understanding PKC in Crypto](https://www.ledger.com/academy/blockchain/what-are-public-keys-and-private-keys "Public Vs Private Keys: Understanding PKC in Crypto")
      * [BIP-32: Understanding Hierarchical Deterministic Wallets](https://www.ledger.com/academy/crypto/what-are-hierarchical-deterministic-hd-wallets "BIP-32: Understanding Hierarchical Deterministic Wallets")
      * [Understanding BIP-39: The Origin of Your Seed Phrase](https://www.ledger.com/academy/bip-39-the-low-key-guardian-of-your-crypto-freedom "Understanding BIP-39: The Origin of Your Seed Phrase")
      * [How Does A Crypto Wallet Work?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/how-does-a-crypto-wallet-work "How Does A Crypto Wallet Work?")
  * Topics __
    * [Blockchain](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/blockchain "Blockchain")
    * [Crypto](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/crypto "Crypto")
    * [DAOs](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/daos "DAOs")
    * [DeFi](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/defi "DeFi")
    * [Economics and Regulation](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/economics-and-regulation "Economics and Regulation")
    * [Ledger solutions](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/ledgersolutions "Ledger solutions")
    * [Metaverse](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/metaverse "Metaverse")
    * [NFTs](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/nfts "NFTs")
    * [Scams](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/scams "Scams")
    * [Security](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/security "Security")
    * [Tutorials](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/tutorials "Tutorials")
  * Series __
    * [Enter The Donjon](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/enter-the-donjon "Enter The Donjon")
    * [How I Got Hacked](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/how-i-got-hacked "How I Got Hacked")
    * [Keep Your Crypto Safe](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/get-your-crypto-safe "Keep Your Crypto Safe")
    * [Ledger How To's](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/ledger-how-tos "Ledger How To's")
    * [On The Ledger](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/on-the-ledger "On The Ledger")
    * [Reading Room](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/reading-room "Reading Room")
    * [School of Block](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/school-of-block "School of Block")
  * [ Shop Ledger ](https://shop.ledger.com/ "Shop Ledger")
  * [ Learn and earn  ](https://quest.ledger.com "Learn and earn")
  * [ Search __](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library "Search")
  * [ Crypto Glossary ](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary "Crypto Glossary")
  * English
    * This page is available in English only

### Up your Web3 game

## Ledger Academy Quests

  * __ Test your knowledge
  * __ Earn POK NFTs

[Play now](https://quest.ledger.com "Play now") [See all
quests](https://quest.ledger.com/quests "See all quests")

[__](https://www.youtube.com/Ledger "Ledger
Youtube")[__](https://twitter.com/Ledger "Ledger
Twitter")[__](https://www.reddit.com/r/ledgerwallet/ "Ledger
Reddit")[__](https://www.facebook.com/Ledger/ "Ledger
Facebook")[__](https://www.linkedin.com/company/ledgerhq "Ledger LinkedIn")

  * [Ledger Academy ](https://www.ledger.com/academy "Ledger Academy ") __
  * [Ledger solutions](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/ledgersolutions "Ledger solutions") __
  * ... __
  * What is Ledger Embedded Software?

# What is Ledger Embedded Software?

By **Gaurav Roy**

![](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2022/09/IMG-20220907-WA0002-104x104.jpg)

Oct 24, 2023 | **Updated Oct 24, 2023**

__Read 8 min

Beginner

SHARE

[](https://www.instagram.com/ledger
"Instagram")[](https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?u=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Ftopics%2Fledgersolutions%2Fledger-
embedded-software
"Facebook")[](http://twitter.com/intent/tweet?via=ledger&text=What%20is%20Ledger%20Embedded%20Software%3F&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Ftopics%2Fledgersolutions%2Fledger-
embedded-software "Twitter")[](https://www.linkedin.com/sharing/share-
offsite/?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Ftopics%2Fledgersolutions%2Fledger-
embedded-software
"Linkedin")[](http://reddit.com/submit?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Ftopics%2Fledgersolutions%2Fledger-
embedded-software&title=What%20is%20Ledger%20Embedded%20Software%3F "Reddit")

![](https://www.ledger.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/04/10_Ledger-
Ecosystem_Cover_White-1024x432.jpg)

KEY TAKEAWAYS:  
---  
— Embedded software, often referred to as Firmware, is essential for all
hardware devices to operate effectively.  
  
— Ledger’s Embedded software stack is split into two main categories; embedded
apps and Ledger Operating System (OS).  
  
— Ledger’s security model provides continuous updates and enables users and
developers to access the evolving crypto ecosystem directly from its devices.  
  
As you might already know, Ledger devices are renowned for keeping private
keys offline within an industry-leading secure element chip. But you might not
know that this chip must be able to evolve in order to stay secure.

To explain, security is always evolving. And computer chips need updates if
they want to fight new threats. More specifically, it’s the embedded software
inside these chips that must evolve. Often called firmware, this embedded
software is simply the code that instructs your device how to behave.

And to do so, this embedded software needs updates. Despite their crucial
role, these updates are often misunderstood. But updates are necessary — both
for users and the Web3 developer community.

Simply, a device cannot operate without them: you wouldn’t be able to use your
device, nevermind interact with new networks and asset types without them.

 To understand why, let’s dive into embedded software; from what it is to how
it affects your Ledger device.

## What is Embedded Software?

An embedded software stack consists of a piece of hardware’s operating system
and its applications. From mobile phones and network cards to printers,
routers, and TV remotes, all these hardware rely on embedded software built
into their memory to function smoothly. Put simply, embedded software provides
the integral key instructions for supporting other software in the first
place.

So, when you update your hardware, it’s the existing embedded software stack
that gains new capabilities. For instance, iOS devices will receive periodical
updates to enhance the performance or security of their operating systems.
They also release countless updates to add new features or support new apps
too.

## Understanding Ledger’s Embedded Software Stack

Ledger’s embedded software stack is simply the code that defines how Ledger
devices operate. It primarily refers to two things: Ledger’s custom operating
system BOLOS and embedded apps.

Let’s see how they work

### Ledger’s Custom Operating System: BOLOS

Many hardware wallets opt to store everything in a single chip. This means if
there’s an issue with a single component or crypto asset in your device,
you’ll need to update the whole operating system. Instead of a generic
Operating System (OS) like that, Ledger wallets use their proprietary OS named
BOLOS, which stands for Blockchain Open Ledger Operating System.

At this point it’s important to note there are two chips within your Ledger
device; the secure Element chip, which handles all of your security sensitive
functions, and a microcontroller, which also has its own embedded software.
The combination of code for these two chips makes up your Ledger device’s
operating system, BOLOS.

BOLOS keeps every app on a Ledger device completely separate. As a result,
developers can develop their own apps to be added to Ledger’s ecosystem. This
enables your device to interact with new projects and blockchains without
leaking information between them. Plus that means your secret recovery phrase
is safe from app-based hacks too. Essentially, Ledger’s custom OS BOLOS is
what supports the continual evolution of apps on the Ledger device.

### Embedded Apps

So using BOLOS, your Ledger device uses embedded apps to secure accounts on
different blockchain networks. Each cryptocurrency has a dedicated app which
you can install on your device by connecting it to Ledger Live, meaning there
is a separate embedded app for each network supported by Ledger.

For instance, the Bitcoin App is an embedded app that allows users to send and
receive BTC, check their balance, and store Bitcoin. The Ethereum App,
meanwhile, is designed to manage your ETH and ETH-based tokens.

Each embedded app can generate a private key for that specific network from
your Ledger wallet’s 24-word recovery phrase. But don’t let that worry you:
these apps do not have access to your secret recovery phrase nor your master
seed. Instead, they generate Private Keys based on a specific parameter called
a derivation path, which is unique for each crypto asset. That means that
although your private keys are derived from your secret recovery phrase, none
of your apps have access to it directly.

## Why Should I Update My Ledger Device?

So now you know all about the code inside your device, but you may be
wondering why you would need to update it. Well, there are a few key reasons:

### To Keep Your Device Secure

Crypto scams develop just as quickly as new innovations in the field. To
combat these threats Ledger established [Ledger
Donjon](https://www.ledger.com/academy/security/the-ledger-donjon), a team of
world-class white-hat hackers with extensive backgrounds in both software and
hardware security.  

With a focus on internal and external security assessment, this team of
experts collaborates closely with Ledger’s development and hardware teams,
ensuring timely [Ledger
updates](https://www.ledger.com/academy/hardwarewallet/why-updating-your-
applications-and-firmware-matters) to enhance the security of all products.
They continuously scan for vulnerabilities. Then upon detection, they work
together with the embedded software team to evaluate and implement
countermeasures and hardening techniques. It is their relentless pursuit of
new threats and commitment to improvement that upholds Ledger’s top-notch
security model.

### To Support New Assets or Networks

In the dynamic world of cryptocurrencies, it’s vital for providers to ensure
users have access to new features, protocols, solutions, and projects.
Reflecting this need, Ledger provides updates to support the latest
developments, enabling users to tap into the evolving crypto ecosystem
directly from their devices.

For instance, Ledger hardware wallets were actually one of the first to
implement Native SegWit integration (also known as bech32) to enable faster
Bitcoin transactions with lower fees. This was made possible with an update to
the Bitcoin application.  Ledger to constantly. Updates also allow Ledger to
add new cryptocurrencies, such as Cardano (ADA) and Zilliqa (ZIL), which need
new signature schemes for support.

In short, updates on your Ledger device protect them from bugs while allowing
you to interact with the newest assets on the latest supported networks.

## Ledger OS Updates: A Timeline So Far

So now you know why embedded software is so important, and why updating it
keeps you safe, let’s look at some of the biggest updates to Ledger devices so
far.

### OS Version 1.2.4-2

In July 2020, Ledger released its first ever OS update. This addressed a minor
vulnerability and streamlined the updating process. For example, users would
no longer need to disconnect and reconnect the USB cable when transacting,
enhancing the user experience.

This new update also included cryptographic support for the Stark 256 and
BLS12-381 curves and more. If that sounds a little technical for you, check
out the blog post on [Ledger’s first OS update.](https://www.ledger.com/first-
ever-firmware-update-coming-to-the-ledger-nano-x)

### OS Version 2.0.0

The next big update came in October 2021, enabling UX & UI improvements that
drastically reduced user onboarding time and brought several improvements to
battery management. The upgrade also made Ledger amongst the first hardware
wallets to adopt Bitcoin’s Taproot, with it introducing support for BIP-0340
Schnorr signatures. Although this update meant Ledger devices could support
taproot, this didn’t bring any changes to customers who decided not to install
the new Bitcoin embedded app. In short, the update simply allowed the device
to support the app, should the user choose to install it.

Additionally, the update enhanced security, as it now notifies users of
remaining update attempts, helping prevent accidental resets and unauthorized
changes. It also lets users customize their Bluetooth name to more discreet
options and instantly turn off Bluetooth in settings without rebooting their
device.

### OS Version 2.1.0

Released in Feb. 2023, the upgrade introduced a revamped PIN code screen for
better security and user-friendly code entry. It also added French and Spanish
language support, enhancing the user experience.

### OS version 2.2.1

The most recent Ledger update was released in 2023. This important update
allowed Ledger devices to support a new service: Ledger Recover. Ledger
recover is an optional paid service that helps you create a backup for your
secret recovery phrase.

Much like the support for Taproot or Ethereum 2.0, this update does not
automatically install or activate itself on your device. That means you will
not be able to use Ledger Recover without first deciding to install the app.
And like every new app, your device will always ask for your PIN as
confirmation before you can initialize it.

## Ledger Code: Keeping You Safe and In-The-Know

Embedded software is essential for delivering fixes, enhancing device
functionality, ensuring efficient and secure operations, and staying
competitive with newer models. This is even more vital in the digital and
dynamic realm of crypto.

This is where Ledger’s hardware wallets stand out with their custom OS, non-
monolithic system. After all, it continually refines market-leading security,
giving crypto users peace of mind to safeguard their assets, interact with the
blockchain safely from online threats, and create innovative, secure
applications for a large audience.

Plus, Ledger updates offer users the chance to explore new cryptocurrencies,
new asset standards and even protect against bugs; offering improved
stability, and security. Meanwhile it gives developers access to a huge
audience via Ledger’s broad user base and enables people to engage with their
projects securely.

In the end, crypto is a nascent system, and security models can only be
effective for users if they are able to adapt safely. This is why Ledger’s
embedded software is so essential to its long-term mission of securing the
crypto ecosystem. In short, your Ledger embedded software stack is just
another piece of the Ledger Security model keeping you and your assets secure.

**Gaurav Roy**  

![](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2022/09/IMG-20220907-WA0002-104x104.jpg)

Gaurav began writing professionally in 2017. Since then, he has assisted over
100 companies in a variety of domains, including e-commerce, blockchain,
cybersecurity, online marketing, and a lot more. He is also keen on learning a
new skill every year. In his free time, he likes playing games on his Xbox and
scrolling through Quora.

**SHARE**

[](https://www.instagram.com/ledger
"Instagram")[](https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?u=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Ftopics%2Fledgersolutions%2Fledger-
embedded-software
"Facebook")[](http://twitter.com/intent/tweet?via=ledger&text=What%20is%20Ledger%20Embedded%20Software%3F&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Ftopics%2Fledgersolutions%2Fledger-
embedded-software "Twitter")[](https://www.linkedin.com/sharing/share-
offsite/?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Ftopics%2Fledgersolutions%2Fledger-
embedded-software
"Linkedin")[](http://reddit.com/submit?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Ftopics%2Fledgersolutions%2Fledger-
embedded-software&title=What%20is%20Ledger%20Embedded%20Software%3F "Reddit")

  

Related Resources

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/ledgersolutions/how-ledger-hardware-
wallets-work)

[How Ledger Hardware Wallets
Work](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/ledgersolutions/how-ledger-
hardware-wallets-work)

__Read

8 min Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/best-ethereum-wallets)

[The Best Ethereum Wallets in
2024](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/best-ethereum-wallets)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/best-bitcoin-wallets)

[The Best Bitcoin Wallets in
2024](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/best-bitcoin-wallets)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/leather-hiro-wallet-what-it-
is-and-how-to-use-it)

[Leather (Hiro) Wallet: What It Is and How To Use
It](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/leather-hiro-wallet-what-
it-is-and-how-to-use-it)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/crypto/who-owns-the-most-bitcoin-the-
largest-bitcoin-wallet-addresses)

[Who Owns the Most Bitcoin: The Largest Bitcoin Wallet
Addresses](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/crypto/who-owns-the-most-
bitcoin-the-largest-bitcoin-wallet-addresses)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/crypto/how-to-create-an-ethereum-
wallet)

[How To Create an Ethereum
Wallet](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/crypto/how-to-create-an-
ethereum-wallet)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/crypto/what-is-an-ethereum-wallet-
and-how-does-it-work)

[What Is An Ethereum Wallet and How Does it
Work?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/crypto/what-is-an-ethereum-
wallet-and-how-does-it-work)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/crypto/how-to-find-and-recover-lost-
bitcoin-wallets)

[How to Find and Recover Lost Bitcoin
Wallets](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/crypto/how-to-find-and-recover-
lost-bitcoin-wallets)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/crypto/best-bitcoin-crypto-wallet-
tracker-tools)

[Best Bitcoin & Crypto Wallet Tracker
Tools](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/crypto/best-bitcoin-crypto-
wallet-tracker-tools)

__Read

Beginner

### Stay in touch

Announcements can be found in our blog. Press contact:  
[media@ledger.com](mailto:media@ledger.com)

  * [__](https://www.reddit.com/r/ledgerwallet/ "Ledger Reddit")
  * [__](https://www.facebook.com/Ledger/ "Ledger Facebook")
  * [__](https://www.instagram.com/ledger/ "Ledger Instagram")
  * [__](https://twitter.com/Ledger "Ledger Twitter")
  * [__](https://www.youtube.com/Ledger "Ledger Youtube")
  * [__](https://www.linkedin.com/company/ledgerhq "Ledger Linkedin company")
  * [__](https://www.tiktok.com/@ledger "Ledger Tiktok")
  * [__](https://discord.com/invite/ledger "Ledger Discord")

### Subscribe to our  
newsletter

New coins supported, blog updates and exclusive offers directly in your inbox

  

Enter your email

Register to newsletter

Your email address will only be used to send you our newsletter, as well as
updates and offers. You can unsubscribe at any time using the link included in
the newsletter.

[Learn more about how we manage your data and your
rights.](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/privacy-notice#ledger-newsletter)

__

[![](https://www.ledger.com/wp-content/themes/ledger-v2/public/images/ledger-
logo-long.svg)](https://www.ledger.com "Ledger")

  * English
    * This page is available in English only

Copyright © Ledger SAS. All rights reserved. Ledger, Ledger Stax, Ledger Nano
S, Ledger Vault, Bolos are trademarks owned by Ledger SAS.  
  
1 rue du Mail, 75002 Paris, France  
  
Payment methods  
![](/wp-content/uploads/2021/11/logo-paypal-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-crypto-s.png?v=6)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-bitpay-s.png?v=6)  
![](/wp-content/uploads/2021/11/layer1.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-visa-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-maestro-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-mastercard-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-cb-s.png?v=2)

  * Products
    * [Ledger Stax](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-stax)
    * [Ledger Nano X](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-nano-x)
    * [Ledger Nano S Plus](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-nano-s-plus)
    * [Compare our devices](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/hardware-wallets-comparison)
    * [Bundles](https://shop.ledger.com/#category-bundle)
    * [Accessories](https://shop.ledger.com/#category-accessories)
    * [All products](https://shop.ledger.com)
    * [Downloads](https://www.ledger.com/ledger-live)

  * Crypto Assets
    * [Bitcoin wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/bitcoin)
    * [Ethereum wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/ethereum)
    * [Cardano wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/cardano)
    * [XRP wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/ripple)
    * [Monero wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/monero)
    * [USDT wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/tether)
    * [See all assets](https://www.ledger.com/supported-crypto-assets)

  * Crypto Services
    * [Crypto Prices](https://www.ledger.com/coin/price)
    * [Buy crypto](https://www.ledger.com/buy)
    * [Staking crypto](https://www.ledger.com/staking)
    * [Swap crypto](https://www.ledger.com/swap)

  * For Business
    * [Ledger Enterprise Solutions](https://enterprise.ledger.com/)

  * For Startups
    * [Funding from Ledger Cathay Capital](https://www.ledger.com/cathay-ledger-fund)

  * For Developers
    * [The Developer Portal](https://developers.ledger.com/)

  * Get started
    * [Start using your Ledger device](https://www.ledger.com/start)
    * [Compatible wallets and services](https://www.ledger.com/ledger-wallets-and-services)
    * [How to buy Bitcoin](https://www.ledger.com/buy-bitcoin)
    * [Guide before buying bitcoin](https://www.ledger.com/buy-bitcoin/how)
    * [Bitcoin Hardware Wallet](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/bitcoin-hardware-wallet)

  * See also
    * [Support](https://support.ledger.com/hc)
    * [Bounty program](https://donjon.ledger.com/bounty/)
    * [Resellers](/reseller)
    * [Ledger Press Kit](https://www.ledger.com/press)
    * [Affiliates](https://www.ledgerwallet.com/affiliates/)
    * [Status](https://status.ledger.com/)
    * [Partners](/partners)

  * Careers
    * [Join us](https://www.ledger.com/career)
    * [All jobs](https://www.ledger.com/jobs)

  * About
    * [Our vision](https://www.ledger.com/blog/we-are-ledger-a-brand-vision)
    * [Ledger Academy](https://www.ledger.com/academy)
    * [The company](/the-company)
    * [The people](/the-people-behind-ledger)
    * [Diversity](https://www.ledger.com/diversity)
    * [Blog](/blog)

  * Legal
    * [Legal Center](https://www.ledger.com/legal-center)
    * [Sales Terms and Conditions](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/terms-and-conditions)
    * [Privacy Policy](https://www.ledger.com/privacy-policy)
    * [Disclaimers](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/disclaimers)

![](https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=237213137153741&ev=PageView&noscript=1)

![](https://t.co/1/i/adsct?bci=4&eci=3&event=%7B%7D&event_id=417be6dd-8f31-44a9-a897-6caf606c8564&integration=gtm&p_id=Twitter&p_user_id=0&pl_id=fbb0bd92-ade0-4895-bb3e-ae5c85218de9&tw_document_href=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Ftopics%2Fledgersolutions%2Fledger-
embedded-
software&tw_iframe_status=0&txn_id=nzkax&type=javascript&version=2.3.30)![](https://analytics.twitter.com/1/i/adsct?bci=4&eci=3&event=%7B%7D&event_id=417be6dd-8f31-44a9-a897-6caf606c8564&integration=gtm&p_id=Twitter&p_user_id=0&pl_id=fbb0bd92-ade0-4895-bb3e-ae5c85218de9&tw_document_href=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Ftopics%2Fledgersolutions%2Fledger-
embedded-
software&tw_iframe_status=0&txn_id=nzkax&type=javascript&version=2.3.30)

By clicking “Accept All Cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your
device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our
marketing efforts.

Cookies Settings Accept All Cookies

![Company Logo](https://cdn.cookielaw.org/logos/df21fb3f-71b8-491b-89ee-
eb777bcaf866/637ca236-af9d-4a40-815f-1b6a15af499d/ea9d9f41-35f0-4c24-9a83-1ef746863067/White_64.png)

## Privacy Preference Center

  * ### Your Privacy

  * ### Strictly Necessary Cookies

  * ### Performance Cookies

  * ### Functional Cookies

  * ### Targeting Cookies

  * ### Social Media Cookies

#### Your Privacy

When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your
browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you,
your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as
you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but
it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your
right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on
the different category headings to find out more and change our default
settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience
of the site and the services we are able to offer.  
[More information](https://cookiepedia.co.uk/giving-consent-to-cookies)

#### Strictly Necessary Cookies

Always Active

These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched
off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by
you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy
preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block
or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then
work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.

View Vendor Details‎

#### Performance Cookies

Performance Cookies

These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure
and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are
the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All
information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If
you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our
site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.

View Vendor Details‎

#### Functional Cookies

Functional Cookies

These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and
personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose
services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then
some or all of these services may not function properly.

View Vendor Details‎

#### Targeting Cookies

Targeting Cookies

These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They
may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show
you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal
information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet
device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted
advertising.

View Vendor Details‎

#### Social Media Cookies

Social Media Cookies

These cookies are set by a range of social media services that we have added
to the site to enable you to share our content with your friends and networks.
They are capable of tracking your browser across other sites and building up a
profile of your interests. This may impact the content and messages you see on
other websites you visit. If you do not allow these cookies you may not be
able to use or see these sharing tools.

View Vendor Details‎

Back Button

### Vendors List

Filter Button

Consent Leg.Interest

checkbox label label

checkbox label label

checkbox label label

Clear

checkbox label label

Apply Cancel

Confirm My Choices

Allow All

[![Powered by
Onetrust](https://cdn.cookielaw.org/logos/static/powered_by_logo.svg)](https://www.onetrust.com/products/cookie-
consent/)

![](https://bat.bing.com/action/0?ti=134633242&tm=gtm002&Ver=2&mid=c7c5b51c-e155-4d32-82b6-41327e0b9b1d&sid=1cb97de01cfd11ef8f1cdb9e91c4cf47&vid=1cb970c01cfd11efa211257132c0c5ea&vids=1&msclkid=N&pi=918639831&lg=en-
US&sw=800&sh=600&sc=24&tl=What%20is%20Ledger%20Embedded%20Software%3F%20%7C%20Ledger&p=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Ftopics%2Fledgersolutions%2Fledger-
embedded-software&r=&lt=3134&evt=pageLoad&sv=1&rn=499323)

![dot image
pixel](https://sp.analytics.yahoo.com/sp.pl?a=10000&d=Tue%2C%2028%20May%202024%2014%3A18%3A10%20GMT&n=0&b=What%20is%20Ledger%20Embedded%20Software%3F%20%7C%20Ledger&.yp=10159916&f=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Ftopics%2Fledgersolutions%2Fledger-
embedded-software&enc=UTF-8&yv=1.15.1&tagmgr=gtm)

