[](https://www.binance.com/en)

[Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/crypto/buy)

[Markets](https://www.binance.com/en/markets/overview)

Trade

Basic

  * [SpotBuy and sell on the Spot market with advanced tools](https://www.binance.com/en/trade/BTC_USDT?type=spot)
  * [MarginIncrease your profits with leverage](https://www.binance.com/en/trade?type=cross)
  * [P2PBuy & sell cryptocurrencies using bank transfer and 800+ options](https://p2p.binance.com/en)
  * [Convert & Block TradeThe easiest way to trade at all sizes](https://www.binance.com/en/convert)

Advanced

  * [Trading BotsTrade smarter with our various automated strategies - easy, fast and reliable](https://www.binance.com/en/trading-bots)
  * [Copy TradingFollow the most popular traders](https://www.binance.com/en/copy-trading)
  * [APIsUnlimited opportunities with one key](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-api)

[Futures](https://www.binance.com/en/futures/home)

  * [USDⓈ-M FuturesContracts settled in USDT and USDC](https://www.binance.com/en/futures)
  * [COIN-M FuturesContracts settled in cryptocurrency](https://www.binance.com/en/delivery)
  * [OptionsUSDT Options with limited downside and affordable entry](https://www.binance.com/en/eoptions)

[Earn](https://www.binance.com/en/earn)

[Square](https://www.binance.com/en/square)

  * [SquareStay informed with everything crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/square)
  * [Academy (Learn & Earn)Earn crypto by learning about blockchain](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn)
  * [BlogExpand your knowledge and get the latest insights](https://www.binance.com/en/blog)
  * [ResearchInstitutional-grade analysis, in-depth insights, and more](https://www.binance.com/en/research)

More

  * [VIP & InstitutionalYour trusted digital asset platform for VIPs and institutions](https://www.binance.com/en/vip-institutional-services)
  * [Launchpad & LaunchpoolDiscover and gain access to new token launches](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)
  * [MegadropLock your BNB and complete Web3 quests for boosted airdrop rewards](https://www.binance.com/en/megadrop)
  * [Mining PoolMine more rewards by connecting to the pool](https://pool.binance.com/en)
  * [PaySend, receive and spend crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/payment)
  * [LoansGet an instant loan secured by crypto assets](https://www.binance.com/en/loan)

  * [NFTExplore NFTs from creators worldwide](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/home)
  * [Fan TokenDiscover an all-new fandom and unlock unlimited fan experiences](https://www.binance.com/en/fan-token)
  * [Web3 WalletMeet the next-generation Web3 wallet](https://www.binance.com/en/web3wallet)
  * [BNB ChainThe most popular blockchain to build your own dApp](https://www.bnbchain.org)
  * [CharityBlockchain empowers charity to be more transparent, efficient, and traceable](https://www.binance.charity)

##### [Binance Blog](/blog)

# What Is the Future of Compliance & Investigations at Binance? Hear From Our
Experts

2023-05-09

[Hear from our Compliance leaders](/blog/tag/hear-from-our-compliance-
leaders-38)

## Main Takeaways

  * Binance has launched a six-part video series featuring our compliance experts and their views on various aspects of their critical work.

  * In the final video of this series, we’ll hear our leaders’ thoughts about the future of Binance and its Compliance program.

In the final episode of the series zooming in on Binance’s Compliance program
and its leaders, we try to envision what the future will look like for
Binance, its compliance efforts, and the industry at large.

Matt Price, Global Head of Intelligence and Investigations, says that Binance
will continue to grow as crypto becomes more widely adopted. That also means
that criminals will continue trying to use this technology for their own
purposes. However, in the last couple of years, there’s been an explosive
growth of investigative capabilities globally.

There are more players in the space who are constantly innovating and
providing new techniques and features that were not previously available. The
field of cryptocurrency investigations will also grow and continue to bring in
more experts from different backgrounds.

Chagri Poyraz, Global Head of Sanctions, shares his view of Binance as a
player that is setting the industry standards and motivating constructive
dialogue. He says that Binance will continue proactively engaging with
governments and regulators alike. So, whichever industry Binance is in, it
will be setting the standards and building the culture in this space.

Richard Teng, Regional Head of Europe & MENA, believes that the future for
crypto and Binance looks extremely bright. He says that the industry will go
through a period of very rapid growth and many changes. Entities like family
offices and hedge funds will look to increase their allocation in this space,
bringing a lot more demand.

Richard expects that we will see a lot more good use cases for digital assets
in the future, which will facilitate crypto adoption. Regulations will
harmonize over time, and it will be easier for crypto players like Binance to
comply with one set of rules that are transportable globally.

Steve Christie, Binance’s Compliance Officer, also shares his unique
perspective in this week’s video. He highlights that Binance is uniquely
positioned to bring various products, services, and business lines together
under one ecosystem. When it comes to compliance, this can provide us with a
lot of opportunities For example, potentially creating customer profiles that
can access different platforms within the ecosystem through a single verified
KYC token.

Steve also highlights that, if we can build our customers’ confidence in such
digital identity solutions, it can significantly elevate user experience. This
is an exciting vision, and it’s only attainable by a company with Binance’s
massive customer base and the breadth of products and services offered.

Tigran Gambaryan, Head of Financial Crimes Compliance, is highly optimistic
about the future. He maintains that Binance is positioned to support the
growth of the cryptocurrency industry as a whole. On its part, Tigran’s team
plays a key role in supporting the company’s operations and will continue to
work with law enforcement around the world to tackle financial crime. We are
still hiring and will continue to expand along with the growth of Binance’s
business.

Watch the final episode to hear more about the future of Binance from these
tremendous experts. If you missed the other videos in this series, check them
out below!

  * [Biggest Misconceptions About Crypto: Hear From Our Compliance Experts](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/community/biggest-misconceptions-about-crypto-hear-from-our-compliance-experts-4913105047561137885)

  * [How Binance Invests In Compliance: Hear From Our Experts](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/community/how-binance-invests-in-compliance-hear-from-our-experts-7564833709412083797)

  * [What Does the Binance Compliance and Investigations Team Do? Hear From Our Experts](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/community/what-does-the-binance-compliance-and-investigations-team-do-hear-from-our-experts-6727196362408244261)

  * [What Challenges Does the Compliance Team Face? Hear From Our Experts](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/community/what-challenges-does-the-compliance-team-face-hear-from-our-experts-6539946444124127068)

  * [Expertise in the Binance Compliance Team](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/community/expertise-in-the-binance-compliance-team-2440494994988411195)

Like this post

###### Share Post

Article Outlines

What Is the Future of Compliance & Investigations at Binance? Hear From Our
Experts

Main Takeaways

### Community

[](https://discord.gg/jE4wt8g2H2)[](https://www.binance.com/en/community)[](https://www.tiktok.com/@binance?lang=en)[](https://www.facebook.com/binance)[](https://twitter.com/binance)[](https://www.reddit.com/r/binance)[](https://www.instagram.com/Binance/)[](https://coinmarketcap.com/exchanges/binance/)[](https://www.youtube.com/binanceyoutube)[](https://www.binance.com/en/community)

Theme

Theme

### About Us

  * [About](https://www.binance.com/en/about)
  * [Careers](https://www.binance.com/en/careers)
  * [Announcements](https://www.binance.com/en/support/announcement)
  * [News](https://www.binance.com/en/square/news/all)
  * [Press](https://www.binance.com/en/press)
  * [Legal](https://www.binance.com/en/legal/home)
  * [Terms](https://www.binance.com/en/terms)
  * [Privacy](https://www.binance.com/en/about-legal/privacy-portal)
  * [Building Trust](https://www.binance.com/en/land/building_trust)
  * [Blog](https://www.binance.com/en/blog)
  * [Community](https://www.binance.com/en/community)
  * [Sitemap](https://www.binance.com/en/country-region-selector)
  * [Risk Warning](https://www.binance.com/en/risk-warning)
  * [Notices](https://www.binance.com/en/support/list/notices)
  * [Downloads](https://www.binance.com/en/download)
  * [Desktop Application](https://www.binance.com/en/desktop-download)

### Products

  * [Exchange](https://www.binance.com/en/trade)
  * [Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/buy-sell-crypto)
  * [Leveraged Tokens](https://www.binance.com/en/leveraged-tokens/tokens/allTokens)
  * [TradingView](https://www.binance.com/en/land/tradingview)
  * [Pay](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/payment)
  * [Academy](https://academy.binance.com/en)
  * [Live](https://www.binance.com/en/live)
  * [Tax](https://www.binance.com/en/tax)
  * [Gift Card](https://www.binance.com/en/gift-card)
  * [Launchpad & Launchpool](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)
  * [Auto-Invest](https://www.binance.com/en/auto-invest)
  * [ETH Staking](https://www.binance.com/en/eth2)
  * [NFT](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/home)
  * [BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/bnb)
  * [BABT](https://www.binance.com/en/BABT?source=footer)
  * [Research](https://www.binance.com/en/research)
  * [Charity](https://www.binance.charity)

### Business

  * [P2P Merchant Application](https://c2c.binance.com/en/merchantApplication)
  * [P2Pro Merchant Application](https://p2p.binance.com/en/p2pro)
  * [Listing Application](https://www.binance.com/en/my/coin-apply)
  * [Institutional & VIP Services](https://www.binance.com/en/vip-institutional-services)
  * [Labs](https://labs.binance.com/)

### Learn

  * [Learn & Earn](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn)
  * [Browse Crypto Prices](https://www.binance.com/en/price)
  * [Bitcoin Price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/bitcoin)
  * [Ethereum Price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/ethereum)
  * [Browse Crypto Price Predictions](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction)
  * [Bitcoin Price Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction/bitcoin)
  * [Ethereum Price Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction/ethereum)
  * [Buy Bitcoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bitcoin)
  * [Buy BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bnb)
  * [Buy Ripple](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/xrp)
  * [Buy Dogecoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/dogecoin)
  * [Buy Ethereum](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/ethereum)
  * [Buy Tradable Altcoins](https://www.binance.com/en/altcoins/tradable)

### Service

  * [Affiliate](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/affiliate)
  * [Referral](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/referral?utm_source=Lite_web_footer)
  * [OTC Trading](https://www.binance.com/en/otc)
  * [Historical Market Data](https://www.binance.com/en/landing/data)
  * [Proof of Reserves](https://www.binance.com/en/proof-of-reserves)

### Support

  * [24/7 Chat Support](https://www.binance.com/en/chat?sourceEntry=4)
  * [Support Center](https://www.binance.com/en/support)
  * [Product Feedback & Suggestions](https://www.binance.com/en/my/user-support/feedback/entry)
  * [Fees](https://www.binance.com/en/fee/schedule)
  * [APIs](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-api)
  * [Binance Verify](https://www.binance.com/en/official-verification)
  * [Trading Rules](https://www.binance.com/en/trade-rule)
  * [Binance Airdrop Portal](https://www.binance.com/en/airdrop)
  * [Law Enforcement Requests](https://www.binance.com/en/support/law-enforcement)

Binance© 2024Cookie Preferences

