[](https://www.binance.com/en)

[Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/crypto/buy)

[Markets](https://www.binance.com/en/markets/overview)

Trade

Basic

  * [SpotBuy and sell on the Spot market with advanced tools](https://www.binance.com/en/trade/BTC_USDT?type=spot)
  * [MarginIncrease your profits with leverage](https://www.binance.com/en/trade?type=cross)
  * [P2PBuy & sell cryptocurrencies using bank transfer and 800+ options](https://p2p.binance.com/en)
  * [Convert & Block TradeThe easiest way to trade at all sizes](https://www.binance.com/en/convert)

Advanced

  * [Trading BotsTrade smarter with our various automated strategies - easy, fast and reliable](https://www.binance.com/en/trading-bots)
  * [Copy TradingFollow the most popular traders](https://www.binance.com/en/copy-trading)
  * [APIsUnlimited opportunities with one key](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-api)

[Futures](https://www.binance.com/en/futures/home)

  * [USDⓈ-M FuturesContracts settled in USDT and USDC](https://www.binance.com/en/futures)
  * [COIN-M FuturesContracts settled in cryptocurrency](https://www.binance.com/en/delivery)
  * [OptionsUSDT Options with limited downside and affordable entry](https://www.binance.com/en/eoptions)

[Earn](https://www.binance.com/en/earn)

[Square](https://www.binance.com/en/square)

  * [SquareStay informed with everything crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/square)
  * [Academy (Learn & Earn)Earn crypto by learning about blockchain](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn)
  * [BlogExpand your knowledge and get the latest insights](https://www.binance.com/en/blog)
  * [ResearchInstitutional-grade analysis, in-depth insights, and more](https://www.binance.com/en/research)

More

  * [VIP & InstitutionalYour trusted digital asset platform for VIPs and institutions](https://www.binance.com/en/vip-institutional-services)
  * [Launchpad & LaunchpoolDiscover and gain access to new token launches](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)
  * [MegadropLock your BNB and complete Web3 quests for boosted airdrop rewards](https://www.binance.com/en/megadrop)
  * [Mining PoolMine more rewards by connecting to the pool](https://pool.binance.com/en)
  * [PaySend, receive and spend crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/payment)
  * [LoansGet an instant loan secured by crypto assets](https://www.binance.com/en/loan)

  * [NFTExplore NFTs from creators worldwide](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/home)
  * [Fan TokenDiscover an all-new fandom and unlock unlimited fan experiences](https://www.binance.com/en/fan-token)
  * [Web3 WalletMeet the next-generation Web3 wallet](https://www.binance.com/en/web3wallet)
  * [BNB ChainThe most popular blockchain to build your own dApp](https://www.bnbchain.org)
  * [CharityBlockchain empowers charity to be more transparent, efficient, and traceable](https://www.binance.charity)

##### [Binance Blog](/blog)

# Binance Football Fever 2022: How to Earn Your Share of Rewards Worth
$1,000,000 (USD)

2022-11-07

## Main Takeaways

  * [Binance Football Fever 2022](https://www.binance.com/en/fan-token/football-fever-2022?ref=NO5BA53I&utm_source=fan-token&utm_medium=ft-blog-body&utm_campaign=ft-bff2022&register_channel=ft_BFF&registerChannel=ft_BFF) launches on November 7, 2022, enabling football fans to participate in no-cost, no-loss daily challenges. 

  * Participants will be able to showcase their sports knowledge as world-class football comes to Qatar from Nov. 20 to Dec. 18, 2022.

  * To participate, fans will need to claim a Binance Football Fever [NFT Passport](https://www.binance.com/en/fan-token/football-fever-2022/nft-passport?ref=NO5BA53I&utm_source=fan-token&utm_medium=ft-blog-body&utm_campaign=ft-bff2022&register_channel=ft_BFF&registerChannel=ft_BFF).

  * Rewards include NFTs, premium fan experiences, and tokens worth up to $1 million to be shared between the participants.

_November 2022 sees the start of the biggest sporting event of the year as 32
national football teams gather in Qatar to battle it out and decide the fate
of the crown. Binance Fan Token will be hosting a free daily challenge during
this period as part of its Binance Football Fever event. Fans are encouraged
to come together, express their love for the game, and share the rewards._

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20221107/2bb90ec3-76ad-476a-bcbf-7068f41699b2)

 A record-breaking five billion people are expected to be watching the feast
of football scheduled to take place in Qatar from November 20 to December 18,
2022, according to the tournament organizers. That’s right, it’s the biggest
sporting event of the year, with 32 national football teams coming together
for 64 world-class matches to determine the ultimate champion.

Here at Binance, we’re launching our very own “Binance Football Fever 2022” on
November 7 in anticipation of the sporting extravaganza that we all eagerly
await. This new online challenge is designed to bring people from all over the
world together, connecting fans through a fun, no-loss activity with total
rewards worth $1 million (USD).

Those enrolled in our Football Fever Daily Challenge, hosted by Binance Fan
Token, will be eligible for hefty rewards, including tokens, limited-edition
NFTs, and premium club experiences (such as player meetings and training-
ground tours).

This article will introduce how the Daily Challenge works and what you need to
do to take part, explore the rewards on offer, and provide an overview of
Binance Fan Token for those unfamiliar with it. Shin pads in, boots on. It’s
game time!

## What is the Daily Challenge (Binance Football Fever 2022)?

On each day between November 20 and December 18, 2022, on which international
football matches are being played, fans will be able to use their sports
knowledge to make informed judgements on the outcomes of those games.

Every day, participants will be ranked according to the accuracy of their
entries. Any additional multipliers users may have earned will be accounted
for, and rewards will then be distributed based on the resulting rankings.

There’s no entry fee to be paid, and no assets will be at risk of being lost.
Better yet, the rewards go up with each passing day, with tokens worth $15,000
USD to be shared among participants on the first day of matches on November
20, and going all the way up to $60,000 USD on the final day, which falls on
December 18, 2022.

The combined rewards to be shared between all Daily Challenge winners amounts
to $1 million, which will be distributed in digital assets. Note that each
user’s daily share of rewards will be limited to a maximum of $1,000. All you
have to do to get a chance of earning a share of rewards is to correctly
anticipate the results of each day’s games.

## How to Take Part in the Football Fever Daily Challenge

To take part in the Daily Challenge, fans must first claim a Binance Football
Fever (BFF) NFT Passport, which is available on the Binance Fan Token
Platform. There are three different types of BFF NFT Passport, each with
different requirements, both in terms of how it’s obtained and what activities
it unlocks.

### The Trial Passport

The Trial Passport is available to new Binance users who register an account
[here](https://www.binance.com/en/fan-token/football-
fever-2022?ref=NO5BA53I&utm_source=fan-token&utm_medium=ft-blog-
body&utm_campaign=ft-bff2022&register_channel=ft_BFF&registerChannel=ft_BFF)
during the Binance Football Fever period (November 7 to December 18, 2022).
Please note that you are only considered a new user for the purposes of BFF if
you register on the dedicated Binance Football Fever page, and not through any
other entry point.

The Trial Passport NFT unlocks three days of Daily Challenges, although
rewards can only be claimed once identity verification has been completed.
Please note that the Trial Passport is not available to those who are already
registered as Binance users at the time Binance Football Fever kicks off.

### The Standard Passport

The Standard Passport is available to any new Binance users who register an
account through the dedicated [Binance Football Fever
page](https://www.binance.com/en/fan-token/football-
fever-2022?ref=NO5BA53I&utm_source=fan-token&utm_medium=ft-blog-
body&utm_campaign=ft-bff2022&register_channel=ft_BFF&registerChannel=ft_BFF)
during the period November 7 to December 18, 2022, and then go on to complete
the identity verification process.

Pre-existing Binance users can claim a Standard Passport if they either (a)
invite one other person who then registers to join Binance during the Binance
Football Fever period, or (b) hold one Binance Fan Token (LAZIO, PORTO,
SANTOS, or ALPINE). The Standard Passport unlocks 12 days of Daily Challenges
— plus the associated rewards.

### The Super Passport

The Super Passport is available to everyone, but requires you to either hold
more than 10 Fan Tokens with Binance, or successfully invite three new users
who register with Binance during the BFF period. The Super Passport unlocks 23
days of Daily Challenges — which includes every game to be played in Qatar —
and means you are eligible for a share of all the rewards available during
Binance Football Fever.

All three types of NFT Passport will be available starting November 7, 2022.
Fans can start registering anticipated match results from November 11, 2022
onward. Note that users must submit their entry for each Daily Challenge no
later than the scheduled kick-off time of the first match of that day.

## Rewards: Tokens, NFTs, and Fan Experiences

As mentioned, the prizes to be won in Binance Football Fever are worth a grand
total of $1,000,000. Rewards for each Daily Challenge will be distributed in
the form of crypto rather than fiat, and anyone who takes part will be awarded
a commemorative Pride Of Nations NFT. These digital collectibles celebrate the
32 teams participating in the world’s biggest international football
tournament, and come in Gold (for those who guess the correct score), Silver
(for those who guess the match winner), and Bronze (for those who fail to make
correct guesses). These NFTs are then tallied to work out participants’ daily
rankings.

There’s also an overall leaderboard, which tracks user rankings for the
entirety of the Binance Football Fever competition. No extra action is needed
from fans taking part in the Daily Challenges: the leaderboard simply records
the best overall performances cumulatively across all Daily Challenges.

Once the tournament in Qatar has concluded, additional rewards will be
distributed to those at the top of the overall leaderboard. These will include
online and offline experiences with the teams currently on the Binance Fan
Token Platform: Lazio from Italy’s Serie A; FC Porto from Portugal’s Primeira
Liga; Brazil’s Santos FC, plus the BWT Alpine F1 Team representing Formula
One.

## What is Binance Fan Token?

The Binance Fan Token Platform is the premier crypto hub for sports fans and
their favorite teams. Binance is constantly adding top-tier sports clubs to
Fan Token’s roster – as well as some of the most exciting brands across
gaming, e-sports and entertainment – to bring the fan experience into the
crypto world and to new heights.

Our platform is constantly launching new Binance Fan Tokens and partnerships
to allow supporters to engage with their favorite teams in an ever-growing
number of ways. By using digital tokens, fans can participate in a range of
exciting activities that involve unique rewards, signed merchandise, special
team and brand experiences, as well as access to limited-edition NFTs and
exclusive votes on club-related decisions. We’re looking forward for you to
join the BFF Daily Challenge with Binance Fan Token. Don’t forget to [claim
your BFF NFT Passport](https://www.binance.com/en/fan-token/football-
fever-2022?ref=NO5BA53I&utm_source=fan-token&utm_medium=ft-blog-
body&utm_campaign=ft-bff2022&register_channel=ft_BFF) starting November 7,
2022, to take part.

_**Read the following helpful articles to learn more about Binance Football
Fever, Binance Fan Token, and the Daily Challenge**_**:**

  * [How to Participate in Binance Football Fever 2022](https://www.binance.com/en/support/faq/how-to-participate-in-binance-football-fever-2022-73a29d4eb41047f6b02c78bf22dedaf5) 

  * [What Are Binance Fan Tokens?](https://academy.binance.com/en/articles/what-are-binance-fan-tokens)

  * [Introducing the Binance Fan Token Platform](https://www.binance.com/en/support/faq/d7b9cad2afbb47208921beb52d1ccd01)

**Risk Warning** : Binance Fan Tokens may fluctuate in value and you should
conduct your own due diligence of the suitability of tokens and the risks
involved before you enter into any transaction. To access and use the Binance
Fan Token Platform you must go through our mandatory KYC and Identity
Verification process and agree to the Binance Fan Tokens Terms and Conditions
and the general Binance Terms of Use. Binance has the right to modify and
terminate tokens, utility features, and the entire Binance Fan Token Platform
with all its related content without notice or liability to users. It is your
responsibility to determine whether you are permitted to use the services of
the Binance Fan Token Platform based on the legal requirements in your country
of residence.

  
_**For more information, plus terms and conditions, please
visit**_[here](https://www.binance.com/en/support/announcement/7d8a6e585600493e97d085f0116a36c2?ref=NO5BA53I&utm_source=crm&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=ft-
bff2022&register_channel=ft_BFF) _._

Like this post

###### Share Post

Article Outlines

Binance Football Fever 2022: How to Earn Your Share of Rewards Worth
$1,000,000 (USD)

Main Takeaways

What is the Daily Challenge (Binance Football Fever 2022)?

How to Take Part in the Football Fever Daily Challenge

Rewards: Tokens, NFTs, and Fan Experiences

What is Binance Fan Token?

### Community

[](https://discord.gg/jE4wt8g2H2)[](https://www.binance.com/en/community)[](https://www.tiktok.com/@binance?lang=en)[](https://www.facebook.com/binance)[](https://twitter.com/binance)[](https://www.reddit.com/r/binance)[](https://www.instagram.com/Binance/)[](https://coinmarketcap.com/exchanges/binance/)[](https://www.youtube.com/binanceyoutube)[](https://www.binance.com/en/community)

English

English

العربية

العربية (البحرين)

български

Čeština

Dansk

Deutsch (Schweiz)

Ελληνικά

English (UAE)

English (Australia)

English (Bahrain)

English (India)

English (Japan)

English (Kazakhstan)

English (Nigeria)

English (New Zealand)

English (South Africa)

Español (España)

Español (Argentina)

Español (Latinoamérica)

Español (México)

Français

Français (Afrique)

magyar nyelv

Bahasa Indonesia

Italiano

日本語

Қазақша (Қазақстан)

Қазақша

ລາວ

latviešu valoda

Polski

Português

Português (Brasil)

Română

Русский

Русский (Казахстан)

Русский (Украина)

සිංහල

Slovenčina

Slovenščina

Svenska

Türkçe

Українська

Tiếng Việt

简体中文

繁體中文

USD-$

USD-$

AED-د.إ

ARS-ARS$

AUD-A$

BDT-৳

BGN-лв

BHD-.د.ب

BOB-$b

BRL-R$

CAD-C$

CHF-CHF

CNY-¥

COP-COL$

CZK-Kč

DKK-KR

EGP-E£

EUR-€

GBP-£

HKD-HKD

HRK-kn

HUF-Ft

IDR-Rp

INR-₹

JPY-¥

KES-KSh

KWD-ك.د

KZT-₸

MAD-م.د.

MNT-₮

MXN-Mex$

NZD-NZ$

OMR-ر.ع.

PEN-S/.

PHP-₱

PKR-₨

PLN-zł

QAR-ر.ق

RON-lei

RUB-₽

SAR-ر.س

SEK-kr

THB-฿

TRY-₺

TWD-NT$

UAH-₴

UGX-USh

VES-Bs

VND-₫

ZAR-R

Theme

English

USD

Theme

### About Us

  * [About](https://www.binance.com/en/about)
  * [Careers](https://www.binance.com/en/careers)
  * [Announcements](https://www.binance.com/en/support/announcement)
  * [News](https://www.binance.com/en/square/news/all)
  * [Press](https://www.binance.com/en/press)
  * [Legal](https://www.binance.com/en/legal/home)
  * [Terms](https://www.binance.com/en/terms)
  * [Privacy](https://www.binance.com/en/about-legal/privacy-portal)
  * [Building Trust](https://www.binance.com/en/land/building_trust)
  * [Blog](https://www.binance.com/en/blog)
  * [Community](https://www.binance.com/en/community)
  * [Sitemap](https://www.binance.com/en/country-region-selector)
  * [Risk Warning](https://www.binance.com/en/risk-warning)
  * [Notices](https://www.binance.com/en/support/list/notices)
  * [Downloads](https://www.binance.com/en/download)
  * [Desktop Application](https://www.binance.com/en/desktop-download)

### Products

  * [Exchange](https://www.binance.com/en/trade)
  * [Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/buy-sell-crypto)
  * [Leveraged Tokens](https://www.binance.com/en/leveraged-tokens/tokens/allTokens)
  * [TradingView](https://www.binance.com/en/land/tradingview)
  * [Pay](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/payment)
  * [Academy](https://academy.binance.com/en)
  * [Live](https://www.binance.com/en/live)
  * [Tax](https://www.binance.com/en/tax)
  * [Gift Card](https://www.binance.com/en/gift-card)
  * [Launchpad & Launchpool](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)
  * [Auto-Invest](https://www.binance.com/en/auto-invest)
  * [ETH Staking](https://www.binance.com/en/eth2)
  * [NFT](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/home)
  * [BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/bnb)
  * [BABT](https://www.binance.com/en/BABT?source=footer)
  * [Research](https://www.binance.com/en/research)
  * [Charity](https://www.binance.charity)

### Business

  * [P2P Merchant Application](https://c2c.binance.com/en/merchantApplication)
  * [P2Pro Merchant Application](https://p2p.binance.com/en/p2pro)
  * [Listing Application](https://www.binance.com/en/my/coin-apply)
  * [Institutional & VIP Services](https://www.binance.com/en/vip-institutional-services)
  * [Labs](https://labs.binance.com/)

### Learn

  * [Learn & Earn](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn)
  * [Browse Crypto Prices](https://www.binance.com/en/price)
  * [Bitcoin Price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/bitcoin)
  * [Ethereum Price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/ethereum)
  * [Browse Crypto Price Predictions](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction)
  * [Bitcoin Price Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction/bitcoin)
  * [Ethereum Price Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction/ethereum)
  * [Buy Bitcoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bitcoin)
  * [Buy BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bnb)
  * [Buy Ripple](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/xrp)
  * [Buy Dogecoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/dogecoin)
  * [Buy Ethereum](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/ethereum)
  * [Buy Tradable Altcoins](https://www.binance.com/en/altcoins/tradable)

### Service

  * [Affiliate](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/affiliate)
  * [Referral](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/referral?utm_source=Lite_web_footer)
  * [OTC Trading](https://www.binance.com/en/otc)
  * [Historical Market Data](https://www.binance.com/en/landing/data)
  * [Proof of Reserves](https://www.binance.com/en/proof-of-reserves)

### Support

  * [24/7 Chat Support](https://www.binance.com/en/chat?sourceEntry=4)
  * [Support Center](https://www.binance.com/en/support)
  * [Product Feedback & Suggestions](https://www.binance.com/en/my/user-support/feedback/entry)
  * [Fees](https://www.binance.com/en/fee/schedule)
  * [APIs](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-api)
  * [Binance Verify](https://www.binance.com/en/official-verification)
  * [Trading Rules](https://www.binance.com/en/trade-rule)
  * [Binance Airdrop Portal](https://www.binance.com/en/airdrop)
  * [Law Enforcement Requests](https://www.binance.com/en/support/law-enforcement)

Binance© 2024Cookie Preferences

![Company Logo](https://cdn.cookielaw.org/logos/99f99939-5a0d-4feb-
aef3-ba45f16b6907/5bfb9945-c83c-46f9-8bd7-55e8fd1975b5/02e50907-93f6-477d-a8a2-d581dace49c2/binance-h.png)

## Privacy Preference Center

When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your
browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you,
your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as
you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but
it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your
right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on
the different category headings to find out more and change our default
settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience
of the site and the services we are able to offer.  
[Cookie Policy](https://www.binance.com/en/cookie-privacy)

Allow All

###  Manage Consent Preferences

#### Strictly Necessary Cookies

Always Active

These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched
off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by
you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy
preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block
or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then
work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.

Cookies Details‎

#### Functional Cookies

Functional Cookies

These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and
personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose
services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then
some or all of these services may not function properly.

Cookies Details‎

#### Targeting Cookies

Targeting Cookies

Targeting cookies may be set through our site by ourselves and our advertising
partners. First parties and third parties will use them to build a profile of
your interests based on the browsing information they collect from you, which
includes uniquely identifying your browser and terminal equipment. If you do
not allow these cookies you will still see basic advertising on your browser
that is generic and not based on your interests

Cookies Details‎

#### Performance Cookies

Performance Cookies

These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure
and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are
the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All
information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If
you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our
site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.

Cookies Details‎

Back Button

### Cookie List

Search Icon

Filter Icon

Clear

checkbox label label

Apply Cancel

Consent Leg.Interest

checkbox label label

checkbox label label

checkbox label label

Reject All Confirm My Choices

[![Powered by
Onetrust](https://cdn.cookielaw.org/logos/static/powered_by_logo.svg)](https://www.onetrust.com/products/cookie-
consent/)

